 the provisions of the Regulatory Law that came into force under the DIFC Laws Amendment Law No. 1 of 2014; and

(c)

“the commencement” means the commencement of the current Law.

2.7.2 A Person who immediately before the commencement was registered as an Auditor by the DFSA under the previous Law is deemed on the commencement to be registered as a Registered Auditor under the current Law.

2.7.3 A Person who immediately before the commencement was appointed as an Audit Principal by a Registered Auditor under the previous Law is deemed on the commencement to be registered as an Audit Principal under the current Law.

9

AUD/VER9/07-25

Auditor Module (AUD)

2A

APPOINTMENT OF A SENIOR OFFICER

2A.1 Application

2A.1.1 This chapter applies to every Registered Auditor.

2A.2 Appointment of a Senior Officer

2A.2.1

(1) A Registered Auditor must ensure that at all times a person is appointed as the senior

officer (“Senior Officer”) of the Registered Auditor.

(2) The Registered Auditor must ensure that the Senior Officer appointed under (1):

(i)

is a person with responsibility for the day-to-day management, supervision and control of the Registered Auditor’s activities carried on in or from the DIFC;

(ii) will act as key point of contact with the DFSA; and

(iii)

is fit and proper to perform the role in (i) and (ii), with an appropriate level of seniority and independence.

(3)

If the Senior Officer leaves the partnership or employment, as applicable, of a Registered Auditor, the Registered Auditor must appoint a successor as soon as possible, and in any event within 28 days.

Guidance

1.

The DFSA expects the appointed Senior Officer to be a managing partner of the partnership or, in the case of any other ownership structure, to hold an equivalent position of seniority within the Registered Auditor.

2.

The individual appointed as the Senior Officer may be an Audit Principal of the Registered Auditor.

3.

A Registered Auditor should make adequate arrangements to ensure that it remains in compliance with this module in the event that its Senior Officer is absent. Adequate arrangements would include appointing a temporary Senior Officer.

2A.3 Responsibilities of a Senior Officer

2A.3.1 A Senior Officer must deal with the DFSA in an open and co-operative manner and promptly disclose to the DFSA any information of which the DFSA would reasonably be expected to be notified.

10

AUD/VER9/07-25

Auditor Module (AUD)

3

SUSPENSION AND WITHDRAWAL OF REGISTRATION

3.1 Application

3.1.1 This chapter applies to every:

(a) Registered Auditor; and

(b) Audit Principal.

3.2 Suspension and withdrawal of registration of a Registered Auditor

Guidance

1. Under Article 98A(1) of the Regulatory Law the DFSA may suspend or withdraw the registration of a Registered Auditor or Audit Principal on its own initiative or at the request of the Registered Auditor or Audit Principal.

2. Article 98A(2) of the Regulatory Law sets out the circumstances in which the DFSA may suspend or withdraw the registration of a Registered Auditor or Audit Principal.

3. Under Article 98A(5) of the Regulatory Law, the DFSA may temporarily suspend the registration of a Registered Auditor or Audit Principal pending completion of an investigation against the Auditor or Audit Principal. The DFSA may only exercise this power where, arising from the investigation, it reasonably believes that the Person has engaged in serious misconduct that may form grounds for withdrawal of the Person’s registration. This might be, for example, where there is evidence of fraud, theft or other dishonest conduct or a risk to Client Assets. As the investigation is ongoing, the DFSA would ordinarily expect not to publicise a temporary suspension under this power. But the DFSA retains discretion to publicise such a suspension in an individual case if it is appropriate to do so given the particular circumstances.

4. Under Article 98A(7) of the Regulatory Law, a Registered Auditor or Audit Principal may refer a decision of the DFSA to suspend or withdraw its registration to the FMT. The DFSA decision to suspend or withdraw registration remains in force until the review is concluded and the FMT makes a