 audit work it has carried out in order to demonstrate to the DFSA that it is still able to meet its continuing obligations.

Guidance

The DFSA may issue guidelines in the form of practice notes or audit bulletins to assist Registered Auditors in applying the standards set out in Rule 2.3.1(a). These practice notes or audit bulletins will highlight new emerging or otherwise relevant circumstances to assist a Registered Auditor in applying the relevant standard. Practice notes or audit bulletins will be published on the DFSA website.

2.3A Principles for Registered Auditors

2.3A.1 The nine Principles set out in this section apply to every Registered Auditor.

Guidance

If a Registered Auditor breaches a Principle, the DFSA may consider taking appropriate action on that basis, including suspending or withdrawing the registration of the Registered Auditor.

Principle 1 – Integrity

2.3A.2 A Registered Auditor must observe high standards of integrity and fair dealing.

Principle 2 – Due skill, care and diligence

2.3A.3

In conducting its business activities a Registered Auditor must act with due skill, care and diligence and in accordance with applicable technical and professional standards.

5

AUD/VER9/07-25

Auditor Module (AUD)

Principle 3 – Management, systems and controls

2.3A.4 A Registered Auditor must ensure that its affairs are managed effectively and responsibly and that it has adequate systems and controls to ensure, as far as is reasonably practical, that it complies with legislation applicable in the DIFC.

Principle 4 – Resources

2.3A.5 A Registered Auditor must maintain and be able to demonstrate that it has adequate resources to conduct and manage its affairs. These include adequate financial and system resources as well as adequate and competent human resources.

Principle 5 – Professional conduct

2.3A.6 A Registered Auditor must observe proper standards of professional conduct and not engage in any conduct that it knows or reasonably ought to know might discredit the audit profession.

Principle 6 – Conflict of interest

2.3A.7 A Registered Auditor must take all reasonable steps to ensure that conflicts of interest between itself and its audit clients, between its Employees and audit clients and between one audit client and another are identified and then prevented or managed, or disclosed, in such a way that the interest of an audit client and the conduct of its audit work is not adversely affected.

Principle 7 – Compliance with high standards of corporate governance

2.3A.8 A Registered Auditor must have a governance framework that is appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of its business and structure, and which is adequate to promote the sound and prudent management and oversight of the Registered Auditor’s business and to protect the interests of its audit clients and stakeholders.

Principle 8 – Relations with the DFSA

2.3A.9 A Registered Auditor must deal with the DFSA in an open and co-operative manner and must promptly disclose to the DFSA significant events or anything else relating to the Registered Auditor of which the DFSA would reasonably expect to be notified.

Principle 9 – Confidentiality

2.3A.10 A Registered Auditor must respect the confidentiality of information acquired as a result of professional and business relationships and, therefore, not disclose any such information to third parties without proper and specific authority, unless there is a legal or professional right or duty to disclose, nor use the information for the personal advantage of the Registered Auditor or third parties.

6

AUD/VER9/07-25

Auditor Module (AUD)

2.4 Registration of Audit Principals

Guidance

The general responsibilities of an Audit Principal are defined in Article 97(c) of the Regulatory Law.

Application for registration

2.4.1 When applying for registration as an Audit Principal, both the relevant individual and the Registered Auditor must complete and submit the appropriate form on the DFSA electronic portal, supported by such additional materials as may be required by the DFSA, to the DFSA.

Criteria for registration

2.4.2 An individual applying for registration as an Audit Principal must be able to demonstrate to

the DFSA’s satisfaction that he:

(a) holds a Recognised Professional Qualification;

(b)

is a member in good standing of a Recognised Professional Body;

(c)

has at least 5 years of relevant post qualification audit experience in the past 7