 Principal, both the relevant individual and the Registered Auditor must complete and submit the appropriate form on the DFSA electronic portal, supported by such additional materials as may be required by the DFSA, to the DFSA.

Criteria for registration

2.4.2 An individual applying for registration as an Audit Principal must be able to demonstrate to

the DFSA’s satisfaction that he:

(a) holds a Recognised Professional Qualification;

(b)

is a member in good standing of a Recognised Professional Body;

(c)

has at least 5 years of relevant post qualification audit experience in the past 7 years, including at least one year of experience in a managerial role supervising and finalising audits; and

(d)

is fit and proper to conduct audit work.

2.5 Continuing obligations of Audit Principals

2.5.1 To remain registered, an Audit Principal must comply on a continuing basis with:

(a)

the registration criteria in Rule 2.4.2; and

(b)

the Principles in section 2.6.

2.6 Principles for Audit Principals

2.6.1 The seven Principles set out in this section apply to every Audit Principal.

Guidance

1.

These Principles are derived from the fundamental principles published in the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants. The Principles, in common with the Code, recognise the responsibility of the audit profession to further the public interest. They acknowledge that the professional work requires the application of extensive judgement based on expert and complex knowledge. It is important for the public to have confidence that such judgement is applied in an ethical manner.

7

AUD/VER9/07-25

Auditor Module (AUD)

2.

If an Audit Principal breaches a Principle, the DFSA may consider taking appropriate action on that basis, including suspending or withdrawing the registration of the Audit Principal.

Principle 1 - Integrity

2.6.2 An Audit Principal must be straightforward and honest in all professional and business

relationships.

Principle 2 - Objectivity

2.6.3 An Audit Principal must not allow bias, conflict of interest or the undue influence of others to

override professional or business judgements.

Principle 3 – Professional competence

2.6.4 An Audit Principal must maintain professional knowledge and skill at the level required to ensure that a client or employer receives competent professional services based on current developments in practice, legislation and techniques.

Principle 4 – Due skill, care and diligence

2.6.5 An Audit Principal must act with due skill, care and diligence and in accordance with

applicable technical and professional standards.

Principle 5 - Confidentiality

2.6.6 An Audit Principal must respect the confidentiality of information acquired as a result of professional and business relationships and, therefore, not disclose any such information to third parties without proper and specific authority, unless there is a legal or professional right or duty to disclose, nor use the information for the personal advantage of the Audit Principal or third parties.

Principle 6 – Relations with the DFSA

2.6.7 An Audit Principal must deal with the DFSA in an open and co-operative manner and must promptly disclose to the DFSA any information of which the DFSA would reasonably expect to be notified.

Principle 7 – Professional conduct

2.6.8 An Audit Principal must not engage in any conduct that the Audit Principal knows or

reasonably ought to know might discredit the audit profession.

2.7 Transitional and Saving Provisions

2.7.1

In this section:

(a)

“previous Law” means the Regulatory Law as it was in force immediately before the commencement of the DIFC Laws Amendment Law No. 1 of 2014;

8

AUD/VER9/07-25

Auditor Module (AUD)

(b)

“current Law” means the provisions of the Regulatory Law that came into force under the DIFC Laws Amendment Law No. 1 of 2014; and

(c)

“the commencement” means the commencement of the current Law.

2.7.2 A Person who immediately before the commencement was registered as an Auditor by the DFSA under the previous Law is deemed on the commencement to be registered as a Registered Auditor under the current Law.

2.7.3 A Person who immediately before the commencement was appointed as an Audit Principal by a Registered Auditor under the previous Law is deemed on the commencement to be registered as