 other legitimate reasons, such as if the employee has engaged in misconduct.

9.

A Registered Auditor should, as part of its policies and procedures, inform its officers and employees of the protection under Article 68A of the Regulatory Law.

4.12 Cyber Risk Management

4.12.1 A Registered Auditor must comply with the cyber risk management requirements in GEN

section 5.5 as if it were an Authorised Person.

20

AUD/VER9/07-25

Auditor Module (AUD)

4.13 Transparency Report

4.13.1 This section applies to a Registered Auditor that during its financial year carries out an audit

of the financial statements of a Public Listed Company.

4.13.2 The Registered Auditor must publish an annual transparency report no later than four

months after the end of its financial year.

4.13.3 The annual transparency report in Rule 4.13.2 must include at least the following

information:

(a) a description of the legal structure and ownership of the Registered Auditor;

(b)

if the Registered Auditor is a member of a network, a description of the network and the legal and structural arrangements in the network;

(c)

a description of the governance structure of the Registered Auditor;

(d) a description of the internal quality management system of the Registered Auditor and a statement by its Governing Body on the effectiveness of its functioning;

(e) a list of Public Listed Companies for which the Registered Auditor carried out audits

of the financial statements during the previous financial year; and

(f)

if not disclosed in the financial statements of the Registered Auditor, information about its total turnover and information about its revenues from services that are not Audit Services to entities that are Public Listed Companies.

4.13.4 The requirement in this section to publish information does not apply to the extent that the

information is included separately within equivalent disclosures provided by an affiliated entity outside the DIFC.

21

AUD/VER9/07-25

Auditor Module (AUD)

PART 3 – APPOINTMENT AND RESIGNATION OF AUDITOR AND CONDUCT OF

AUDITS

5

APPOINTMENT AND RESIGNATION OF AUDITOR

5.1 Application

5.1.1 This chapter applies to every Auditor.

5.2 Consent to appointment as an Auditor

Prescribed non-audit services

5.2.1 The following services are prescribed non-audit services for the purposes of Article 99A(2)(c)

of the Regulatory Law:

(a)

the Compliance Officer function;

(b)

the internal audit function; and

(c)

the preparation of accounting records or financial statements.

Guidance

An Auditor is prohibited from acting as an Auditor for an Authorised Person, Public Listed Company or Domestic Fund if it is providing any of the services set out in Rule 5.2.1 to the Authorised Person, Public Listed Company or the Fund Manager, Trustee or member of a Governing Body of the Domestic Fund. This is because the provision of such non-audit services creates a risk of a fundamental conflict of interest that would potentially prevent the Auditor from carrying out Audit Services properly. However, Auditors should be aware that there may also be other types of non-audit services which can create a conflict of interest and that may need to be considered on a case by case basis under Article 99A(2)(a) and (b) of the Regulatory Law to determine whether such other non-audit services create a conflict of interest or lack of independence that affect its ability to provide Audit Services to the Authorised Person, Public Listed Company or Domestic Fund.

Rotation of an Audit Principal of a Public Listed Company

5.2.2

(1) A Registered Auditor must not consent to an appointment or continue to act as the Auditor of a Public Listed Company if the Audit Principal who has responsibility for the conduct of the audit of the Public Listed Company has acted as Audit Principal in relation to that Company for a period exceeding the maximum period permitted under the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants and has not been rotated as required under that Code.

(2) The period referred to in (1) is prescribed for the purposes of Article 99A(2)(d) of the

Regulatory Law.

22

AUD/VER9/07-25

Auditor Module (AUD)

5.3 Resignation of Auditor

5.3.1

(1) An Auditor