 penalty notice.

10

(9)

A person, who receives a monetary penalty notice under this section, may refer the matter to the Court for review of–

(a)

the grounds for issuance of the monetary penalty notice;

(b)

the amount of the fine specified in the notice.

(10) Court Procedure Rules may make provision for any reference to the Court under

subsection (9).

(11)

If, within the period specified in the monetary penalty notice–

(a)

the person pays the fine specified in the notice to the Registrar–

(i)

subject to subsection (ii) below, no proceeding or actions pursuant to this Part may be commenced, whether in the Court or otherwise, by the Registrar against the ADGM Person in respect of the relevant contravention; and

(ii)

without prejudice to subsection (i) above, neither the imposition nor payment of a fine shall restrict the Registrar from taking any action against a person or refrain from doing any act or thing in relation to any continuing contravention; or

(b)

if all or any portion of the fine has not been paid at the end of the period stated in a monetary penalty notice, the obligation of the person to pay the fine is enforceable as a debt payable to the Registrar. The Registrar may apply to the Court for the recovery of the debt.

(12)

In this section “prescribed” means prescribed by rules made by the Board pursuant to these Regulations.

(13) Where a fine is imposed on a person under this section, the Registrar may publish, in such manner and for such period as the Registrar may determine, his name and the amount of the fine, and the publication may contain such information in respect of any person named therein, and such ancillary, incidental and supplementary information, as the Registrar may determine.

18A. Fines for late filings3

(1) Where a person commits a contravention of any relevant filing section of these

Regulations, the Registrar may impose a fine of up to level 4.

(2)

For the purpose of this section, “relevant filing section” means any provision under these Regulations where:

(a)

a filing must be sent to the Registrar by the filing deadline stated in the relevant section;

(b)

there is a delay in meeting the applicable filing deadline;

3 Amended on 29 November 2024

11

(c)

such delay resulted in a late filing fee being charged as prescribed in rules made by the Board; and

(d)

the filing remains outstanding after the period for which a late filing fee can be charged pursuant to subsection (c) above.

19.

Certificates

A certificate that is signed by the Registrar and states that a monetary penalty notice prescribing a fine under section 18 was imposed on, a person is–

(a)

conclusive evidence of the giving of the imposition of the notice to the person; and

(b)

prima facie evidence of the facts contained in the direction or the notice,

in any proceeding commenced under sections 18(9) and 18(11)(b).

19A. Notification of removal of beneficial owner

(1) Where the Registrar is notified or becomes aware that a beneficial owner of an ADGM

Person is:

(a)

the subject of a sanction imposed by any government, any entity that is a representative, a constituent part of, or an extension of a sovereign state or a political subdivision thereof, or any entity that is established under international law or the laws of any two or more sovereign states; or

(b)

involved or has been involved in any proceedings that are law enforcement related or criminal, civil, regulatory, tax or administrative in nature, and

the Registrar considers that having such a person as a beneficial owner of an ADGM Person in the ADGM is:

(a)

contrary to these Regulations or any other enactment administered by the Registrar; or

(b)

prejudicial to the interests of the ADGM,

the Registrar may inform the ADGM Person by written notice of such fact and recommend that such a person be removed as a beneficial owner of the ADGM Person.

(2)

The notice referred to in subsection (1) must specify a reasonable period (which may not be less than 10 days) within which the ADGM Person to whom it is given may make representations to the Registrar concerning the status of such beneficial owner.

(3)

The Registrar may extend the period allowed under the notice for making representations.

(4)

If, having