 is in contravention of these Regulations.

5.

Duty of ADGM Person to notify Registrar of changes2

(1) When there has been a relevant change (as defined in subsection 3(3) above), within 15 days of the date on which the ADGM Person is informed of an amendment or change (“filing deadline”), the ADGM Person must submit a notice to the Registrar of the amendment or change and the date on which the underlying event which resulted in the amendment or change occurred, to the best of its knowledge.

(2) Where an ADGM Person defaults in complying with subsection (1) by the relevant filing deadline, the ADGM Person must pay a late filing fee up to the maximum amount prescribed in rules made by the Board.

(3)

An ADGM Person who fails to comply with this section is in contravention of these Regulations.

6.

Duty of ADGM Person to ensure security of information

An ADGM Person must take all reasonable steps to ensure the security and confidentiality of information disclosed to them under these Regulations and must not disclose such information other than in compliance with a duty imposed, or in exercise of a power conferred, under these Regulations or any other law or regulation applicable in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

7.

Duty to retain documents following dissolution, termination and striking off

(1) Where an ADGM Person is dissolved, terminated or struck off, the liquidator, if appointed, must retain the record of beneficial ownership and the record of nominee directors (if any) relating to the ADGM Person as at the date of dissolution, termination or striking off for the minimum retention period and must comply with the requirements of the Registrar issued under these Regulations in that period.

(2)

The Registrar must retain records of beneficial ownership and records of nominee directors referred to in subsection (1) for the same period following the dissolution, termination or striking off of an ADGM Person.

1 Amended on 29 November 2024 2 Amended on 29 November 2024

6

8.

9.

10.

(1)

(2)

11.

(1)

PART 2

ROLE OF THE REGISTRAR

Powers of the Registrar

The Registrar must administer these Regulations and perform the functions and exercise the powers assigned or transferred to the Registrar by or under these Regulations and any other law or regulation applicable in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

Register of Beneficial Owners of Legal Persons and Nominee Directors

The Registrar must establish and maintain a register of the beneficial owners of ADGM Persons to be called the Register of Beneficial Owners of Legal Persons and Nominee Directors in accordance with Part 3 (Register of Beneficial Owners of Legal Persons and Nominee Directors) of these Regulations.

Functions and ancillary powers of the Registrar

The Registrar, having regard to the provisions of this section 10, has the power to do anything that appears to the Registrar to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of or in connection with the exercise of his functions including, without limitation, power:

(a)

to require from an ADGM Person direct access to (by electronic means or otherwise) the record of beneficial owners and the record of nominee directors of that ADGM Person;

(b)

to request and obtain information and documents in accordance with the provisions of section 14;

(c)

to prepare and, subject to any provision to the contrary in these Regulations or any other enactment, to publish information, reports, forms, codes of practice, guidance, recommendations and other documents; and

(d)

to appoint any person or body to advise the Registrar in relation to the exercise of any of his functions.

The provision of information under these Regulations shall not be subject to enhanced disclosure requirements as provided under section 952 of the Companies Regulations.

PART 3

REGISTER OF BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF LEGAL PERSONS AND NOMINEE DIRECTORS

Register of Beneficial Owners of Legal Persons and Nominee Directors and security of information

The Registrar must establish the Register which shall be kept in such form as the Registrar thinks fit and may, without limitation, be kept in electronic form.

7

(2)

(3)

(4)

12.

(1)

(2)

(3)

13.

(1)

Information must be submitted to the Registrar by all ADGM Persons pursuant to sections 4, 5 and 13 of these Regulations, for inclusion in a register maintained by the Registrar (the “Register