)

prejudicial to the interests of the ADGM,

the Registrar may inform the ADGM Person by written notice of such fact and recommend that such a person be removed as a beneficial owner of the ADGM Person.

(2)

The notice referred to in subsection (1) must specify a reasonable period (which may not be less than 10 days) within which the ADGM Person to whom it is given may make representations to the Registrar concerning the status of such beneficial owner.

(3)

The Registrar may extend the period allowed under the notice for making representations.

(4)

If, having considered any representations made by the ADGM Person, the Registrar no longer has any objections relating to subsection 19A(1), it must give the ADGM Person a written notice.

(5)

If, having considered any representations made by the ADGM Person, the Registrar continues to have concerns in relation to subsection 19A(1) and such person has not been removed as a beneficial owner of the ADGM Person, the Registrar may use its powers under the Commercial Licensing Regulations to cancel the licence.

12

(6)

Nothing in this section 19A shall restrict the power of the Registrar to strike the ADGM Person off the register.

PART 5

MISCELLANEOUS

20. Meaning of “beneficial owner”

The meaning of the expression “beneficial owner” and any related expressions for the purposes of these Regulations are prescribed under Schedule 1 (Meaning of Beneficial Owner).

21.

Service of Documents

The provisions of:

(a)

the Companies Regulations (Paper Form) Rules 2015; and

(b)

the Companies Regulations (Electronic Filing) Rules 2015,

shall apply to information submitted to the Registrar pursuant to these Regulations. Such section shall apply irrespective of whether the beneficial owner is a company subject to the Companies Regulations.

22.

Exemption orders

The Board may make rules to provide for:

(a)

specified ADGM Persons; or

(b)

ADGM Persons falling within a specified class,

to be exempt from the obligations prescribed in these Regulations.

23.

Fees payable to the Registrar

(1)

The Board may make rules requiring the payment to the Registrar of such fees in connection with the Registrar’s administration of these Regulations.

(2)

Such rules may prescribe different levels of fees for each ADGM Person.

(3)

Any fee which is owed to the Registrar under any provision made by such rules may be recovered as a debt due to the Registrar.

(4)

The Registrar may refuse to accept information or documentation delivered to it under the terms of these Regulations which is not accompanied by the payment to the Registrar of the fees due on such application.

24.

Guidance

The Registrar may issue such guidance as the Registrar thinks necessary for the purposes of these Regulations and other enactments making provision in respect of beneficial ownership and control.

13

25.

Interpretation

(1)

In these Regulations, unless the context otherwise requires4:

“Abu Dhabi Global Market” has the meaning set forth in the Interpretation Regulations;

“ADGM Person” has the meaning prescribed to it in section 26;

“Board” has the meaning set forth in the Interpretation Regulations;

“beneficial owner” has the meaning prescribed to it in Schedule 1;

“commencement” has the meaning set forth in the Interpretation Regulations;

“Commercial Licensing Regulations” means the Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015;

“Companies Regulations” means the Companies Regulations 2020;

“conduct” includes acts, omissions and statements;

“Court” has the meaning set forth in the Interpretation Regulations;

“Designated Non-Financial Business or Profession (DNFBP)” has the meaning set forth in the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015;

“DLT Foundations Regulations” means Foundations Regulations 2023;

the Distributed Ledger Technology

“documents” means information recorded in any form (including without limitation, in electronic form) and, in relation to information recorded otherwise than in legible form, references to its production, howsoever expressed, include references to the production of the information in hard copy; and a document is sent or supplied in hard copy form if it is sent or supplied in a paper copy or similar form capable of being read;

“enactment” has the meaning set forth in the Interpretation Regulations;

“Financial Institution” has the meaning set forth in the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 201