 documents are produced, to take copies of them or extracts from them, in circumstances where the Registrar is satisfied that the taking of such copies or extracts is necessary for the proper exercise of powers under or in relation to Part 4 (Offences, Fines & Enforcement) of these Regulations; and

(b)

if the documents are not produced, to require the ADGM Person who was required to produce them to state, to the best of his knowledge and belief, where they are.

14.

Submission of information to the Registrar

(1)

Information required to be submitted to the Registrar when requested under these Regulations or any other enactment shall be in such form as may be specified by the Registrar.

(2) Where a person claims a lien on a document, its production under these Regulations

is without prejudice to his lien.

(3)

Subject to subsection 7(2), information shall only be retained by the Registrar for so long as appears to the Registrar reasonably necessary for the purposes for which the information was delivered to the Registrar.

15.

General power of Registrar to reject applications

Notwithstanding that the Registrar is not bound to enquire further as to whether the provisions of these Regulations or any other enactment have been complied with, the Registrar may reject any submission, or other matter submitted to him, on such terms and conditions as the Registrar thinks fit, if it appears to the Registrar that the provisions of these Regulations or any other enactment in respect of that submission or other matter have not been complied with.

PART 4

OFFENCES, FINES & ENFORCEMENT

9

16.

Offences

(1)

An ADGM Person who fails to comply with these Regulations or any rules made under these Regulations commits a contravention and shall be liable to a fine as prescribed under section 18.

(2)

It is a defence for an ADGM Person, charged with failing to comply with a duty imposed on them under these Regulations or any rules made under these Regulations, to prove that the ADGM Person took all reasonable steps to attempt to comply with the duty.

17.

False or misleading information

(1)

It is a contravention of these Regulations for a person knowingly or recklessly:

(a)

to deliver or cause to be delivered to the Registrar, for any purpose of these Regulations, any information or document, or

(b)

to make to the Registrar, for any such purpose, a statement,

that is misleading, false or deceptive in a material particular.

(2)

A person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (1) is liable to a fine as prescribed under section 18.

18.

Fines

(1)

The Board may make rules in respect of the procedures relating to the imposition and recovery of fines under this Part.

(2) Where the Registrar considers that a person has contravened–

(a)

these Regulations; or

(b)

any rules made under these Regulations,

the Registrar, by written notice (a “monetary penalty notice”) to the person, may impose a fine in respect of the contravention.

(3)

A monetary penalty notice is a written notice requiring the person to pay to the Registrar a fine of an amount determined by the Registrar as the Registrar may consider appropriate.

(4)

The amount determined by the Registrar must not exceed a level 7 fine (as specified under the Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015 (Fines) Rules 2020).

(5)

The fine must be paid to the Registrar within the period specified in the monetary penalty notice.

(6)

The monetary penalty notice must contain such information as may be prescribed.

(7)

The monetary penalty notice must specify a reasonable period (which may not be less than 14 days) within which the person to whom it is given may make representations to the Registrar.

(8)

The Registrar may extend the period specified in the monetary penalty notice.

10

(9)

A person, who receives a monetary penalty notice under this section, may refer the matter to the Court for review of–

(a)

the grounds for issuance of the monetary penalty notice;

(b)

the amount of the fine specified in the notice.

(10) Court Procedure Rules may make provision for any reference to the Court under

subsection (9).

(11)

If, within the period specified in the monetary penalty notice–

(a)

the person pays the fine specified in the notice to the Registrar–

(i)

subject to subsection (ii) below, no proceeding or