 entity held by another person are the subject of a joint arrangement between those persons, each of them is treated as holding the combined shares or rights of both of them.

A “joint arrangement” is an arrangement between the holders of shares (or rights) in an ADGM Person or other legal entity that they will exercise all or substantially all the rights conferred by their respective shares (or rights) jointly in a way that is pre- determined by the arrangement.

“arrangement” includes:

(a)

any scheme, agreement or understanding, whether or not it is legally enforceable; and

(b)

any convention, custom or practice of any kind.

A natural person, their spouse, their children under the age of 18 and any other person living with them shall automatically be deemed to be operating under a joint arrangement, and must therefore aggregate their respective holdings of any shares or rights for the purposes of these Regulations.

Calculating shareholdings

A reference in these Regulations to holding shares in an ADGM Person or other legal entity is to holding a right to share in the capital or, as the case may be, profits of that person or other entity, and a reference to holding “25% or more of the shares” in that

21

ADGM Person or other legal entity is to holding a right or rights to share in 25% or more of the capital or, as the case may be, profits of that person or other entity.

8.

Voting rights

(1)

A reference to the voting rights in an ADGM Person or other legal entity is to the rights conferred on its shareholders in respect of their shares (or, in the case of an entity not having a share capital, on its members or officers) to vote at general meetings of the ADGM Person or other entity on all or substantially all matters.

(2)

In relation to an ADGM Person or other legal entity that does not have general meetings at which matters are decided by the exercise of voting rights:

(a)

a reference to exercising voting rights in the ADGM Person or other legal entity is to be read as a reference to exercising rights in relation to a person or entity that are equivalent to those of a person entitled to exercise voting rights in a company; and

(b)

a reference to exercising 25% or more of the voting rights in the ADGM Person or legal entity is to be read as a reference to exercising the right under the constitution of the ADGM Person or entity to block changes to the overall policy of the entity or to the terms of its constitution.

(3)

In applying these Regulations, the voting rights in an ADGM Person or other legal entity are to be reduced by any rights held by the person or entity itself.

9.

Rights to appoint or remove members of the board

A reference to the right to appoint or remove a majority of the board of directors is to the right to appoint or remove directors holding a majority of the voting rights at meetings of the board on all or substantially all matters.

10.

Shares held by nominees

A share held by a person as nominee for another is to be treated for the purposes of these Regulations as held by the other (and not by the nominee).

11.

Rights treated as held by person who controls their exercise

(1) Where a person controls a right, the right is to be treated for the purposes of these Regulations as held by that person (and not by the person who in fact holds the right, unless that person also controls it).

(2)

A person “controls” a right if, by virtue of any arrangement between that person and others, the right is exercisable only:

(a)

by that person;

(b)

in accordance with that person’s directions or instructions; or

(c)

with that person’s consent or concurrence.

12.

Rights exercisable only in certain circumstances

(1)

Rights that are exercisable only in certain circumstances are to be taken into account only:

22

(2)

(3)

13.

(1)

(a)

when the circumstances have arisen, and for so long as they continue to obtain; or

(b)

when the circumstances are within the control of the person having the rights,

but rights that are exercisable by an administrator, administration manager or by creditors while an ADGM Person or other legal entity is in relevant insolvency proceedings are not to be taken into account even while the person or other entity is in those proceedings.

For the purposes of subparagraph