 trustee(s) aside from the ADGM Person. each beneficiary of the trust. any protector or enforcer appointed to the trust.



Note: Control means a power (whether exercisable alone, jointly with another person or with the consent of another person) under the trust instrument or by law to:

dispose of, advance, lend, invest, pay or apply trust property. vary or terminate the trust. - add or remove a person as a beneficiary or to or from a class of beneficiaries. - appoint or remove trustees or give another person control over the trust; and - - direct, withhold consent to or veto the exercise of a power mentioned above.

Example 1:

- ABC Trust Limited is the trustee of XYZ Trust. - ABC Trust Limited is a private company limited by shares with not direct or indirect 25% owners or controllers. Individual 2 is the director of ABC Trust Limited. Individual 3 is the beneficiary of XYZ Trust.

Individual 1 is the settlor of XYZ Trust



Beneficial Owners: Individual 1, Individual 2, and Individual 3 are the beneficial owners.

Example 2:

Individual 1 is the settlor of ABC Trust - Individual 2 is the beneficiary of ABC Trust - Trustee of ABC Trust is registered in a non-ADGM jurisdiction. ABC Trust is not an investment trust. Trustee has only one director.

Beneficial Owners are as follows: Individual 1, Individual 2, and Director 1 of Trustee of ABC Trust.

Example 3:

Individual 1 is the settlor of ABC Trust - Individual 2 is the beneficiary of ABC Trust - Trustee of ABC Trust is registered in non-ADGM jurisdiction. ABC Trust is not an investment trust. Trustee has only three directors. Note: all three directors are required to vote on matters pertaining to ABC Trust together, i.e. none have preferential voting rights.

Beneficial Owners are as follows: Individual 1, Individual 2, and Directors 1, 2, and 3.

Disclaimer

This Guidance (the “Note”) provides answers to many frequently asked questions and provides information on how to identify the beneficial owner of an ADGM legal entity or legal arrangement. This is only a non-binding indicative guide and should be read together with the relevant legislation, in particular, ADGM’s Beneficial Owners and Control Regulations 2022 and any other relevant regulations and enabling rules, which may change over time without notice. The Note only refers to the procedures that need to be completed in relation to the Registrar. It does not cover other requirements as set out in the relevant legislation (which includes contact with the court and other obligations of an applicant). Further advice from a specialist professional may be required. The Registration Authority makes no representations as to accuracy, completeness, correctness or suitability of any information and will not be liable for any error or omission. Information in this Note is not to be deemed, considered or relied upon as legal advice and should not be treated as a substitute for a specific advice concerning any individual situation. Any action taken upon the information provided in this Note is strictly at your own risk and the ADGM Registration Authority will not be liable for any losses and damages in connection with the use of or reliance on information provided in this Note.

For more information, you may contact the Registrar: Telephone No.: 00 971 2 3338777 Email: adgm.registration@adgm.com

Address: 3rd floor, ADGM Building, ADGM Square, Al Maryah Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.