 who owns (in each case whether directly or indirectly), share through holdings or by other means, 25% or more of the shares in the ADGM company;

including

bearer

Limited Partnership Any natural person who owns (in each case whether directly or indirectly), share through holdings or by other means, 25% or more of the equity in the ADGM LLP;

Liability

including

bearer

Limited Partnership

Any natural person who ultimately is entitled to or controls case whether directly or indirectly) 25% or more of the share of the capital or profits of the partnership;

(in

each

Foundations Foundation - -

or DLT

The founder. The foundation council members (except council members that are ADGM registered service

company providers). the guardian, if any. the (if beneficiaries named) or designee (if applicable) in whose main interest the foundation or arrangement has been established or operates; and any person who has control the foundation.

-



over

Note: Control means:



holds,

directly

or

Trust

the settlor of the trust. any trustee(s) aside from an ADGM Person Trustee. each beneficiary of the trust. any protector or enforcer appointed to the trust. - where the persons (or the persons) some of benefiting from the trust have been not determined, the class of in whose main persons trust has interest the been or operates; and any other person who, in the reasonable opinion of the trustee, has control over the trust.

-





established







indirectly, 25% or more of in a the voting rights registered foundation under the Foundations Regulations; directly or holds, including by indirectly, a being means of tokenholder, or 10% more of the voting rights in a foundation registered the DLT under Foundations

Regulations; or holds the right, directly or indirectly, to appoint or remove the foundation’s officers and/or beneficiaries.

Note: Control means a power (whether exercisable alone, jointly with another person or with the consent of another person) under the trust instrument or by law to:











dispose of, advance, invest, pay, or lend, apply trust property. vary or terminate the trust. add or remove a person as a beneficiary or to or of from beneficiaries. appoint remove or trustees or give another person control over the trust; and direct, withhold consent to or veto the exercise of a power above.

a

class

Test 2

Test 3

even if a natural person is identified as the beneficial owner under test 1 above, any natural person who controls the ADGM company other than by positions held the ADGM as officer of company;

Note: Control means natural person that:





holds, or may exercise, directly or indirectly, 25% or more of the the rights voting company; or holds, or may exercise, the right, directly or indirectly, to appoint or remove a majority of the board of directors of the company.

in

if no natural person is identified as the beneficial owner under either test 1 or 2 above, any natural person who holds the

a

even if a natural person is identified as the beneficial owner under test 1 above, any natural person who controls the ADGM LLP other than by positions held as officer of the ADGM LLP;

Note: Control means a natural person that holds, or may exercise, directly or indirectly, 25% or more of the voting rights in the conduct and

management of the LLP.

if no natural person is identified as the beneficial owner under either test 1 or 2 above, any natural person who holds the

even if a natural person is identified under test 1 above, any natural person who is to or ultimately entitled controls case whether directly or indirectly) 25% or more of the voting rights in the partnership;

(in

each

if no natural person is identified as the beneficial owner under test 1 or 2 above, any natural person who holds the position of

Notes:

position of officer of the Company.

Note: Officer is defined as a director, or secretary of the company.

manager,

Where a beneficial owner under test 1 or 2 is a legal person, a partnership (whether or not a legal person), or a legal arrangement, the ultimate natural persons who are the beneficial owners of that person, partnership, or arrangement must be identified, unless it is any of the following:

In any beneficial owner is:

case where

