 policy;

Anti Money Laundering Policy;

Others (please specify).

as well as evidence of monitoring and compliance with such policies and procedures.

B.

Exemptions under the Foundations Regulations 2017

2.4

In accordance with section 18(2) of the Foundations Regulations, a Foundation that has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Registrar to have–

(a)

substantial resources, experience and personnel in the United Arab Emirates, and

(b)

adequate governance policies and procedures, in each case as may be specified by rules made by the Board or guidance issued by the Registrar,

need not have a Company Service Provider.

3.

SUBSTANTIAL RESOURCES, EXPERIENCE AND PERSONNEL

3.1

Applications seeking exempt status under paragraph 2.4 above are required to include supporting documents demonstrating substantial resources, experience and personnel of the legal entities directly or indirectly owned and/or controlled by the founder of the ADGM foundation. A non-exhaustive list of documents or information required by the Registrar:

Copies of the current commercial licenses (or similar document) issued by the local relevant regulatory authorities of operational legal entities currently operating in the UAE.

List of the assets – physical assets, buildings, machinery, factories.



Information on the number of personnel employed by the operating legal entities and annual turnover.

Copies of the current ‘establishment card’ (also known as ‘immigration card’) of each operating legal entity along with the list of the UAE residency visas issued for each legal entity/commercial license holder.

Organization structure for each operating legal entity clearly demonstrating governance structure and number of full time employees in each operating entity within the group chart.

Links to the company’s website where information on the board of directors and board committee can be found. Alternatively, please provide information indicating board of directors’ composition and board committees’ structure, including members of the committees, governance of the decisions and reporting lines within the structure.

Detailed description of the resources available in the compliance and/or in-house legal department or company secretarial division showing number of full time employees, along with their professional qualifications and roles held.

Other information which may demonstrate that the applicant holds substantial assets.

4.

ADEQUATE GOVERNANCE POLICIES AND PROCEDURES

4.1

Please see below non-exhaustive list of documents or information required by the Registrar:

VER1.0-08042021

Page 5 of 7

Guidance on Exemptions from the Requirement to Appoint a Company Service Provider

Business ethics policy;

Corporate Governance policy or statement/structure;

Compliance policy;

Bribery and corruption policy;

Economic substance policy;

Risk management policy;

Anti-Money Laundering Policy;

Others (please specify).

as well as evidence of monitoring and compliance with such policies and procedures.

5.

REGISTRAR’S DISCRETION

The Registrar reserves the right to request additional information to assess whether or not the applicant should be exempt from appointing a CSP.

i Pursuant to section 1015(1) of Regulations, meaning of ‘subsidiary’ is as follows: (1) A company is a “subsidiary” of another company, its “holding company”, if that other company– (a) holds a majority of the voting rights in it, or (b) is a member of it and has the right to appoint or remove a majority of its board of directors, or (c) is a member of it and controls alone, pursuant to an agreement with other members, a majority of the voting rights in it, or if it is a subsidiary of a company that is itself a subsidiary of that other company.

ii Pursuant to section 1017(1) of Regulations, meaning of ‘undertaking’ is as follows: (1) In these Regulations “undertaking” means–(a) a body corporate or partnership, or (b) an unincorporated association carrying on a trade or business, with or without a view to profit. See also section 1018 of Regulations.

iii Please lodge copies of the current commercial licenses issued in the UAE, latest audited accounts, information abou t number of visas issued under each commercial license, any other information that can demonstrate assets, turnover and employees in the UAE.

VER1.0-08042021

Page 6 of 7

Guidance on Exemptions from the Requirement to Appoint a Company Service Provider

For more