Guidance on Exemptions from the Requirement to Appoint a Company Service Provider

Registration Authority

April 2021

Guidance on Exemptions from the Requirement to Appoint a Company Service Provider

1.

INTRODUCTION

Introduction to Abu Dhabi Global Market

1.1. Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM) is an international financial centre established pursuant to Abu Dhabi Law No. 4 of 2013 in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi. With its own civil and commercial laws based on English common law, ADGM offers the local, regional and international business community a world-class legal system and regulatory regime.

1.2

The ADGM Registration Authority (RA) is the commercial regulator of the ADGM. It is responsible for the licensing, registration and incorporation of entities seeking to establish a presence in the ADGM as well as monitoring and enforcing the ADGM’s commercial legislation and facilitating government services.

Guidance overview and application

1.3

This Guidance is issued under section 936(2) of the Companies Regulations 2020 (Regulations) to elaborate on the exemptions from the requirement to appoint a Company Service Provider (CSP).

2.

EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REQUIREMENT TO APPOINT A COMPANY SERVICE PROVIDER

A.

Exemptions under the Companies Regulations 2020

2.1

In accordance with subsection 296A(3) of the Regulations, as amended by the Companies Regulations (Amendment No. 1) 2021, a body corporate that is a subsidiaryi undertakingii of any of the following need not have a company service provider–

(a)

persons exempt under the Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015 (Exemptions) Order 2020;

(b)

an authorised person within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015;

(c)

persons licensed or regulated by the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates;

(d)

a company whose shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the United Arab Emirates, including in ADGM; or

(e)

a company that has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Registrar to have adequate presence in the United Arab Emirates.

2.2

For the purposes of assessing whether a company has demonstrated adequate presence in the United Arab Emirates under section 296A(3)(e), the Registrar -

(a)

shall have regard to, among other things:-

(i)

the company’s assets, turnover and employees in the United Arab Emiratesiii,

(ii)

the company’s governance policies and procedures,

(iii) any rules made by the Board or guidance issued by the Registrar in this regard;

and

(b)

may require such further information and supporting documentation as it considers appropriate.

Examples of each of these are set out in Table A, below.

VER1.0-08042021

Page 2 of 7

Guidance on Exemptions from the Requirement to Appoint a Company Service Provider

Note: for applications seeking exempt status under paragraph 2.1(e) above, please include the supporting documents demonstrating the items listed in 2.2(a)(i) and (ii) above with this application. The Registrar reserves the right to request additional information to assess whether or not the applicant should be exempt from appointing a company service provider.

Table A – Examples

Description

Explanation who falls into this category

(a) persons exempt under the ADGM Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015 (Exemptions) Order 2020

A body corporate established pursuant to (i) any law or decree issued by His Highness the Rule of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi (including the ADGM Founding Law), or (ii) any Federal Law (other than Federal Law No. 8 of 1984 concerning Commercial Companies, as the same may be amended or re-enacted from time to time).

A body corporate that is a subsidiary undertaking of a body corporate specified in paragraph above. The Development and Association, commonly known as the “World Bank”.

International Bank

for Reconstruction and International Development

the

(b) an authorised person within

the meaning of the ADGM Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015

A legal entity currently registered in ADGM holding a current Financial Services Permit issued by ADGM Financial Services Regulatory Authority

(c) persons licensed or regulated by the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates

Legal entities holding a valid license or authorisation, as applicable, issued by UAE Central Bank. For the current list of the