 undertaking of a body corporate specified in paragraph above. The Development and Association, commonly known as the “World Bank”.

International Bank

for Reconstruction and International Development

the

(b) an authorised person within

the meaning of the ADGM Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015

A legal entity currently registered in ADGM holding a current Financial Services Permit issued by ADGM Financial Services Regulatory Authority

(c) persons licensed or regulated by the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates

Legal entities holding a valid license or authorisation, as applicable, issued by UAE Central Bank. For the current list of the financial institutions currently licensed by the UAE Central Bank, please refer here: https://www.centralbank.ae/en/financial-institutions

(d) a company whose shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the United Arab Emirates, including in Abu Dhabi Global Market

Legal entities whose shares are admitted to the following regulated markets in the UAE:

https://www.adx.ae/English/Pages/default.aspx

https://www.dfm.ae/

https://www.nasdaqdubai.com/

Other UAE regulated markets

(e) a company that has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Registrar to have adequate presence in the United Arab Emirates

Please refer to the next section

VER1.0-08042021

Page 3 of 7

Guidance on Exemptions from the Requirement to Appoint a Company Service Provider

Demonstrating adequate presence in the United Arab Emirates

2.3

There is also an exemption for a company that has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Registrar to have adequate presence in the United Arab Emirates, having regard to, among other things,

(i)

the company’s assets, turnover and employees in the United Arab Emirates*,

(ii)

he company’s governance, policies and procedures**, and

(iii)

any rules made by the Board or guidance issued by the Registrar in this regard.

In order to demonstrate to the Registrar that the company has sufficient assets, turnover and employees, please see below a non-exhaustive list of documents or information required by the Registrar:

Copies of the current valid commercial licenses (or similar document) issued by the local relevant regulatory authorities of operational legal entities currently operating in the UAE.

Copies of the latest audited accounts of the operational entities in the UAE or elsewhere.

List of the company’s assets– physical assets, buildings, machinery, factories.



Information on the number of employees employed by the company and annual turnover per company per financial year.

Copies of the current ‘establishment card’ (also known as ‘immigration card’) of each operating legal entity along with the list of the UAE residency visas issued for each legal entity/commercial license holder.

The organization structure for each operating legal entity clearly demonstrating governance structure and number of full time employees in each operating entity within the group chart.

Links to the company’s website where information on the board of directors and board committee can be found. Alternatively, please provide information indicating board of directors’ composition and board committees’ structure, including members of the committees, governance of the decisions and reporting lines within the structure.

A detailed description of the resources available in the compliance and/or in-house legal department or company secretarial division indicating the number of full time employees, along with their professional qualifications and roles held.

Any other information which may demonstrate that the company holds substantial assets.

**In order to demonstrate to the Registrar the company’s governance, policies and procedures, please see below non-exhaustive list of documents or information required by the Registrar:

Business ethics policy;

Corporate Governance policy or statement/structure;

Compliance policy;

Bribery and corruption policy;

Economic substance policy;

VER1.0-08042021

Page 4 of 7

Guidance on Exemptions from the Requirement to Appoint a Company Service Provider

Risk management policy;

Anti Money Laundering Policy;

Others (please specify).

as well as evidence of monitoring and compliance with such policies and procedures.

B.

Exemptions under the Foundations Regulations 2017

2.4

In accordance with section 18(2) of the Foundations Regulations, a Foundation that has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Registrar to have–

(a)

substantial resources, experience and personnel in the United Arab Emirates, and

(b)

adequate governance policies and procedures, in each case as may be specified by rules made by the Board or guidance issued by the Registrar,

need