9: DFSA POWERS IN RELATION TO A FUND

68.

Powers of supervision

(1) Without limiting the generality of the DFSA powers under Part 5 of the Regulatory Law 2004, the DFSA may, at any time, require from the Fund Manager and where appointed the Trustee of a Domestic Fund, such information as is necessary or deemed necessary to ascertain whether the Fund and the Fund Manager or if appointed Trustee are complying with the Fund's Constitution or Prospectus and with any relevant provisions of or made under any legislation administered by the DFSA.

(2)

The Fund Manager and where appointed the Trustee shall comply with any such request for information within any time limit specified by the DFSA.

69.

Stop orders

(1)

If the DFSA is satisfied that:

(a)

any Prospectus or other document referred to in Article 56(1)(a) is misleading or deceptive;

(b)

any dealings in a Unit in a Domestic Fund would contravene or have contravened this Law or the Rules;

(c)

the Fund Manager is operating a type of, or specialist class of, a Domestic Fund for which it is not authorised under its Licence;

(d)

due to exceptional circumstances it is in the interest of the Unitholders in the Fund;

(e)

it is in the interests of the DIFC; or

(f)

the Fund Manager has failed to comply with a direction given under Article 27(4);

the DFSA may issue a stop order directing that no Offers, issues, redemptions, sales or transfers of the Units of the Fund be made for such a period of time as it thinks appropriate.

(2)

The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law 2004 apply to a decision of the DFSA under this Article. The DFSA shall give both the Fund Manager and the Trustee (if appointed) the opportunity to make representations under those procedures.

(3)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under this Article, the Fund Manager or the Trustee (if appointed) may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

36

PART 10: THE FINANCIAL MARKETS TRIBUNAL

70.

Deleted

71.

Jurisdiction of the FMT in relation to regulatory proceedings

The FMT has jurisdiction to hear and determine any regulatory proceeding in relation to an issue arising out of an Offer of Units of a Fund or in respect of the management and operation of a Fund.

37

PART 11: DELETED

PART 12: MISCELLANEOUS

72.

Fees

The DFSA may make Rules providing for the payment of fees to the DFSA as provided for in Article 16 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

73.

Filing of material with the DFSA

Without in any way limiting the generality of the Article 115 of the Regulatory Law 2004, the DFSA may by means of Rules require the filing of certain material, including without limitation, in relation to applications for registration, notification, constitutional documents, Prospectuses, and other documents.

38

1.

2.

SCHEDULE 1 INTERPRETATION

Rules of interpretation

(1)

In the Law, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to:

(a)

a provision of a law or of an instrument made under a law includes a reference to the provision as amended or re-enacted from time to time;

(b)

a person includes any natural person, body corporate or body incorporated, including a company, partnership, unincorporated association, government or state;

(c)

an obligation to publish or cause to be published a particular document shall, unless expressly provided otherwise in the Law, include publishing or causing to be published in printed or electronic form;

(d)

unless stated otherwise, a day means a calendar day. If an obligation falls on a calendar day which is either a Saturday or Sunday or an official State holiday in the DIFC, the obligation shall take effect on the next calendar day which is a business day;

(e)

a calendar year shall mean a year of the Gregorian calendar; and

(f)

the masculine gender includes the feminine; and

(g)

any reference to ‘dollars’ or ‘$’ is a reference to United States Dollars.

(2)

The headings in the Law shall not affect its interpretation.

Legislation in the DIFC

References to legislation and Guidance in