 country or territory recognised under this Article shall be a “Recognised Jurisdiction” and the DFSA shall publish a list of such jurisdictions by means of a written notice. The DFSA may remove from that list any jurisdiction or Fund where the DFSA is no longer satisfied that the jurisdiction or Fund meets the criteria in Article 55(2).

(4)

Any Foreign Fund designated under this Article shall be a “Designated Fund” and a description of such a Fund shall be included in the list referred to in Article 55(3).

(5)

Any notice issued under this Article may contain such limitations or restrictions as the DFSA considers appropriate and make different provisions for different cases.

29

Chapter 4: Misconduct in relation to Domestic and Foreign Funds

56. Misleading and deceptive statements

(1)

A person shall not make an Offer of Units if there is:

(a)

a misleading or deceptive statement in:

(i)

the relevant Prospectus;

(ii)

any application form that accompanies the relevant Prospectus; or

(iii)

any other document that relates to the Offer, or the application form;

(b)

an omission from any document specified in Article 56(1)(a) of information that is required to be stated or that is necessary to make the statement not misleading or deceptive; or

(c)

a new circumstance that under the Law or the Rules requires a Supplementary or Replacement Prospectus to be published or issued and this has not been published or issued.

(2)

A person shall not, in or from the DIFC, make a misleading or deceptive statement in relation to a Fund or in connection with an Offer of Units, whether in the DIFC or elsewhere.

(3)

This Article does not apply to conduct which occurs outside the DIFC unless the conduct affects the DIFC markets or users of the DIFC markets.

57.

Defences to misconduct

(1)

A person does not commit a contravention of Article 56, if that person proves that he:

(a)

made all inquiries that were reasonable in the circumstances; and

(b)

after doing so, believed on reasonable grounds that the statement or omission was not misleading or deceptive.

(2)

A person does not commit a contravention of Article 56, if that person proves that reasonable reliance was placed on information given to that person by:

(a)

if the person is a body corporate, someone other than a director, employee or agent of that body corporate; or

(b)

if the person is a natural person, someone other than an employee or agent of that individual.

30

58.

(3)

For the purposes of Article 57(2), a person does not become an agent of another person simply because he performs a particular professional or advisory function for the person.

Liability for misleading statements

(1)

Any person prescribed in the Rules made by the DFSA as being responsible for a Prospectus is liable to pay compensation to another person who has acquired Units to which the Prospectus relates and who has suffered loss or damage arising from any untrue, deceptive or misleading statement in the Prospectus or the omission from it of any material matter required to have been included in the Prospectus under the Law or Rules.

(2)

The DFSA may make Rules prescribing circumstances in which a person who would otherwise be liable under Article 58(1) will not be so liable.

(3)

Nothing in this Article affects the powers, rights or liabilities that any person may have apart from this Article including the power to institute proceedings under Article 94 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

(4)

Nothing in this Article prevents a person who suffers any loss or damage arising from acting in reliance on any untrue, deceptive or misleading statement made in relation to a Fund or in connection with an Offer of Units by a person other than those referred to in Article 58(1) from being able to recover any loss suffered by that person as a result of relying on such statements.

31

PART 8: TRANSFER SCHEMES AND WINDING UP OF DOMESTIC FUNDS

59.

Application of this Part to Protected Cell Companies

(1) Where a Domestic Fund uses the form of a Protected Cell Company, the provisions in this Part also apply to individual cells of that company as if each cell were a separate Fund, except where otherwise provided in the Constitution or Prospectus of that Fund in accordance with this Law and any other