 in Article 13(3)of this Law a Collective Investment Fund.

Is the person referred to in Article 20(4) of this Law. a person who is, or a body of persons who together form the directing mind of a Fund including but not limited to:

a)

its Fund Manager, a member of its main or supervisory board, a General Partner; or

b)

any other person or body of persons exercising equivalent powers and functions in relation to directing the management and operation of a Fund.

has the meaning given in the DIFC Companies Law or Regulations made for the purposes of that law. has the meaning given in the DIFC Companies Law or Regulations made for the purposes of that law. has the meaning prescribed in the Rules made under the Regulatory Law 2004.

an Open or Closed ended company established for the main purpose of collective investment which is incorporated under the DIFC Companies Law and the Regulations made under that Law and includes a Protected Cell Company and an Incorporated Cell of an Incorporated Cell Company.

a limited partnership established for the main purpose is formed and investment which of collective registered under the DIFC Limited Partnership Law.

41

Terms

Definitions

Investment Trust

a trust created under the DIFC Investment Trust Law for the main purpose of collective investment.

Islamic Fund

a Fund whose entire Fund operations are, or are intended to be, conducted in accordance with Shari’a.

Law

the Collective Investment Law 2010.

Licence

Listed Fund

a licence granted by the DFSA under Chapter 2 of Part 3 of the Regulatory Law 2004. a Fund whose Units have been admitted to the Official List of Securities of an Authorised Market Institution.

Official List of Securities

a list of Securities maintained by an Authorised Market Institution in accordance with the Markets Law 2012 and any Rules made for the purposes of that law.

Open-ended Fund

Has the meaning given in Article 18A(2).

Private Placement

an Offer made to a Person who is likely to be interested in the Offer having regard to:

(a) previous contact between the Person making the

Offer and that Person;

(b) a professional or other connection between the Person making the Offer and that Person; or

(c)

that statements or actions by indicate that he is interested in Offers of that kind.

that Person

Privileged Communication a communication attracting a privilege arising from the provision of professional legal advice and any other advice or from the relationship of lawyer and client or other similar relationship, but does not include a general duty of confidentiality.

Prospectus

has the meaning given in Article 50(3) of this Law.

Protected Cell Company

has the meaning given in the DIFC Companies Law or Regulations made for the purposes of that law.

Public Fund

has the meaning given in Article 16(1)of this Law.

Qualified Investor Fund

has the meaning given in Article 16(5) of this Law.

Recognised Jurisdiction

a jurisdiction which has been recognised by the

42

Terms

Registered Auditor

Regulator

Ruler

Rules

Schedule Securities

Special Resolution

State Trustee Unit

Unitholder

Definitions

DFSA under Article 55 of this Law.

Has the meaning given to that term in Article 97(b) of the Regulatory Law 2004.

the competent authority of a Recognised Jurisdiction which is responsible for regulating financial services in that jurisdiction. the ruler of the Emirate of Dubai.

has the meaning given in Article 2(e) of Schedule 1 to this Law.

a schedule to the Law. has the meaning prescribed in the rules made under the Regulatory Law 2004. in relation to a Domestic Fund, a resolution passed by a majority of not less than 75% of the votes validly cast (whether on a show of hands or on a poll) for and against the resolution at a general meeting or class meeting of Unitholders, of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been duly given. United Arab Emirates a person described in Article 21(1) of this Law. a Unit or share representing the rights or interests of Unitholders in a Fund and includes a right or interest in such a Unit. in relation to a Fund, means any holder of a Unit in the Fund, otherwise known as a ‘participant’.

43