 buffer that a SIB must maintain under section 3.9B.

HLA Capital Buffer Requirement

The requirement to maintain a higher loss absorbency capital buffer under section 3.9B.

HLA Ratio

In relation to a SIB, means the ratio determined by the DFSA under Rule 3.9B.6 for that SIB.

ICR (Individual Capital Requirement)

Individual capital requirement.

Implicit Support

Arises when an Authorised Firm provides support to a securitisation in excess of its predetermined contractual obligation.

Individual Liquidity Requirement

An individual liquidity requirement imposed by the DFSA under Rule 9.3.6.

Interest Rate Risk Capital Requirement

A component of Market Risk Capital Requirement and calculated in accordance with section 5.4.

Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP)

The internal capital adequacy assessment process prescribed in chapter 10.

Internal Risk Assessment Process (IRAP)

The internal risk assessment process prescribed in section 10.3.

Investment Grade

A credit rating which is a Credit Quality Grade of 1, 2 or 3.

Large Exposure

Has the meaning given in Rule 4.15.4.

LCR Requirement

The LCR required to be maintained by an Authorised Firm under Rule 9.3.4 or, if applicable, under Rule 9.3.6.

Leverage Ratio

The amount expressed as a percentage that is calculated in accordance with the Rules in section 3.18.

14

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Leverage Ratio Exposure Measure

The value of an Authorised Firm’s exposures calculated in accordance with Rule 3.18.3 to determine its Leverage Ratio.

Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)

The amount expressed as a percentage that is calculated in accordance with Rule 9.3.5 and section A9.2 of App 9.

Liquidity Risk

The risk of loss to an Authorised Firm as a result of inability to meet its obligations as they fall due.

Market Risk

The risk of loss that arises from fluctuations in the values of, or income from, assets or in interest or exchange rates.

Market Risk Capital Requirement

The requirement calculated in accordance with Rule 5.3.1.

Maturity Ladder

A table that ordinally ranks the maturity time bands and assets and liabilities within them.

Maturity Method

This is an advanced approach that an Authorised Firm may use to measure the risk of holding or taking positions in debt Securities and other interest rate-related instruments, calculated in accordance with Rule A5.2.17.

MDB

Multilateral Development Bank

Modified Duration

The time period calculation for the purposes of the Duration Method in accordance with Rule A5.2.21.

Multilateral Development Bank

An institution created by a group of countries that:

(a)

provides financing and professional advice for economic and social development projects;

(b)

has a large sovereign membership; and

(c)

has its own independent legal and operational status.

MV

Market value

Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)

The amount, expressed as a percentage, calculated in accordance with Rule 9.3.12, or, if applicable, Rule 9.3.6.

Netting

A process by which the claims and obligations between two Counterparties are offset against each other to leave a single net sum.

Netting Set

Has the meaning given in PIB Rule A4.8.1(g).

15

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Non-Financial Private Sector Credit Exposure

A Credit Risk Exposure to a party other than:

(a) a sovereign;

(b) a regional, provincial or municipal government;

(c) a public sector entity;

(d) a multilateral development bank; or

(e) a bank.

Non-Trading Book

Describes positions, Exposures and on-and off-balance sheet items, which are not in the Trading Book.

NP

Nominal principal amount.

NSFR Requirement

The requirement for an Authorised Firm to maintain a minimum NSFR under Rule 9.3.12(1) or, if applicable, Rule 9.3.6.

