 provider of the occurrence of a credit event; and

(k)

the underlying obligation and the reference obligation specified in the Credit Derivative contract for the purpose of determining the cash settlement value or the deliverable obligation or for the purpose of determining whether a credit event has occurred may be different only if:

(i)

the reference obligation ranks pari passu with or is junior to the underlying obligation; and

(ii)

the underlying obligation and reference obligation share the same obligor (i.e. the same legal entity) and legally enforceable cross- default or cross-acceleration clauses are in place.

(2)

Where the credit event under (1)(f) does not include the restructuring of the underlying obligation under (1)(f)(iii), an Authorised Firm may partly recognise the effects of Credit Risk mitigation of any Credit Derivative as follows:

(a)

if the amount that the protection provider has undertaken to pay is lower than or equal to the amount of the Exposure, the Authorised Firm may recognise 60% of the value of the Credit Risk mitigation; or

(b)

if the amount that the protection provider has undertaken to pay is higher than the amount of the Exposure, the Authorised Firm may recognise the Credit Risk mitigation up to 60% of the Exposure value.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Firm should not recognise the effects of Credit Risk mitigation of a total return swap if it purchases credit protection through a total return swap and records the net payments received on the swap as net income, but does not record offsetting deterioration in the value of the underlying asset that is protected (either through reductions in its marked- to-market value or by an addition to reserves).

2.

The DFSA would generally consider the requirements in (f) to have been complied with even if the requirements are not specifically set out so long as the obligations of the credit protection provider under the Credit Derivative contract would include those requirements.

3.

The DFSA would generally consider the cash settlement methodology provided in the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as satisfying the requirement for obtaining post-credit event valuations of the underlying obligation.

139

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Currency mismatches

4.13.13 In a case where there is a currency mismatch between the credit protection and the underlying Exposure, an Authorised Firm using the FCCA or credit protection in the form of a guarantee or credit derivative must reduce the amount of the Exposure deemed to be protected by applying a haircut, as follows:

Protected portion GA = G ∙ (1 − HFX)

where:

G =

notional amount of the credit protection

HFX = 8% (based on ten-business days holding period), unless the credit protection is not marked-to-market daily, in which case an Authorised Firm must scale 𝐻𝐹𝑋 in accordance with Rule A4.3.10

Guidance

Currency mismatches are allowed under all approaches. Under the FCSA there is no specific treatment for currency mismatches, given that a minimum risk weight of 20% (floor) is generally applied.

Maturity mismatches

4.13.14 (1)

Subject to (2), an Authorised Firm may recognise the effects of Credit Risk mitigation for an Exposure where there is a maturity mismatch only if the Credit Risk mitigant has an Original Maturity of at least one year and a residual maturity of at least three months. For the purposes of calculating Credit RWA, a maturity mismatch occurs when the residual maturity of the Credit Risk mitigant is less than that of the underlying Exposure.

(2)

An Authorised Firm using FCSA must not recognise the effects of Credit Risk mitigation of any Collateral with a maturity mismatch.

4.13.15 (1)

An Authorised Firm must determine the maturity of the underlying Exposure and the maturity of the Credit Risk mitigant conservatively. The residual maturity of the underlying Exposure must be gauged as the longest possible remaining time before the Counterparty is scheduled to fulfil its obligation, taking into account any applicable grace period.

(2)

In the case of Credit Risk mitigant, embedded options which may reduce the term of the credit protection must be taken into account so that the shortest possible residual maturity is used. Where a call is at the discretion of the protection seller, the residual maturity will be