ised Firm’s Risk Weighted Assets and must constitute only CET1 Capital.

3.9.4

(1)

An Authorised Firm must maintain the required buffer amount, calculated in accordance with Rule 3.9.3, at all times.

(2)

The Capital Conservation Buffer Requirement applies on both a solo and a consolidated basis for Authorised Firms forming part of Financial Groups.

3.9.5

An Authorised Firm must not apply CET1 Capital that it maintains to meet the Capital Conservation Buffer Requirement towards meeting:

(a)

any Individual Capital Requirement the DFSA may impose on it pursuant to chapter 10;

(b)

its Risk Capital Requirement;

(c)

its Countercyclical Capital Buffer Requirement; or

(d)

its HLA Capital Buffer Requirement.

3.9A Countercyclical Capital Buffer (CCyB)

Guidance

1.

This section sets out when an Authorised Firm must maintain a Countercyclical Capital Buffer (CCyB) and how the buffer is calculated.

2.

A Countercyclical Capital Buffer is intended to take into account the macro-financial environment in which firms operate. If national authorities consider that excess credit growth has led to a build-up of system-wide risk, they can impose this measure to ensure the financial system has a buffer of capital to protect it against future potential losses.

3.

An Authorised Firm will need to maintain a Countercyclical Capital Buffer only if it has a credit exposure in a jurisdiction where a CCyB Authority has imposed a CCyB Rate.

4.

The Countercyclical Capital Buffer is in addition to the capital required under the Risk Capital Requirement and the Capital Conservation Buffer Requirement.

3.9A.1 This section applies to an Authorised Firm if it:

(a)

is in Category 1, 2 (other than a Matched Principal) or 5; and

(b) has a Non-Financial Private Sector Credit Exposure in a jurisdiction for which

a CCyB Rate applies.

Countercyclical Capital Buffer Requirement

3.9A.2 An Authorised Firm must maintain a Countercyclical Capital Buffer of CET1 Capital

that is calculated using the formula:

CCyB = CCyB Rate x RWA

where:

48

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(a)

“CCyB” is the Countercyclical Capital Buffer that the Authorised Firm must maintain;

(b)

“CCyB Rate” is the weighted average of Countercyclical Capital Buffer Rates, calculated in accordance with Rule 3.9A.5, that apply in jurisdictions in which the Authorised Firm has Non-Financial Private Sector Credit Exposures; and

(c)

“RWA” is the value of the Authorised Firm’s Risk Weighted Assets.

Guidance

1.

The CCyB Requirement applies to credit exposures of an Authorised Firm that are ‘Non- Financial Private Sector Risk Exposures’. Rule 1.2.1 defines that expression to exclude credit exposures to other banks or to sovereigns, government bodies or agencies, or multilateral development banks.

2.

An Authorised Firm will need to follow the following steps to calculate its CCyB Requirement:

a. identify the jurisdictions in which it has Non- Financial Private Sector Credit Exposures

(Rule 3.9A.6 sets out how to determine the location of an exposure);

b. identify if a CCyB Rate applies in that jurisdiction and, if so, the date on which it takes effect

(see Rules 3.9A.7 to 3.9A.9);

c. determine the weighted average of CCyB Rates applying to it (see Rule 3.9A.5); and

d. multiply the weighted average by the value of its Risk Weighted Assets.

3.9A.3 An Authorised Firm must not apply CET1 Capital that it maintains to meet the

Countercyclical Capital Buffer Requirement towards meeting:

(a)

its Risk Capital Requirement;

(b)

its Capital Conservation Buffer Requirement;

(c)

an HLA Capital Buffer Requirement; or

(d)

an Individual Capital Requirement that the DFSA may impose on it under chapter 10.

3.9A.4 The Countercyclical Capital Buffer