 employed by the Authorised Firm are up-to-date, including periodic assessment of Credit Risk mitigants such as guarantees and Collateral;

(c)

review all material concentrations in its credit portfolio and report the findings of such reviews to the Governing Body; and

(d)

measure Credit Risk (including to measure Credit Risk of off-balance sheet products such as Derivatives in credit equivalent terms) and monitor the condition of individual credits to facilitate identification of problem credits and to determine the adequacy of provisions and reserves.

The Credit Risk management system and, in particular, the systems, policies and processes aimed at classification of credits, monitoring and identification of problem credits, management of problem credits and provisioning for them must include all the on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet credit Exposures of the Authorised Firm.

Guidance

An Authorised Firm should ensure that its loan portfolio is properly classified and has an effective early-warning system for problem loans.

(1)

An Authorised Firm must establish clearly defined criteria for identifying its problem credits and/or impaired assets which ensure that credits are classified as impaired in all cases where there is some reason to believe that all amounts due (including principal and interest) will, or may, not be collected in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement.

(2)

For the purpose of (1), and subject to (3), an Authorised Firm must categorise its credits into five categories as detailed in the following table, where credits in the substandard, doubtful and loss categories must be considered as problem credits:

Standard

includes credits with no element of uncertainty about timely repayment of the outstanding amounts, including principal and interest. Credits are currently in regular payment status with prompt payments.

95

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Special mention

includes credits with deteriorating or potentially deteriorating credit quality which, may adversely affect the borrower’s ability to make scheduled payments on time. The credits in this category warrant close attention by the Authorised Firm.

Substandard

includes credits which exhibit definitive deterioration in credit quality and impaired debt servicing capacity of the borrower.

Doubtful

includes credits which show strong credit quality in substandard deterioration, worse category, to the extent that the prospect of full recovery of all the outstanding amounts from the credit is questionable and consequently the probability of a credit loss is high, though the exact amount of loss cannot be determined yet.

than

those

Loss

includes credits which are assessed as uncollectable and credits with very low potential for recoverability of amounts due.

(3)

An Authorised Firm may also have in place a more detailed credit grading system provided it can address the categories detailed in (2).

Guidance

1. With respect to the ratings above, Authorised Firms should consider Exposures as classified special mention, substandard, doubtful and loss where the loans are contractually in arrears for a minimum number of days of 30, 60, 90- 120 and 120-180 days respectively. Authorised Firms should also consider the treatments as set out in Rule 4.5.7 (Evergreening). Credits exhibiting the following categories should be included in the special mention category.

a.

a declining trend in the operations of the borrower or in the borrower’s ability to continue to generate cash required for repayment of the credit;

b.

any signals which indicate a potential weakness in the financial position of the borrower, but not to the point at which repayment capacity is definitely impaired; or

c.

business, economic or market conditions that may unfavourably affect the profitability and business of the borrower in the near to medium term.

3.

Credits exhibiting the following categories should be included in the substandard category.

a.

inability of the borrower to meet contractual repayment terms of the credit facility;

b.

unfavourable economic and market conditions or operating problems that would affect the profitability and cash flow generation of the borrower;

c.

weak financial condition or the inability of the borrower to generate sufficient cash flow to service the payments.;

d.

difficulties experienced by the borrower in servicing its other debt obligations; or

e.

breach of any financial covenants by the borrower.

96

PIB/VER50/07-25

4.5.5

4.5.6

4.5.7

4