%.

4.11.5 An Authorised Firm must not recognise the effects of Credit Risk mitigation if such mitigation is already reflected in the issue-specific external credit assessment of the CR Exposure.

4.11.6 Where a CR Exposure has an issue-specific external credit assessment from a recognised ECAI, an Authorised Firm must use such assessment. Where a CR Exposure does not have an issue-specific external credit assessment, an Authorised Firm must:

107

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(a)

if there is an issue-specific external credit assessment for another Exposure to the same obligor, use the issue-specific assessment for the other Exposure only if the Exposure without an issue-specific assessment ranks pari passu with or is senior to the Exposure with the issue-specific assessment;

(b)

if the obligor has an Issuer external credit assessment, use the Issuer assessment of the obligor only if the Exposure without an issue-specific assessment ranks pari passu with or is senior to any unsecured claim that is not subordinated to any other claim on the obligor; or

(c)

in all other cases, apply a risk weight equal to the higher of the risk weight that is applicable to an unrated Exposure and the risk weight associated with the external credit assessment, if any, of the obligor or another Exposure to the same obligor.

4.11.7 Where a CR Exposure is risk-weighted in accordance with Rules 4.11.6(a) or (b), an Authorised Firm may use a domestic currency external credit assessment only if the CR Exposure is denominated in that domestic currency.

4.11.8 An Authorised Firm may use an external credit assessment to risk weight a CR Exposure only if the external credit assessment has taken into account and reflects the entire amount of Credit Risk Exposure the Authorised Firm has with regard to all payments owed to it.

4.11.9 An Authorised Firm must not use unsolicited external credit assessments to assign

any CR Exposure to a Credit Quality Grade, unless:

(a)

it has assessed the quality of the unsolicited external credit assessments that it intends to use and is satisfied that these are comparable in performance with solicited external credit assessments and maintains relevant records and documents to be made available to the DFSA upon request; and

(b)

it uses unsolicited external credit assessments consistently for each type of Exposures, for both risk weighting and risk management purposes.

4.11.10 An Authorised Firm must not use an external credit assessment which incorporates assumptions of implicit government support, unless the credit assessment refers to a bank owned by or set up and sponsored by that government.

4.11.11 By way of derogation, during the period from 1 January 2025 to and including 31

December 2029, an Authorised Firm is not required to comply with Rule 4.11.10.

4.12 Risk weights

Exposures to central governments and Central Banks

4.12.1 Subject to Rule 4.12.2, an Authorised Firm must risk-weight any Exposure to a central

government or a Central Bank in accordance with the following table:

108

PIB/VER50/07-25

4.12.2

4.12.3

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Credit Quality Grade Risk Weight

1

0%

2

20%

3

50%

4

100%

5

100%

6

150%

Unrated

100%

(1) An Authorised Firm may apply a 0% risk weight to any Exposure to the central government or the Central Bank of the U.A.E. which is denominated and funded in the domestic currency.

(2) For the purposes of (1), the government of an individual Emirate of the U.A.E.

will be treated as a central government.

(3) An Authorised Firm may apply a 0% risk weight to any Exposure to a central

government or a Central Bank of a GCC member country if:

(a)

the Exposure is denominated and funded in the domestic currency of the central government or Central Bank of that country; and

(b)

the national supervisor:

(i)

permits the application of a 0% risk weight to such Exposures