(2)

(3)

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(b)

if section 3.7 does not apply, exceeds its Base Capital Requirement; and

(c)

if the only Financial Service it carries on is Managing a Venture Capital Fund, are adequate in relation to the nature, size and complexity of its business to ensure that there is no significant risk that its liabilities cannot be met as they fall due.

For the purpose of this Rule, and subject to (3) and (4), liquid assets comprise any of the following:

(a)

cash in hand;

(b) money deposited with a regulated bank or deposit-taker which has a short-term credit rating of A2 or P2 or above, or a long-term credit rating of BBB or Baa2 or above, from an ECAI;

(c)

demand deposits with a tenor of 1 year or less with a bank or deposit- taker in (b);

(d)

time deposits with a tenor of 1 year or less which have an option to redeem the deposit at any time. In such cases, the deposit amount eligible to be included as liquid assets must be calculated as net of any costs associated with such early redemption;

(e)

cash receivable from a regulated clearing house and cash deposits with such clearing houses, net of any fees or contributions to guarantee or reserve funds of such clearing houses;

(f)

cash receivable from regulated merchant acquirers for card based payment transactions, net of any fees or charges owed to such merchant acquirers; or

(g) debt Securities representing claims on a sovereign, Central Bank, PSE or MDB provided these Securities satisfy all of the following conditions:

(i)

they are assigned Credit Quality Grade 1 according to chapter 4;

(ii)

they are denominated in United States Dollars, U.A.E. Dirhams, Euros or Pounds Sterling;

(iii)

they have a remaining maturity of 12 months or less; and

(iv)

they are administered and safeguarded by a custodian who meets one of the criteria listed in CIR 8.2.4 (a) to (h).

For the purpose of this Rule, liquid assets do not include:

(a) any investment, asset or deposit which has been pledged as security or Collateral for any obligations or liabilities assumed by it or by any other third party; or

38

PIB/VER50/07-25

3.6

3.6.1

3.6.2

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(b)

cash held in Client Money or Insurance Monies accounts.

(4)

Liquid assets referred to in (2)(g) can only comprise two-thirds of the total stock of liquid assets held to comply with (1).

(5)

An Authorised Firm must value the liquid assets referred to in (2)(g) which it holds to comply with (1):

(a)

conservatively, taking into account the likely deterioration in the value of assets under market-wide stress conditions; and

(b) on an ongoing basis.

Guidance

The DFSA may require an Authorised Firm to comply with any specified additional capital or liquidity requirements under Article 75A of the Regulatory Law, where it considers that this is warranted by the firm’s business model or risk profile.

Base Capital Requirement

This section applies to an Authorised Firm in any Category (other than an Authorised Firm if the only Financial Service it carries on is Managing a Venture Capital Fund).

Guidance

The Base Capital Requirement is a component of the calculation of the Capital Requirement under sections 3.3, 3.4 and Rule 3.5.2.

The table below sets out the Base Capital Requirement for each Category of an Authorised Firm.

39

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Category

Base Capital Requirement

Category 1

US $10 million

Category 2

US $2 million

Except if the Authorised Firm is Dealing in Investments as Principal (where it does so only as a Matched Principal), in which case its Base Capital Requirement is US $500,000.

Category 3A

Category 3B

US $200,