 specific definitions. Commonly used definitions such as “Authorised Firms”, “Domestic Firms”, and “Financial Services” appear only in GLO.

The following terms and abbreviations bear the following meanings for the purpose of this module:

Acquisition of land, development and construction (ADC) Exposure

An Exposure to a company or SPV that is financing any land acquisition for development and construction purposes or development and construction of any residential or commercial property.

Alternative Standardised Approach

The manner in which the Operation Risk Capital Requirement is calculated in accordance with sections 6.11 and A6.3.

Annual Audited Expenditure

The expenditure calculated in accordance with Rule 3.7.3 or, if applicable, Rule 3.7.3A.

Asset-Backed Commercial Paper (ABCP) Programme

A programme that predominately issues commercial paper with an Original Maturity of one year or less that is backed by assets or other Exposures held in a bankruptcy-remote SPE.

AT1

Additional tier 1

AT1 Capital

Has the meaning given in section 3.14.

Available Stable Funding (ASF)

The amount, calculated in accordance with Rule A9.4.1, representing the relative stability of an Authorised Firm’s available funding sources.

ASF Category

The applicable category, listed in the table to Rule A9.4.1, to which the carrying value of a liability or capital instrument of an Authorised Firm is assigned.

ASF Factor

The applicable factor, listed in the table to Rule A9.4.1, used to multiply the carrying value of a liability or capital instrument of an Authorised Firm.

Base Capital Requirement

Has the meaning given in section 3.6.

Basel Committee

The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision.

7

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Basic Indicator Approach

The manner in which the Operational Risk Capital Requirement is calculated in accordance with sections 6.11 and A6.1.

Capital Buffer

In relation to an Authorised Firm, means the sum of the following (to the extent applicable to the firm):

(a) Capital Conservation Buffer;

(b) Countercyclical Capital Buffer; and

(c) HLA Capital Buffer.

Capital Buffer Requirement

Means a requirement to maintain any one or more of the following:

(a) a Capital Conservation Buffer;

(b) a Countercyclical Capital Buffer; or

(c) an HLA Capital Buffer.

Capital Conservation Buffer

The Capital Buffer that an Authorised Firm must maintain under section 3.9.

Capital Conservation Buffer Requirement

The requirement to maintain a Capital Conservation Buffer under section 3.9.

Capital Requirement The amount of capital an Authorised Firm must hold, calculated in accordance with sections 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.9, 3.9A or 3.9B, as applicable.

Capital Resources

The total Capital Resources of an Authorised Firm calculated in accordance with section 3.11.

Category

A prudential grouping of Authorised Firms which determines the application of the Rules in this Module.

CCF

Credit conversion factor

CCP

Central Counterparty

CCR Exposure

The Exposure value or amount for a Counterparty Credit Risk Exposure.

CET1

Common equity tier 1

CET1 Capital

Has the meaning given in section 3.13.

8

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Clean-Up Call

An option that permits the SE Exposures (e.g. asset- backed Securities) to be called before all of the underlying Exposures or SE Exposures have been repaid. In the case of Traditional Securitisations, this is generally repurchasing accomplished by remaining SE the Exposures once the pool balance or outstanding Securities have fallen below some specified level. In the case of a synthetic Exposure, the Clean-Up Call may take the form of a clause that extinguishes the credit protection.

Close Links

A Person (Person A) has Close Links with a Person (Person B) if:

(a) Person B:

(i)

is a Holding Company of Person A;

(ii) is a Sub