, including detailed Rules on the eligibility criteria for different components of Capital Resources which correspond to varying levels of quality. Part 5 prescribes requirements for a non-risk sensitive Leverage Ratio which acts as a supplementary measure to risk-based capital requirements.

3.

Appendix 3 provides detailed guidance on various aspects of stress and scenario testing which are required to be considered by an Authorised Firm to effectively comply with the Rules in this chapter.

PART 1 – Application

3.1

Application

3.1.1

The parts, sections and Rules in this chapter apply to an Authorised Firm as stated in those provisions.

Guidance

1.

Part 2 of this chapter imposes a number of basic requirements, including the core requirement that the amount of a firm’s Capital Resources must at all times exceed the amount of its Capital Requirement.

2.

In particular, note that:

a.

Part 3 (Calculating Capital Requirements) applies to all firms, but with differentiated calculations for Capital Requirements for the various Categories of Authorised Firms as prescribed in sections 3.3, 3.4 and 3.5;

b. Within Part 3, an exemption from the calculation of Tier 2 (T2) Capital in relation to

firms authorised to Manage a PSIAu is prescribed in Rule 3.15.9; and

c.

Part 4 (Calculating Capital Resources) applies to all firms, but in a differentiated manner for different Categories of firms as demonstrated in the table in section 3.11.

31

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

PART 2 – Basic Requirements

3.2

Requirements

Application

3.2.1

In this section:

(a)

Rules 3.2.2 to 3.2.5 and 3.2.7 apply to an Authorised Firm in any Category; and

(b)

Rule 3.2.6 applies only to an Authorised Firm in Category 3B, 3C, 3D or 4.

Maintaining Capital Resources

3.2.2

An Authorised Firm that is a Domestic Firm must:

(a)

have and maintain, at all times, Capital Resources of the kinds and amounts specified in, and calculated in accordance with, the Rules in PIB; and

(b)

ensure that it maintains capital and liquid assets in addition to the requirement in (a) which are adequate in relation to the nature, size and complexity of its business to ensure that there is no significant risk that liabilities cannot be met as they fall due.

Guidance

1.

For the purposes of Rule 3.2.2, an Authorised Firm’s Governing Body should assess whether the Capital Resources which are required by the DFSA as set out in PIB are adequate in relation to the Authorised Firm’s specific business. Additional resources should be maintained by the Authorised Firm where its Governing Body has considered that the required Capital Resources do not adequately reflect the nature and risks of the Authorised Firm’s business.

2.

The liabilities referred to in Rule 3.2.2(b) include an Authorised Firm’s contingent and prospective liabilities, such as liabilities arising from a change in business strategy or claims made against the Authorised Firm, but not liabilities that might arise from prospective transactions which the Authorised Firm could avoid, for example by ceasing its operations. Liabilities from prospective transactions refers to the potential liabilities which can be avoided by either adequate risk management, risk transfer or avoiding the transaction completely. This refers to any prospective transaction, for example, lending money to a borrower or entering into a contract for the provision of services by a service provider.

3.

An Authorised Firm subject to the requirements in chapter 10 may be required to meet Individual Capital Requirements under those Rules.

3.2.3

An Authorised Firm must have, at all times, Capital Resources which exceed the amount of its Capital Requirement.

Guidance

The specific Capital Requirements for the various Categories of Authorised Firms are dealt with in sections 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.9, 3.9A and 3.9B.

32

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSUR