3B, 3C, 3D or 5.

Guidance

An Authorised Firm in Category 4 may not be authorised to conduct any other Financial Service beyond those listed in Rule 1.3.6(a); if it were so authorised it would belong to another Category.

Category 5

An Authorised Firm is in Category 5 if it:

(a)

is an Islamic Financial Institution; and

(b)

Manages a PSIAu.

Guidance

Authorised Firms in Categories 1 to 4 may also carry out Islamic Financial Business, but only those Authorised Firms in Categories 1 or 5 may Manage a PSIAu. They will not fall within Category 5 unless the whole of the business is conducted in accordance with Shari’a and they Manage a PSIAu.

Systemically Important Banks (SIBs)

Guidance

1. This section provides for the DFSA to be able to designate an Authorised Firm as a Systemically Important Bank (SIB). A SIB is a bank whose impact, if it were to fail, could cause significant disruption to the financial system and the broader economy. To address the additional risks that SIBs pose, SIBs are subject to specific regulatory and supervisory measures, including higher capital charges in the form of an additional buffer (an HLA Capital Buffer) and more intensive supervision.

24

PIB/VER50/07-25

1.4.1

1.4.2

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

2. The DFSA will base its approach to identifying SIBs, and the measures that it applies to SIBs, on the framework issued by the Basel Committee.

3.

In accordance with the Basel Committee framework, this section provides for the DFSA to designate two types of SIBs: global systemically important banks (G-SIBs) and domestic systemically important banks (D-SIBs). The main difference between the two types of SIBs, is that G-SIBs are capable of having a significant impact on the effective working and stability of the global financial system, while the potential impact of D-SIBs is on the local or regional financial system. The differences in the requirements that apply to each are explained later in this section.

4.

In appropriate cases, the DFSA may designate an Authorised Firm as both a G-SIB and a D-SIB if its failure could have a significant impact on both the global and regional financial systems. If the DFSA designates a firm as both a G-SIB and a D-SIB, the HLA Capital Buffer that applies will be whichever is the higher of the amount calculated for it as a G-SIB and the amount calculated for it as a D-SIB (see Rule 3.9B.3). If a firm is a G-SIB, it does not automatically mean that it will be a D-SIB. For example, a firm may be systemically important globally, but it may not conduct significant business locally or regionally.

Global Systemically Important Banks (G-SIBs)

The DFSA will designate an Authorised Firm as a G-SIB if:

(a)

it is a Domestic Firm in Category 1 or 5;

(b)

it is a member of a Group that is included on the list of global systemically important banks published by the Financial Stability Board; and

(c)

the DFSA is the overall consolidated supervisor of that Group.

The DFSA may designate an Authorised Firm as a G-SIB if:

(a)

the conditions in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Rule 1.4.1 are met in relation to the Authorised Firm; and

(b)

the DFSA is not the overall consolidated supervisor of the Group but it considers that it is appropriate to treat the Authorised Firm as a G-SIB.

Guidance

1. The Financial Stability Board (FSB), in consultation with the Basel Committee, identifies and periodically publishes a list of global systemically important banks.

2.

If the DFSA is the consolidated supervisor of a Group included on the FSB list of global systemically important banks, it will designate an Authorised Firm in the Group that is a bank as a G-SIB (see Rule 1.4.1).

3.

If an