4.13.17, all of the following conditions must be satisfied:

(1)

(a) both the on-balance sheet Exposure (asset) and the offsetting on- balance sheet item (liability) are owing between the Authorised Firm and the same Counterparty;

141

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(b)

the Authorised Firm nets the on-balance sheet Exposure (asset) and the offsetting on-balance sheet item (liability) in a way that is consistent with its legal rights against the Counterparty;

(c) a legal right of set-off exists;

(d)

the agreement between the Authorised Firm and the Counterparty does not contain a Walkaway Clause;

(e)

the Netting provided for in the agreement between the Authorised Firm and the Counterparty is effective and enforceable in the event of default, bankruptcy, liquidation or other similar circumstances affecting either the Counterparty or the Authorised Firm;

(f)

the on-balance sheet Exposure (asset) and the offsetting on-balance sheet item (liability) are monitored, controlled and managed on a net basis; and

(g)

the potential for roll-off Exposure is monitored and controlled where there is a maturity mismatch; and

(2)

it has, in respect of each relevant jurisdiction, a written and reasoned legal opinion which:

(a) has been provided by an external source of legal advice of appropriate

professional standing;

(b) confirms that the requirements of (1)(a)-(e) are met for all relevant

jurisdictions; and

(c)

is kept under review to ensure that it remains correct and up to date in the event of changes to the relevant laws.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Firm should assess whether any qualifications, assumptions or reservations contained in the legal opinion cast doubt upon the enforceability of the Netting agreement. If, as a result of the qualifications, assumptions or reservations, there is material doubt about the enforceability of the agreement, the Authorised Firm should assume that the requirements for Netting have not been met.

2.

An Authorised Firm using a standard form Netting agreement and a supporting legal opinion should ensure that the relevant requirements in Rules 4.13.17 to 4.13.19 are met. A standard form Netting agreement is a form of agreement which is prepared by a reputable, internationally recognised industry association and is supported by its own legal opinion. Where additional clauses are added to a standard form Netting agreement, the Authorised Firm should satisfy itself that the amended Netting agreement continues to meet the legal and contractual requirements in Rules 4.13.17 to 4.13.19. For instance, in such cases, an Authorised Firm may wish to obtain a second legal opinion to confirm that the relevant requirements in Rules 4.13.17 to 4.13.19 are still satisfied.

142

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

4.14 Securitisation

Application

4.14.1 This section applies to an Authorised Firm which:

(a)

acts as an Originator in a securitisation;

(b)

transfers Credit Risk on a single item or on a pool of items by any of the legal transfer methods set out in Rule A4.10.1;

(c)

acts as a Sponsor in a securitisation; or

(d)

provides Credit Enhancement, liquidity support, or Underwriting or dealing facilities relating to the items being transferred.

Interpretation

4.14.2 For the purposes of this chapter and App4, “securitisation” includes Traditional

Securitisation, Synthetic Securitisation and Re-securitisation, as defined below:

(a)

A Traditional Securitisation is a structure where the cash flow from an underlying pool of Exposures is used to service at least two different stratified risk positions or tranches reflecting different degrees of Credit Risk. Payments to the investors depend upon the performance of the specified underlying Exposures, as opposed to being derived from an obligation of the entity originating those Exposures. A Traditional Securitisation will generally assume the movement of assets off balance sheet.

(b)

A Synthetic