) to (j) at 100%, with the exception of the following Exposures:

127

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(2) An Authorised Firm must assign:

(i)

a 0% risk weight to:

(A) cash owned by the Authorised Firm or in transit;

(B) gold bullion held at the Authorised Firm or held in another banking institution to the extent that the gold bullion assets are backed by gold bullion labilities; and

(ii)

a 20% risk weight to cash items in the process of collection.

(3)

Where an Authorised Firm provides credit protection for a number of exposures subject to the condition that the nth-to-default among the exposures triggers payment and that this credit event terminates the contract, the risk weights of the Exposures included in the basket must be aggregated, excluding n-1 Exposures, up to a maximum of 1000% and multiplied by the nominal amount of the protection provided by the credit derivative to obtain the risk-weighted Exposure amount.

(4) The n-1 Exposures to be excluded from the aggregation under (3) must be determined on the basis that they must include those Exposures each of which produces a lower risk-weighted Exposure amount than the risk-weighted Exposure amount of any of the Exposures included in the aggregation.

Guidance

Cash in transit referred to in Rule 4.12.30(2)(i)(A) includes receivable funds arising from transactions that are settled on a delivery versus payment basis which are outstanding up to and including the 4th business day after the settlement date. Cash items in the process of collection, referred to in Rule 4.12.30(2)(ii) include cheques, drafts and other items drawn on other banking institutions that are either payable immediately upon presentation or that are in the process of collection.

4.13 Credit Risk mitigation

Guidance

This section sets out the principles and methodologies for the recognition of Credit Risk mitigation in the calculation of Credit RWA.

General Requirements

4.13.1

(1)

An Authorised Firm must not recognise the effects of Credit Risk mitigation unless:

(a) all documentation relating to that mitigation is binding on all relevant

parties and legally enforceable in all relevant jurisdictions;

(b)

there is no material positive correlation between the credit quality of the Counterparty and the employed Credit Risk mitigation technique or with the resulting residual risk; and

(c)

the Authorised Firm complies with the Rules set out in this section, as applicable.

128

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(2)

Where the calculation of Credit RWA already takes into account the Credit Risk mitigant, the provisions of this section do not apply.

(3)

An Authorised Firm must, where it uses a specific Credit Risk mitigation technique for the purposes of calculating Credit RWA, use the same technique for Large Exposure reduction, where it is permitted and chooses to use mitigation under the requirements in chapter 4.

Guidance

An Authorised Firm should conduct sufficient legal review to verify this and have a well-founded legal basis to reach this conclusion, and undertake such further review as necessary to ensure continuing enforceability. The review should cover relevant jurisdictions such as the jurisdiction whose law governs the credit protection or Collateral agreement and the jurisdiction whose law governs the transaction subject to the credit protection or Collateral agreement. There should be sufficient written documentary evidence to adequately support the conclusion drawn and rebut any legal challenge. While an Authorised Firm may use either in-house or external legal counsel, it should consider whether or not in-house counsel opinion is appropriate. The senior management of the Authorised Firm should ensure that an officer of the Authorised Firm who is legally qualified and independent of the parties originating the transaction reviews the legal opinion and confirms that he is satisfied that an adequate review has been completed and that he agrees with the conclusions drawn. A record of these reviews should be kept and made available at the request of the DFSA.

4.13.2 Where an Authorised Firm uses multiple Credit Risk mitigation for a single Exposure, the Authorised Firm must divide the Exposure into portions covered by each mitigation and must calculate