 (see Rule 3.9A.5); and

d. multiply the weighted average by the value of its Risk Weighted Assets.

3.9A.3 An Authorised Firm must not apply CET1 Capital that it maintains to meet the

Countercyclical Capital Buffer Requirement towards meeting:

(a)

its Risk Capital Requirement;

(b)

its Capital Conservation Buffer Requirement;

(c)

an HLA Capital Buffer Requirement; or

(d)

an Individual Capital Requirement that the DFSA may impose on it under chapter 10.

3.9A.4 The Countercyclical Capital Buffer Requirement applies on both a solo and a

consolidated basis for Authorised Firms forming part of a Group.

Weighted Average of CCyB Rates

3.9A.5 (1)

The rate to be used to calculate an Authorised Firm’s Countercyclical Capital Buffer is the weighted average of the CCyB Rates that apply in jurisdictions in which it has Non-Financial Private Sector Credit Exposures.

(2)

The weighting applied to the CCyB Rate in each jurisdiction is the risk- weighted amount of an Authorised Firm’s Non-Financial Private Sector Credit Exposures in that jurisdiction, divided by the risk-weighted amount of its Non- Financial Private Sector Credit Exposures in all jurisdictions.

49

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Determining the location of credit exposures

3.9A.6 (1)

This Rule specifies how an Authorised Firm must determine the jurisdiction in which it has a Non-Financial Private Sector Credit Exposure.

(2)

The jurisdiction in which an Authorised Firm has an exposure is to be determined by allocating the exposure to the jurisdiction where, to the best of the Authorised Firm’s knowledge and information, the risk ultimately lies.

(3)

If it is not reasonably possible to determine the jurisdiction of an exposure under (2), then the jurisdiction in which the Authorised Firm has the exposure is the jurisdiction where the exposure is booked.

Guidance

1.

The location of an Authorised Firm’s credit exposure is determined according to the concept of ‘ultimate risk’, i.e. the location where the risk ultimately lies. This is usually the location of the counterparties, irrespective of the Authorised Firm’s own physical location or place of incorporation.

2.

The following examples illustrate how the concept of ultimate risk applies:

a.

if a firm has an exposure to a borrower in country A, and the risk mitigant (e.g. a guarantor) is in country B, then the ultimate risk is in country B;

b.

if, in the example in a, the exposure is only partly mitigated, then the ultimate risk would be split between the uncovered portion in country A and a covered portion in country B;

c.

if a firm has an exposure to a borrower that is a Branch in country A, and the head office of the Branch is in country B, then the ultimate risk is in country B; and

d.

if a firm has an exposure to a borrower in country A, and the exposure is to finance a project in country B, then the ultimate risk is in country B.

The CCyB Rate that applies in a jurisdiction

3.9A.7 (1) The Countercyclical Capital Buffer Rate for an exposure:

(a)

in the DIFC or elsewhere in the State, is the rate set by the Central Bank; and

(b)

outside the State, is the rate set by the CCyB Authority for that jurisdiction, unless the DFSA has specified a rate under Rule 3.9A.8, in which case that specified rate applies.

(2)

If the rate specified by a CCyB Authority is more than 2.5% then it is taken to be equal to 2.5%, unless the DFSA specifies otherwise.

3.9A.8 (1)

If the DFSA considers that the CCyB Rate in a jurisdiction outside the State is not sufficient to protect Authorised Firms from the risks of excessive credit growth in that jurisdiction, it may, for credit exposures in that jurisdiction:

(a)

specify a CCyB Rate even though no rate is imposed by the CCyB Authority for that jurisdiction; or

50

PI