.

4.9.11 An Authorised Firm using the FCCA approach for an SE Exposure must calculate E*, the SE Exposure adjusted for eligible financial Collateral, in accordance with Rules in section A4.3 of App4 and substitute E* for E when calculating the RWA for SE Exposure under section 4.8.

Measurement of E for Counterparty Exposures arising from SFTs

4.9.12 An SFT must be treated as Collateralised lending, notwithstanding the wide range of

structures which could be used for SFTs.

4.9.13 An Authorised Firm must calculate E, for a Counterparty Exposure arising from an SFT, other than an Exposure covered by a Qualifying Bilateral Netting Agreement, in accordance with Rules 4.9.14 to 4.9.18.

4.9.14 An Authorised Firm must determine E, for a Counterparty Exposure arising from an

SFT which is not covered by a Qualifying Bilateral Netting Agreement as follows:

(a)

in the case where the Authorised Firm has lent Securities to a Counterparty or sold Securities to a Counterparty with a commitment to repurchase those Securities at a specified price on a specified future date, the latest fair value of the Securities lent or sold; and

(b)

in the case where the Authorised Firm has lent cash to a Counterparty through the borrowing of Securities from the Counterparty or paid cash for the purchase of Securities from a Counterparty with a commitment to resell those Securities at a specified price on a specified future date, the amount of cash lent or paid.

4.9.15 An Authorised Firm which has taken eligible financial Collateral for any SFT where the Counterparty Exposure is determined in accordance with Rule 4.9.14 may recognise the effect of such Collateral in accordance with Rules 4.9.16 to 4.9.19.

4.9.16 An Authorised Firm must use either the FCSA or the FCCA to recognise the effect of eligible financial Collateral for any SFT in the Non-Trading Book. The Authorised Firm must apply the chosen approach consistently to the entire Non-Trading Book and must not use a combination of both approaches. For a Counterparty Exposure arising from any SFT in the Trading Book, an Authorised Firm must only use the FCCA to recognise the effect of eligible financial Collateral.

4.9.17 An Authorised Firm using the FCSA may recognise the effect of eligible financial

Collateral for any SFT in accordance with Rule A4.3.11 in App4.

105

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

4.9.18 An Authorised Firm which has taken eligible financial Collateral for any SFT that is not covered by a Qualifying Bilateral Netting Agreement and using the FCCA, must calculate E* in accordance with Rule A4.3.2 in App4, and substitute E* for E when calculating the Credit Risk-weighted Exposure amount for that CR Exposure under section 4.8.

4.9.19 An Authorised Firm which has taken eligible financial Collateral for an SFT that is covered by a Qualifying Bilateral Netting Agreement and using the FCCA, must calculate E* for all its CR Exposures to any single Counterparty covered by the Qualifying Bilateral Netting Agreement, in accordance with Rule A4.3.3 in App4, and substitute E* for E when calculating the Credit Risk-weighted Exposure amount for its CR Exposures to that Counterparty under section 4.8.

Exceptions to the measurement of E

4.9.20 An Authorised Firm may attribute a value of zero to E for:

(a)

any Counterparty Exposure arising from any Derivative transaction or SFT outstanding with a CCP and which has not been rejected by that CCP, provided that the Exposure is fully Collateralised on a daily basis; and

(b)

any Credit Risk Exposure arising from any Derivative transaction, SFT or spot transaction which an Authorised Firm has outstanding with a CCP for which the latter acts as a custodian on the Authorised Firm’s behalf, provided that the Exposure is fully Collateralised on a daily basis.

Guidance

Credit