 risk that losses on an Authorised Firm’s net long or short position in an individual equity or Security may arise from a negative or positive price movement of that equity or Security relative to the relevant market generally.

Sponsor

An Authorised Firm that repackages third party assets directly into a securitisation scheme. Where an Authorised Firm repackages non-Investment Grade third party assets, it may fall within the definition of an Originator unless it originates or repackages no more than 10% of the scheme’s total assets.

19

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Standardised Approach

The manner in which the Operational Risk Capital Requirement is calculated in accordance with sections 6.11 and A6.2.

Stored Value Capital Requirement

Has the meaning given in section 3.8A.

Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP)

The supervisory prescribed in chapter 10.

review and evaluation process

Synthetic Securitisation

Has the meaning given in Rule 4.14.2(b).

Systemically Important Bank (SIB)

An Authorised Firm designated by the DFSA under section 1.4 to be either or both of the following:

(a) a D-SIB; or

(b) a G-SIB.

T

Trade date, which is the date on which a transaction is entered into.

T1

Tier 1

T1 Capital

Has the meaning given in Rule 3.12.1.

T2

Tier 2

T2 Capital

Has the meaning given in Rule 3.15.1.

Theta

The ratio of the change in an Option price to the decrease in time to expiration. Theta can also be referred to as time decay.

Total Net Cash Outflow

Has the meaning given in Rule A9.2.13

Total Return Swap

A contract under which two parties exchange their positive or negative returns on a notional amount of a reference asset for a specified period of time.

Trading Book

The positions and Exposures including, on and off- balance sheet items eligible for inclusion in the Trading Book, as described in section 2.2.

Traditional Securitisation

Has the meaning given in Rule 4.14.2(a).

Transaction Based Capital Requirement

Has the meaning given in section 3.8B.

20

PIB/VER50/07-25

1.3

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Transactor

An obligor in relation to:

(a)

facilities such as credit cards and charge cards where the balance has been repaid in full at each scheduled repayment date for the previous 12 months; or

(b) overdraft facilities if there has been no drawdown

over the previous 12 months.

Unrestricted PSIA (PSIAu)

A PSIA in respect of which the investment account holder authorises the Authorised Firm to invest the account holder’s funds in a manner which the Authorised Firm deems appropriate without laying down any restrictions as to where, how and for what purpose the funds should be invested.

Unsettled Transaction

A transaction where:

(a)

delivery of an instrument is due to take place against remains the outstanding;

receipt of cash but

(b)

physical delivery of the underlying asset or security is not required and the final cash settlement of the transaction remains outstanding past its due date; or

(c)

deliverables were delivered without receipt of the corresponding cash payment.

Vega

The measure of the sensitivity of the value of the Option to a change in the volatility of the underlying asset.

Walkaway Clause

A provision which permits a non-defaulting party to make payments, or no payments at all, to the estate of the defaulter, even if the defaulter is a net creditor.

Categories of Authorised Firms

Guidance

1.

Authorised Firms are divided into Categories to provide a clear framework for determining which specific Rules in PIB apply to each Authorised Firm. The Rules in this section enable an Authorised Firm to determine into which Category it falls.

2.

The table in A1.1 of App1sets out the categorisation process diagrammatically. In that table, an emboldened box indicates the Financial Service that