 is not the overall consolidated supervisor of the Group but it considers that it is appropriate to treat the Authorised Firm as a G-SIB.

Guidance

1. The Financial Stability Board (FSB), in consultation with the Basel Committee, identifies and periodically publishes a list of global systemically important banks.

2.

If the DFSA is the consolidated supervisor of a Group included on the FSB list of global systemically important banks, it will designate an Authorised Firm in the Group that is a bank as a G-SIB (see Rule 1.4.1).

3.

If an Authorised Firm that is a bank is part of a Group included on the FSB list, but the DFSA is not the consolidated supervisor of that Group, the DFSA may designate that Authorised Firm as a G-SIB if it considers it is appropriate to do so in all the circumstances (see Rule 1.4.2). If the DFSA proposes to designate an Authorised Firm as a G-SIB where it is not the consolidated supervisor of the relevant Group, it will normally consult first with the consolidated supervisor to ensure that the supervisors are taking a co-ordinated approach.

4. A G-SIB, in addition to being subject to more intensive supervision, must maintain an extra capital buffer (the HLA Capital Buffer) under section 3.9B. At the consolidated Group level, a G-SIB

25

PIB/VER50/07-25

1.4.3

1.4.4

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

also has to publish quantitative indicators relating to its systemic importance (see Rule 11.1.3 and App 11 Table 15) and carry out recovery and resolution planning.

Domestic Systemically Important Banks (D-SIBs)

The DFSA may designate an Authorised Firm as a D-SIB if:

(a)

it is a Domestic Firm or Branch in Category 1, 2 (other than a Matched Principal) or 5; and

(b)

the DFSA considers that the risks associated with the Authorised Firm are such that, if it were to fail, it could have a significant impact on the effective working and stability of the banking or financial system locally or regionally.

Guidance

1. The DFSA will, in assessing if it should designate an Authorised Firm as a D-SIB, take into account the factors suggested by the Basel Committee in its framework for domestic systemically important banks. Those factors include the size, interconnectedness, substitutability and complexity of the firm. The DFSA will publish the general assessment methodology it applies in assessing if it should designate a firm as a D-SIB.

2. The DFSA may designate an Authorised Firm as a D-SIB whether it is a Domestic Firm or a Branch. However, the measures that apply to a D-SIB that is a Branch will be less extensive than those that apply to a D-SIB that is a Domestic Firm. For example, while both are subject to more intensive supervision, a D-SIB that is a Branch will not be subject to the HLA Capital Buffer Requirement. This is because most capital requirements in chapter 3 do not apply to a Branch as it is subject to capital requirements applied by its home state regulator. Procedures for designating SIBs

(1) The DFSA may amend or cancel a designation made under this section.

(2) The DFSA must publish a copy of any designation made under this section or

any amendment or cancellation of that designation.

(3) The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law apply to a DFSA decision to designate an Authorised Firm as a SIB or to amend the designation.

(4)

If the DFSA decides to designate an Authorised Firm as a SIB or to amend the designation, the Authorised Firm may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

(5) Paragraphs (3) and (4) do not apply to a DFSA decision to designate a G-SIB

under Rule 1.4.1 or to amend the designation.

Guidance

The Schedule 3 procedures and the right of review by the FMT do not apply to the designation of a G- SIB under Rule 1.4.1 (see Rule 1.4.4