irms involved in the business of providing credit to design, implement and maintain comprehensive and effective systems to manage Credit Risk.

The Credit Risk management framework of an Authorised Firm must have at least the following principal elements effectively implemented to ensure that the Credit Risk Exposures of the Authorised Firm are of a sufficiently good quality:

(a)

an appropriate Credit Risk environment, defined by a documented Credit Risk strategy and a documented Credit Risk policy;

(b)

application of the Credit Risk strategy and policy, where appropriate, on a consolidated basis and at the level of individual subsidiaries;

(c)

sound processes for assuming and managing Credit Risk;

(d)

prudent lending controls and limits, including policies and processes for monitoring Exposures in relation to limits, and approvals of exceptions to limits;

(e)

adequate appropriately skilled human resources to manage the Credit Risk function;

(f)

independence of credit approval and review functions from credit initiation functions to avoid any real or potential conflicts of interest;

(g)

prudent procedures for approving credits, defined by a documented credit procedures manual;

(h)

effective systems for credit administration, measurement and monitoring; and

(i)

adequate controls over Credit Risk.

(1)

its Governing Body retains An Authorised Firm must ensure that responsibility for the Credit Risk management framework and ensure it is appropriate for the nature, scale and complexity of operations, in the context of prevailing market and macro-economic conditions.

(2)

An Authorised Firm must ensure that its senior management or an appropriate designated body, regularly reviews and understands the implications as well as the limitations of the risk management information that they receive from the Credit Risk management function, in order to evaluate the suitability and effectiveness of such information in enabling them to provide effective oversight over the Credit Risk management function.

(3)

An Authorised Firm must ensure that its Governing Body regularly reviews and understands the implications as well as the limitations of Credit Risk management information and reports presented to it, to ensure that the contents and the format of such reports are suitable for effective Governing Body oversight.

88

PIB/VER50/07-25

4.3.4

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(4)

An Authorised Firm must ensure that its Governing Body is responsible for carrying out regular stress testing on the credit portfolio which is appropriate for the nature, scale and complexity of the Credit Risks assumed by the Authorised Firm. An Authorised Firm must ensure that its Governing Body annually reviews the stress scenarios and takes action to address any perceived issues arising from those reviews.

(5)

An Authorised Firm must establish and enforce internal controls and practices so that deviations from policies, procedures, limits and prudential guidelines are promptly reported to the appropriate level of management.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Firm may structure its credit processes and Credit Risk management function in a manner which suits its or its Group’s internal organisational structure, culture and internal practices, provided the key functions and components relevant to Credit Risk management, as mentioned above, are present, and there must be adequate segregation of functions responsible for critical Credit Risk management processes. In particular, the credit initiation function must be independent of the credit approval and review functions to avoid any potential conflicts of interest. In cases where an Authorised Firm finds it necessary to delegate small lending limits to staff in the front office for operational needs, there must be adequate safeguards, e.g. independent review of credits granted, to prevent abuse.

2.

An Authorised Firm’s senior management or an appropriately delegated body (such as a credit committee) should be responsible for effectively implementing the Credit Risk strategy and policy approved by the Governing Body of the Authorised Firm. Senior management or such a credit committee will need to establish adequate procedures to identify, quantify, monitor and control the Credit Risk inherent in the Authorised Firm's activities and at the level of both the overall portfolio and individual borrowers/Counterparties.

3.

The appropriate level at which credit decisions are taken will vary according to the type of credit offered and the size and structure of the Authorised Firm. For some Authorised Firms, a credit committee may be appropriate, with formal terms of reference laid down. In other Authorised Firms, individuals may be given pre-assigned authority limits. It will usually be appropriate for the final credit approval authority to be given by staff reporting independently from those staff interacting with clients.

4.

As part of its