 contract terms.

6.

The policies and procedures referred to under Guidance note 1(d) should be supported by Collateral management systems capable of tracking the location and status of posted Collateral (including re-hypothecated Collateral), outstanding Collateral calls and settlement problems.

7. Where an Authorised Firm obtains credit protection that differs in maturity from the underlying credit Exposure, the Authorised Firm should monitor and control its roll-off risks, i.e. the fact that the Authorised Firm will be fully exposed when the protection expires, and the risk that it will be unable to purchase credit protection or ensure its capital adequacy when the credit protection expires. Taking as Collateral large quantities of instruments issued by one obligor creates Concentration Risk. An Authorised Firm should have a clearly defined policy with respect to the amount of Concentration Risk it is prepared to run. Such a policy might, for example, include a cap on the amount of Collateral it would be prepared to take from a particular Issuer or market. The Authorised Firm should also take Collateral and purchased credit protection into account when assessing the potential concentrations in its overall credit profile.

7. Where an Authorised Firm obtains credit protection that differs in maturity from the underlying credit Exposure, the Authorised Firm should monitor and control its roll-off risks, i.e. the fact that the Authorised Firm will be fully exposed when the protection expires, and the risk that it will be unable to purchase credit protection or ensure its capital adequacy when the credit protection expires. 8.

Notwithstanding the presence of Credit Risk mitigation considered for the purposes of calculating Credit RWA amounts, an Authorised Firm should continue to undertake a full Credit Risk assessment of the underlying Exposure.

130

PIB/VER50/07-25

4.13.4

4.13.5

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(1)

An Authorised Firm must be able to satisfy the DFSA that it has systems in place to manage potential concentration of risk arising from its use of guarantees and Credit Derivatives.

(2)

An Authorised Firm must be able to demonstrate how its strategy in respect of its use of Credit Risk mitigation techniques, and in particular use of Credit Derivatives and guarantees interacts with its management of its overall risk profile.

Collateral

Guidance

In order to recognise the effects of Credit Risk mitigation of the types of Collateral set out in Rules 4.13.5 to 4.13.7, an Authorised Firm must ensure that the relevant requirements in Rule 4.13.8 are complied with.

(1)

For an Authorised Firm using the FCSA, eligible financial Collateral comprises:

(a)

cash (as well as certificates of deposit or other similar instruments issued by the Authorised Firm) on deposit with the Authorised Firm;

(b) gold;

(c)

any debt security:

(i) with an Original Maturity of one year or less that has a short-term Credit Quality Grade of 3 or better as set out in section 4.12; or

(ii) with an Original Maturity of more than one year that has:

(A)

a Credit Quality Grade of 4 or better as set out in section 4.12 if it is issued by a central government, Central Bank or a PSE referred to in Rule 4.12.3(2); or

(B)

a Credit Quality Grade of 3 or better as set out in section 4.12 if it is issued by any other entity;

(d) any debt security issued by a bank that does not have an external credit assessment by a recognised ECAI if it fulfils the following criteria:

(i)

any debt security which is listed on a regulated exchange;

(ii)

the debt security is classified as senior debt, not subordinated to any other debt obligations of its Issuer;

(iii) all other rated debt securities issued by the same Issuer which rank equally with the mentioned debt security have a long term or short term (as applicable) Credit Quality Grade by a recognised ECAI of “3” or better;

131

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(iv)

the Authorised Firm is not aware of information to suggest that the issue