 an Authorised Firm carries on, or intends to carry on, any regulated business or associated business. In this context, Counterparty includes an individual, unincorporated body, company, government, local authority or other public body.

Counterparty Credit Risk

The risk that the Counterparty to a transaction defaults before the final settlement of the transaction’s cash flows.

CR Exposure

The Exposure value or amount for a Credit Risk Exposure.

10

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Credit Derivative

Any contract which transfers the Credit Risk of a reference obligation or set of reference obligations from the protection buyer to the protection seller, such that the protection seller has an Exposure to the reference obligation(s).

Credit Enhancement A contractual arrangement in which the Authorised Firm retains or assumes an SE Exposure and, in substance, provides some degree of added protection to other parties to the transaction.

Credit Quality Grade A credit quality step in a credit quality assessment scale. A credit quality assessment scale is a scale onto the credit assessments of an ECAI or an expert credit agency are mapped.

Credit Risk

In relation to an Authorised Firm, the risk of loss if another party fails to perform on its financial obligation to the Authorised Firm.

Credit Risk Capital Requirement (CRCOM)

The requirement calculated in accordance with section 4.6.

Credit Valuation Adjustment Risk Capital Requirement

A component of the Market Risk Capital Requirement calculated in accordance with section 5.10A to cover the risk of losses arising from changing credit valuation in adjustment values Counterparty credit spreads and market risk factors that drive prices of derivative transactions and SFTs.

in

response

to changes

Credit-Enhancing Interest-Only Strip

An on-balance sheet asset that:

(i) represents a valuation of cash flows related to future

margin income; and

(ii) is subordinated.

CRW

Credit risk weight for an Exposure.

CV

Contracted value for delivery.

Delta

The measure of an Option’s sensitivity to a change in value of the underlying investment, asset or property.

Displaced Commercial Risk Capital Requirement

The requirement calculated in accordance with chapter 5 of the IFR Module.

Domestic Systemically Important Bank (D- SIB)

An Authorised Firm designated by the DFSA under section 1.4 as a domestic systemically important bank.

Duration Method

A measure of General Market Risk calculated accordance with Rule A5.2.19.

in

11

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

E

An Exposure value or amount

E*

An Exposure value or amount adjusted in the manner provided in the relevant Rule

EAE

The Exposure value or amount for an Early Amortisation Exposure

Early Amortisation

A mechanism that, once triggered, allows investors to be paid out prior to the originally stated maturity of the securities issued. For risk-based capital purposes, an Early Amortisation provision will be considered either controlled or non-controlled.

ECAI

A CRA or an external credit rating agency approved by the DFSA for the purpose of this Module.

Equity Risk Capital Requirement

A component of Market Risk Capital Requirement and calculated in accordance with section 5.5.

Evergreening

Evergreening refers to the practice by some banks to roll over or renew their non-performing loans or potentially nonperforming loans, so that they can avoid recognising them as non-performing loans in their accounts and consequently avoid provisioning for them.

Excess Spread

Gross finance charge collections and other income received by the trust or SPE minus certificate interest, servicing fees, charge-offs, and other senior trust or SPE expenses.

Expenditure Based Capital Minimum

A Capital Requirement calculated in accordance with section 3.7.

Exposure

The maximum loss that an Authorised Firm (and where applicable its PSIA holders) might suffer if:

(a)

a Counterparty or a group of Connected

Counterparties fail to meet their obligations; or

(b)

it realises assets or off-balance sheet positions.

An Exposure also includes any asset or off-balance sheet item, which could result in a potential loss to the Authorised Firm due to Market Risk or Operational Risk or any other risk factor.

FCCA

Financial Coll