 Firm and the expenses and losses of the Incorporated Cell Company (the Fund Platform) calculated in accordance with Rule 3.7.4.

(1)

For the purposes of Rule 3.7.3, an Authorised Firm must calculate its relevant Annual Audited Expenditure with reference to the Authorised Firm’s most recent audited financial statements.

(2)

If the Authorised Firm’s most recent audited financial statements do not represent a twelve month accounting period, it must calculate its Annual Audited Expenditure on a pro rata basis so as to produce an equivalent annual amount.

44

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(3)

If an Authorised Firm has not completed its first twelve months of business operations, it must calculate its Annual Audited Expenditure based on forecast expenditure as reflected in the budget for the first twelve months of business operations, as submitted with its application for authorisation.

(4)

(a)

If an Authorised Firm:

(i)

has a material change in its expenditure (either up or down); or

(ii)

has varied its authorised activities;

it must recalculate its Annual Audited Expenditure and Expenditure Based Capital Minimum accordingly.

(b) Where an Authorised Firm has recalculated its Annual Audited Expenditure and Expenditure Based Capital Minimum in accordance with (a), it must submit this recalculation to the DFSA within 7 days of its completion and seek agreement/approval from the DFSA. The DFSA may within 30 days of receiving the recalculation object to the recalculation and require the Authorised Firm to revise its Expenditure Based Capital Minimum.

3.8

Risk Capital Requirement

3.8.1

This section applies to an Authorised Firm in Category 1, 2, 3A or 5.

Guidance

The Risk Capital Requirement is a component of the calculation of the Capital Requirement under sections 3.3 and 3.4.

Calculation of Risk Capital Requirement

3.8.1A An Authorised Firm must calculate its Risk Capital Requirement as 10% of its Risk

Weighted Assets.

Risk Weighted Assets

3.8.2

An Authorised Firm must calculate its Risk Weighted Assets as 12.5 multiplied by the sum of the following:

(a)

the CRCOM;

(b)

the Market Risk Capital Requirement;

(c)

the Operational Risk Capital Requirement; and

(d)

the Displaced Commercial Risk Capital Requirement, where applicable.

CRCOM

3.8.3

An Authorised Firm must calculate its Credit Risk Capital Requirement in accordance with the applicable Rules in chapter 4.

45

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Guidance

1.

Detailed Rules and Guidance in respect of the CRCOM are specified in chapter 4. The CRCOM includes the risk weighted assets (RWA) for all Credit Risk Exposures and securitisation Exposures.

2.

Rules and Guidance in respect of calculating the CRCOM for Islamic Contracts are contained in IFR chapter 5.

Market Risk Capital Requirement

3.8.4

An Authorised Firm must calculate its Market Risk Capital Requirement in accordance with the applicable Rules in chapter 5.

Guidance

1.

Detailed Rules and Guidance in respect of the Market Risk Capital Requirement and each of its components are contained in chapter 5.

2.

Rules and Guidance in respect of calculating Market Risk for Islamic Contracts are contained in IFR chapter 5.

Operational Risk Capital Requirement

3.8.5

An Authorised Firm must calculate its Operational Risk Capital Requirement in accordance with the applicable Rules in chapter 6.

Displaced Commercial Risk Capital Requirement

3.8.6

An Authorised Firm Managing a PSIAu must calculate its Displaced Commercial Risk Capital Requirement in accordance with IFR chapter 5.

3.8A Stored Value Capital Requirement

3.8A.1 This section applies to an Authorised Firm in Category 3C that issues Stored Value.

Calculation of Stored Value Capital Requirement

3.8A.2 (1) An Authorised Firm must calculate its Stored Value Capital Requirement as an amount equal to 