75%-100%) of its Capital Buffer, the

factor is 0.6.

(3)

If an Authorised Firm undertakes any action under Rule 3.9C.2(b), it must take that into account and reduce the maximum distributable amount accordingly.

3.9C.6 For the purpose of Rule 3.9C.2(b), where an Authorised Firm intends to distribute any of its distributable profits or intends to undertake an action referred to in Rule 3.9C.2(b)(i) to (iii), the Authorised Firm must notify the DFSA and provide the following information:

54

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(a)

the amount of capital maintained by the Authorised Firm, subdivided as follows:

(i) CET1 Capital,

(ii) AT1 Capital, and

(iii) T2 Capital;

(b)

the amount of its interim and year-end profits;

(c)

the maximum distributable amount calculated in accordance with this section; and

(d)

the amount of distributable profits it intends to allocate between the following:

(i)

dividend payments,

(ii)

share buybacks,

(iii) payments on AT1 Capital instruments, and

(iv)

the payment of variable remuneration or discretionary pension benefits, whether by creation of a new obligation to pay, or by payment pursuant to an obligation to pay created at a time when the institution failed to meet a Capital Buffer Requirement.

Guidance

Upon receiving a notification under this Rule, the DFSA will make an assessment of the firm’s ability to meet and maintain its Capital Requirement on a sustainable basis going forward.

3.9C.7 An Authorised Firm must maintain systems and processes to ensure that the amount of distributable profits and the maximum distributable amount are calculated accurately, and must be able to demonstrate that accuracy to the DFSA on request.

Capital conservation plan

3.9C.8 Where an Authorised Firm fails to meet a Capital Buffer Requirement, it must prepare a capital conservation plan and submit it to the DFSA no later than 5 business days after it identified its failure to meet the Capital Buffer Requirement. The capital conservation plan must include the following:

(a)

estimates of income and expenditure and a forecast balance sheet;

(b)

measures to increase the Capital Resources of the Authorised Firm;

(c)

a plan and timeframe for the increase of own funds with the objective of restoring the Capital Buffer; and

(d)

any other information the DFSA might need in order effectively to carry out its considerations referred to in Rule 3.9C.9.

3.9C.9 (1)

Following assessment, the DFSA will approve the capital conservation plan only if it considers that the plan, if implemented, would be reasonably likely

55

PIB/VER50/07-25

(2)

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

to conserve or raise sufficient capital to enable the Authorised Firm to meet its Capital Requirement and Capital Buffer Requirement, within a period that the DFSA considers appropriate.

If the DFSA does not approve the capital conservation plan, the DFSA may require the Authorised Firm to increase its CET1 Capital to meet the Capital Requirement and the Capital Buffer Requirement, within a specified period of time.

56

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

PART 4 – Calculating Capital Resources

3.10 Application

3.10.1 This part applies to an Authorised Firm in any Category.

Guidance

The earlier section 3.2 imposes a number of basic requirements on an Authorised Firm, including requirements to:

a.

have and maintain Capital Resources in accordance with these Rules (see Rule 3.2.2); and

b.

maintain an amount of Capital Resources that exceeds the amount of the firm’s Capital Requirement (see Rule 3.2.3).

3.11 Calculation of Capital Resources

3.11.1 The total of Capital Resources is derived according to the following formula:

T1 Capital + T2 Capital = Capital Resources

where:

(a)

“T1 Capital” represents Tier 1 capital as the