 on immovable property.

17

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Regulatory Commercial Real Estate Exposure

A Commercial Real Estate Exposure that is a Regulatory Real Estate Exposure.

Regulatory Real Estate Exposure

A Real Estate Exposure that meets the conditions in Rule 4.12.20.

Regulatory Residential Real Estate Exposure

A Residential Real Estate Exposure that is a Regulatory Real Estate Exposure.

Relevant Entity

Means any of the following:

(a) another Authorised Firm;

(b) a Regulated Financial Institution;

(c) any unregulated Financial Institution; or

(d) any financial holding company.

Required Stable Funding (RSF)

The amount, calculated in accordance with Rule A9.4.2, representing the stable funding required by an Authorised Firm.

Residential Real Estate

Property that is, or will be, a dwelling and that satisfies all applicable laws and regulations enabling the property to be occupied for housing purposes.

Residential Real Estate Exposure

A Real Estate Exposure secured by Residential Real Estate.

Retail Exposure

An Exposure to:

(a) one or more individuals; or

(b) a SME that meets the requirements in Rule

4.12.16(2).

RSF Category

A category, listed in Table 1 to Rule A9.4.2, to which the carrying value of an Authorised Firm’s asset is assigned.

RSF Factor

The applicable factor, listed in Table 1 to Rule A9.4.2, used to multiply the carrying value of an asset of an Authorised Firm.

Re-securitisation

Has the meaning given in section 4.14.

Restricted PSIA (PSIAr)

A PSIA in respect of the investment account holder imposes certain restrictions as to where, how and for what purpose his funds are to be invested.

18

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Revolving Securitisation

A Traditional or Synthetic Securitisation in which the specified items consist of revolving assets such as loan facilities or credit card balances which permit borrowers to vary the drawn amount within an agreed limit, or the scheme itself is revolving.

Rho

The measure of an Option’s sensitivity to a change in interest rates.

Risk Capital Requirement

Has the meaning given in Rule 3.8.1A.

Risk Weighted Assets (RWA)

The risk weighted assets of an Authorised Firm calculated in accordance with Rule 3.8.2.

SE Exposure

The Exposure value or amount for a securitisation Exposure.

Securities Underwriting Capital Requirement

A component of the Market Risk Capital Requirement defined in section 5.10.

Servicer

A Person that administers the securitised items.

SFT

Securities financing transactions, such as repurchase agreements, reverse repurchase agreements, security lending and borrowing and margin lending transactions, where the value of the transactions are often subject to margin agreements.

Simplified Approach

An alternative application of the provisions of chapter 4 for an Authorised Firm in Category 2 and 3A, as described in sections 4.7 and A4.12.

Special Purpose Entity (SPE)

A corporation, trust, or other entity organised for a specific purpose, the activities of which are limited to those appropriate to accomplish the purpose of the SPE, and the structure of which is intended to isolate the SPE from the Credit Risk of an Originator or seller of Exposures. SPEs are commonly used as financing vehicles in which Exposures are sold to a trust or similar entity in exchange for cash or other assets funded by debt issued by the trust.

Specific Risk

The risk that losses on an Authorised Firm’s net long or short position in an individual equity or Security may arise from a negative or positive price movement of that equity or Security relative to the relevant market generally.

Sponsor

An Authorised Firm that repackages third party assets directly into a securitisation scheme. Where an Authorised Firm repackages non-Investment Grade third party assets, it may fall within the definition of an Originator unless it originates or repackages no more than 10% of the scheme’s total assets.

19

PIB/VER50/07-25

PR