iture Based Capital Minimum

A Capital Requirement calculated in accordance with section 3.7.

Exposure

The maximum loss that an Authorised Firm (and where applicable its PSIA holders) might suffer if:

(a)

a Counterparty or a group of Connected

Counterparties fail to meet their obligations; or

(b)

it realises assets or off-balance sheet positions.

An Exposure also includes any asset or off-balance sheet item, which could result in a potential loss to the Authorised Firm due to Market Risk or Operational Risk or any other risk factor.

FCCA

Financial Collateral Comprehensive Approach as described in Rule 4.9.5.

FCSA

Financial Collateral Simplified Approach as described in Rule 4.9.5.

12

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Financial Group

A group of entities which includes an Authorised Firm and:

(a) any Parent incorporated in the DIFC;

(b) any Financial Institution subsidiaries (whether direct or indirect) of the Parent or Parents in (a) or of the Authorised Firm;

(c) any Financial Institution in which the Parent or Parents in (a), the Financial Institution subsidiaries in (b) or the Authorised Firm (whether direct or indirect) hold 20% or more of the voting rights or capital; and

(d) any entity which the DFSA directs the Authorised Firm to include in accordance with Rule 8.1.2 or PIN Rule 8.1.2.

Financial Group Capital Requirement

The Capital Requirement of a Financial Group calculated in accordance with Rule 8.3.3 or PIN Rule 8.3.3.

Financial Group Capital Resources

The Capital Resources of a Financial Group calculated in accordance with Rule 8.3.4 or PIN 8.3.4.

First Loss Position

Represents the first level of support provided to the special purpose entity or vehicle that should bear all, or a significant part of, the risk associated with the items held by the special purpose entity or vehicle.

Foreign Exchange Risk Capital Requirement

A component of the Market Risk Capital Requirement and as calculated in accordance with section 5.6.

Gamma

The measure of the rate of change of Delta.

General Market Risk

(1) For the purposes of the Interest Rate Risk Capital Requirement, means the risk that losses may arise from price changes in Securities caused by parallel or non-parallel shifts in the yield curve or from price movements in the equity market for a given country;

(2) For

the Equity Risk Capital Requirement, means the risk that losses may arise from a price movement in the equity market for a given country; or

the purposes of

(3) For the purposes of internal models, means both of

the above risks.

Global Systemically Important Bank (G- SIB)

An Authorised Firm designated by the DFSA under section 1.4 as a global systemically important bank.

13

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Group

Means a group of entities which includes an entity (the ‘first entity’) and:

(a) any Parent of the first entity; and

(b) any subsidiaries (direct or indirect) of the Parent or

Parents in (a) or the first entity.

Group Risk

The risk of loss to the Authorised Firm as a result of its membership of, or linkages within a Group.

High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA)

Liquid assets that meet the conditions in Rules A9.2.2 to A9.2.9 of App 9.

HLA Capital Buffer

A higher loss absorbency capital buffer that a SIB must maintain under section 3.9B.

HLA Capital Buffer Requirement

The requirement to maintain a higher loss absorbency capital buffer under section 3.9B.

HLA Ratio

In relation to a SIB, means the ratio determined by the DFSA under Rule 3.9B.6 for that SIB.

ICR (Individual Capital Requirement)

Individual capital requirement.

Implicit Support

Arises when an Authorised Firm provides support to a securitisation in excess of its predetermined contractual obligation.

Individual Liquidity Requirement

An individual liquidity requirement imposed