 to a party other than:

(a) a sovereign;

(b) a regional, provincial or municipal government;

(c) a public sector entity;

(d) a multilateral development bank; or

(e) a bank.

Non-Trading Book

Describes positions, Exposures and on-and off-balance sheet items, which are not in the Trading Book.

NP

Nominal principal amount.

NSFR Requirement

The requirement for an Authorised Firm to maintain a minimum NSFR under Rule 9.3.12(1) or, if applicable, Rule 9.3.6.

OBS

Off-balance sheet.

OBS Exposure

An Exposure of an Authorised Firm that is off-balance sheet.

OBS-RSF Category

A category, listed in Table 2 to Rule A9.4.2, to which carrying value of an OBS Exposure (or potential liquidity Exposure) is assigned.

OBS-RSF Factor

The factor, listed in Table 2 to Rule A9.4.2, used to multiply the carrying value of an OBS Exposure (or a potential liquidity Exposure).

Operational Risk

The risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events, including legal risk.

Operational Risk Capital Requirement

The requirement calculated in accordance with section 6.11.

Option Risk Capital Requirement

A component of the Market Risk Capital Requirement and calculated in accordance with section 5.8.

Original Maturity

(1) The time period between the date an offer is made

and the date it expires or lapses.

(2) In relation to Debentures, the interval between its issue date and the date on which it becomes due and payable.

16

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Originator

(a) an entity which, either itself or through related entities, directly or indirectly, creates the Exposure being securitised; or

(b) any entity which purchases or advises or causes an SPE to purchase the Exposures of a third party, which are then used in a securitisation (for avoidance of doubt, selling credit protection such that the entity or the SPE has a long position in the Credit Risk of the obligor is equivalent to purchasing Exposures);

Where an entity lends to an SPE with a view to enabling that SPE to make loans which are then used in a securitisation, the entity will generally be deemed to be acting as an Originator.

OTC

Over the counter

Other Real Estate Exposure

A Real Estate Exposure that is not a Regulatory Real Estate Exposure or an ADC Exposure.

PSE

Public Sector Entity

PSIA

Profit sharing investment account.

Qualifying Bilateral Netting Agreement

A Netting agreement that meets the requirements in Rule A4.3.4.

Qualifying CCP

Means a CCP:

(a) that

is operated by an Authorised Person

in

accordance with its Licence; or

(b) in respect of which all of the following conditions are

met: (i)

(ii)

(iii)

the CCP is authorised and supervised by a Financial Services Regulator in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC; the Financial Services Regulator has publicly stated that it applies on an ongoing basis rules and regulations that are consistent with the CPSS-IOSCO Principles for Financial Market Infrastructures; and the CCP satisfies requirements requirements for its default fund exposures.

the Basel Committee its capital

for calculating

Qualifying Holding

Any holding in the capital of a non-financial Undertaking of which the Authorised Firm is a controller.

Related Person

Has the meaning given in Rule 4.4.6.

Real Estate Exposure

An Exposure secured by a lien on immovable property.

17

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Regulatory Commercial Real Estate Exposure

A Commercial Real Estate Exposure that is a Regulatory Real Estate Exposure.

Regulatory Real Estate Exposure

A Real Estate Exposure that meets the conditions in Rule 4.12.20.

Regulatory Residential Real Estate Exposure

A Residential Real Estate Exposure that is a Regulatory Real Estate Exposure.

Relevant Entity

Means any of the following:

(a) another Authorised Firm;

(b