 source of risk for a bank or a firm that deals on its own account (including underwriting on a firm commitment basis) and whose Non- Trading Book assets equal or exceed 15% of its total assets. Interest rate risk in the Non-Trading Book may arise from a number of sources, for example:

a.

risks related to the mismatch of repricing of assets and liabilities and off balance sheet short and long-term positions;

b.

risks arising from hedging exposure to one interest rate with exposure to a rate which reprices under slightly different conditions;

c.

risks related to the uncertainties of occurrence of transactions, for example, when expected future transactions do not equal the actual transactions; and

d.

risks arising from consumers redeeming fixed rate products when market rates change.

7.1

Application

7.1.1

This chapter applies to an Authorised Firm in Category 1 or 2 (other than a Matched Principal) on a solo basis.

7.1.2 Where an Authorised Firm to which this chapter applies is part of a Financial Group, this chapter also applies on a consolidated basis in relation to all the entities within the Financial Group.

7.2

Stress testing for Non-Trading Book interest rate risk

7.2.1

An Authorised Firm must carry out an evaluation of its Exposure to the interest rate risk arising from its Non-Trading Book activities. An Authorised Firm with balance sheet positions in different currencies must measure its risk Exposures in each of the material currencies.

7.2.2

(1)

The evaluation under Rule 7.2.1 must cover the effect of a sudden and unexpected parallel change in interest rates of 200 basis points in both directions.

(2)

An Authorised Firm must apply a 200 basis point shock to each material currency Exposure it faces as part of its Non-Trading Book.

192

PIB/VER50/07-25

7.2.3

7.2.4

7.2.5

7.2.6

7.3

7.3.1

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

An Authorised Firm must immediately notify the DFSA if any evaluation under this section suggests that, as a result of the change in interest rates described in Rule 7.2.2, the economic value of the firm would decline by more than 20% of its Capital Resources.

Guidance

For the purposes of Rule 7.2.1, an Authorised Firm should consider each currency accounting for 5% or more of its Non-Trading Book assets or Non-Trading book liabilities as a material currency Exposure.

Frequency of stress testing

An Authorised Firm must carry out the evaluations required by Rule 7.2.1 as frequently as necessary for it to be reasonably satisfied that it has at all times a sufficient understanding of the degree to which it is exposed to the risks referred to in that Rule and the nature of that Exposure. In any case it must carry out those evaluations no less frequently than required by Rule 7.2.6.

In order to carry out effectively the stress testing requirements specified in Rule 7.2.2, an Authorised Firm must include appropriate scenarios into its stress testing programmes for measuring its vulnerability to loss arising from the impact of adverse interest rate movements on its Non-Trading Book structure.

(1)

Subject to (2), the minimum frequency of the evaluation referred to in Rule 7.2.1 is once each year.

(2)

The minimum frequency of an evaluation of the effect of a sudden and unexpected parallel change in interest rates as referred to in Rule 7.2.2 is once each quarter.

Guidance

For the purposes of Rule 7.2.6, an Authorised Firm should consider the standards for stress testing recommended in the paper published by the Basel Committee for Banking Supervision – Principles for management and supervision of interest rate risk – in July 2004. In particular, an Authorised Firm should include the technical specifications of a standardised interest rate shock detailed in Annex 3 of that paper as part of its systems for measurement of interest rate risk in the Non-Trading Book.

Non-Trading Book interest rate risk under chapter 10

In order to meet effectively the obligations specified under chapter 10 of PIB