 of the types and amounts specified in the notice issued to it under Rule 10.6.1 to meet its Individual Capital Requirement.

229

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

11

DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS

Introduction

Guidance

1.

This chapter specifies the disclosures required to be made by an Authorised Firm to enable market participants and potential counterparties to exercise market discipline in relation to the firm. Chapter 11 applies to banks, principal dealers and Islamic banks and specifies the disclosure requirements for such firms.

2.

Appendix 11 provides a detailed list of disclosure requirements for Authorised Firms to which this chapter applies.

11.1 Application and general obligation of disclosure

Guidance

The purpose of the requirements in this chapter is to ensure that minimum public disclosures are made available to market participants to assist them in forming an opinion on the risk profile and capital adequacy of an Authorised Firm. The DFSA expects an Authorised Firm to convey its actual risk profile to market participants.

11.1.1 An Authorised Firm in Category 1, 2 (other than a Matched Principal) or 5 must make

the disclosures as prescribed in this chapter.

11.1.2

(1)

An Authorised Firm which is a member of a Financial Group must, subject to (2), ensure that the disclosures specified in App11 are made at Financial Group level.

(2)

An Authorised Firm which is a Subsidiary of

(a) a Regulated Financial Institution; or

(b) another Authorised Firm which is in Category 1, 2 (other than a

Matched Principal) or 5;

which is already subject to equivalent public disclosure requirements, does not need to comply with the requirements in this chapter to the extent that it meets those equivalent public disclosure requirements.

11.1.3 An Authorised Firm must disclose the quantitative indicators in Table 15 of App 11 if

it is:

(a) a G-SIB; or

(b)

in Category 1 or 5 and has a Leverage Ratio Exposure Measure of US$ 200 Billion or more.

Guidance

An Authorised Firm does not have to disclose the information in Table 15 of App 11 if it is a subsidiary of another Regulated Financial Institution or Authorised Firm that has to disclose the information – see Rule 11.1.2.

230

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

11.2 Disclosure policy

11.2.1 An Authorised Firm must implement and maintain a written disclosure policy that:

(a)

sets out the firm’s approach for determining which of the disclosures set out in App11 it needs to make;

(b)

details the processes and procedures and its internal controls in relation to such disclosure;

(c)

details the medium for disclosure that most appropriately meets the purposes of this chapter; and

(d)

is approved by the Governing Body of the firm.

11.2.2 An Authorised Firm must ensure that appropriate verification, whether internal or external, is performed in relation to any disclosure, and take all reasonable steps to ensure its accuracy and timeliness.

11.2.3 To the extent that any required disclosure is substantially similar to a disclosure required of the Authorised Firm under the International Financial Reporting Standards, a disclosure under such standards must be taken to meet the requirement for disclosure under this chapter.

11.3 Disclosure frequency, locations and process

Frequency

11.3.1

(1)

The disclosures set out in this chapter must be made by the Authorised Firm at least once a year, other than disclosures of CET1 Capital, T1 Capital and T2 Capital, deductions from Capital Resources, Liquidity Coverage Ratio, Net Stable Funding Ratio and Leverage Ratios which must be made on a quarterly basis.

(2)

Reporting deadlines must be in accordance with quarterly and annual reporting obligations under the DFSA Rulebook.

Locations

11.3.2

(1)

An Authorised Firm must, subject to (2), make these disclosures either in its annual report or periodic financial statements.

(2)

An Authorised Firm may disclose the items marked as quantitative in App11 in a medium or location other than its