 be determined.

2.

Other common characteristics of the transactions in Rule 4.14A.1 include the following:

a.

Collateral may be used to mitigate risk exposure and is inherent in the nature of some transactions;

b.

short-term financing may be a primary objective in that the transactions mostly consist of an exchange of one asset for another (cash or securities) for a relatively short period of time, usually for the business purpose of financing; the two sides of the transactions are not the result of separate decisions but form an indivisible whole to accomplish a defined objective;

c.

netting may be used to mitigate the risk;

d.

positions are frequently valued (most commonly on a daily basis), according to market variables; and

e.

remargining may be employed.

Calculating the CCR Exposure

4.14A.2 (1) An Authorised Firm must calculate the Exposure value for the transaction types referred to in Rule 4.14A.1 by applying the methodology set out in section A4.8 in accordance with this Rule.

160

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(2)

If an Authorised Firm purchases protection through a Credit Derivative against a Non-Trading Book Exposure or against a CCR Exposure it may:

(a)

calculate its Credit Risk Capital Requirement for the hedged Exposure in accordance with sections 4.12 and 4.13; and

(b)

set the Exposure value for the Credit Derivative to zero.

(3) An Authorised Firm may set the Exposure value for a sold credit default swap in the Non-Trading Book to zero provided that the credit default swap is:

(a)

treated as credit protection provided by the Authorised Firm; and

(b)

subject to Credit Risk Requirements for the underlying exposure for the full notional amount.

(4) Subject to (5), the Exposure value for a given Counterparty is equal to the sum

of the Exposure amounts for each Netting Set with that Counterparty.

(5) The Exposure value for a given OTC Counterparty is the greater of:

(a)

zero; and

(b)

the difference between the sum of Exposures:

(i)

across all Netting Sets with the Counterparty; and

(ii)

the credit valuation adjustment for that Counterparty that has already been recognised by the Authorised Firm as an incurred write-down without taking into account any offsetting debit value adjustments which has already been excluded from CET1 Capital under Rule 3.13.5.

4.15 Concentration Risk

Applicability and limits

4.15.1 This section applies with respect to Trading Book transactions as calculated in App2

and Non-Trading Book transactions as calculated in section 4.8.

4.15.2 For the purposes of this section an Exposure that arises in the Trading Book is

calculated by summing the following:

(a)

the net positive position (long positions net of short positions) for each financial instrument as set out in Rules A4.11.10 to A4.11.28;

(b)

the Authorised Firm’s net Underwriting Exposures for any Counterparty; and

(c)

any other Exposures arising from transactions, agreements and contracts that would give rise to Counterparty Credit Risk.

4.15.3 For the purposes of this section an Authorised Firm must:

161

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(a)

identify its Exposures;

(b)

identify its Counterparties, including whether any are Closely Related to each other or Connected to the Authorised Firm;

(c)

measure the size of its Exposures;

(d)

establish the value of its Exposures;

(e)

determine the size of its Exposures as a proportion of its Tier 1 Capital;

(f)

identify whether it has Exposures which are subject to the requirements of section 4.13 (Credit Risk mitigation);

(g)

identify which, if any, of its Exposures are exempt in accordance with section A4.11 from the limits set out in Rules 4.15.4 to 4.15.7;

(h)

aggregate its Exposures to the same Counterparty