 Firm must develop a funding strategy that provides effective diversification in the sources and nature of its funding.

(2)

An Authorised Firm must ensure that the funding strategy is in writing and is approved by its Governing Body.

(3)

The funding strategy must be in line with the Authorised Firm’s stated Liquidity Risk tolerance and supported by robust assumptions that are consistent with the Authorised Firm’s budgeting and business planning process.

(4)

The funding strategy must be supported by systems that allow the Authorised Firm to identify, measure, manage and monitor funding positions.

(5)

An Authorised Firm must ensure that its funding strategy is reviewed regularly and at least annually, and is updated as necessary in light of changed funding conditions and any change in the Authorised Firm’s strategy.

213

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(6)

An Authorised Firm must notify the DFSA in writing immediately of any material changes to the Authorised Firm’s funding strategy.

Guidance

1.

The diversification under Rule 9.2A.1(1) should include, for example, different counterparties, instruments, currencies, geographies and markets.

2.

The assumptions in Rule 9.2A.1(3) should be forward looking and take into account the macroeconomic and market conditions in which the Authorised Firm operates and any other factors that are likely to impact its funding position.

3.

The DFSA expects that funding positions referred to in Rule 9.2A.1(4) would cover both present and projected positions across multiple time horizons generated from both on- and off-balance sheet items.

4.

In order to formulate the funding strategy properly, an Authorised Firm should pay attention to other risks, including, for example, credit, market, operational and reputational risk and their impact on funding requirements.

5.

An Authorised Firm should maintain an ongoing presence in its chosen funding markets and strong relationships with funds providers.

9.2A.2 (1)

An Authorised Firm must assess market access under a variety of normal and stressed conditions.

(2)

An Authorised Firm must assess regularly its capacity to raise funds quickly including on a secured and unsecured basis.

(3)

An Authorised Firm must:

(a)

identify the main factors that affect its ability to raise funds; and

(b) monitor those factors closely to ensure that estimates of fund raising

capacity remain valid.

Stress testing

9.2A.3 (1)

An Authorised Firm must conduct stress tests regularly to identify sources of potential liquidity strain and to ensure that its exposures remain within its Liquidity Risk tolerance.

(2)

When using stress testing in accordance with (1), an Authorised Firm must:

(a) use scenarios based on varying degrees of short-term and protracted in institution-specific and market-wide stress (individually and combination); and

(b)

include a cash-flow projection for each scenario tested, based on reasonable estimates of the impact (both on and off-balance sheet) of that scenario on the Authorised Firm's funding needs and sources.

214

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(3)

An Authorised Firm must fully document its stress test scenarios and related assumptions, and review the scenarios and assumptions, at least annually, to ensure they remain appropriate.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Firm should consider carefully the design of stress scenarios and the variety of shocks used. Regardless of how strong its current liquidity situation appears to be, it should take a conservative approach when setting stress testing assumptions. It should consider the potential impact of severe stress scenarios and how they would affect the following Liquidity Risk drivers as applicable to the firm’s operations:

a.

retail funding risk;

b.

wholesale secured and unsecured funding risk;

c.

risks arising from funding markets;

d.

lack of diversification between funding types;

e.

off-balance sheet funding risk;

f.

risks arising from the firm’s funding tenors;

g.

risks associated with a deterioration of the firm’s credit rating;

h.

cross-currency funding risk;

i.

risk that liquidity resources cannot be transferred across entities, sectors and countries;

j.

funding risks