 Credit Derivatives and Netting are often employed after the credit is in place, or used to manage the overall portfolio risk. When the mitigation arrangements are in place they should then be controlled. Authorised Firms should have written policies, procedures and controls for the use of credit mitigation techniques. They should also ensure adequate systems are in place to manage these activities.

60. Authorised Firms should revalue their Collateral and mitigation instruments on a regular basis. The method and frequency of revaluation depends on the nature of the hedge and the products involved.

61.

If an Authorised Firm takes security or Collateral, on credit facilities, appropriate policies and procedures should be documented covering:

a.

the types of security or Collateral considered;

b.

procedures governing the valuation and revaluation of security or Collateral including the basis of valuation;

c.

policies governing the taking of security or Collateral, including obtaining appropriate legal title; and

d.

policies governing possession of security or Collateral.

62.

The value of security and Collateral should be monitored at an appropriate frequency. For example, commercial property might be revalued annually, whereas Securities provided as Collateral should be marked to market usually on a daily basis. Residential property may not need to be revalued annually, but information should be sought as to general market conditions.

63. When taking Collateral in support of an Exposure, an Authorised Firm should ensure that legal procedures have been followed, to ensure the Collateral can be enforced if required.

64. An Authorised Firm should consider the legal and financial ability of a guarantor to fulfil the guarantee if called upon to do so.

65. An Authorised Firm should analyse carefully the protection afforded by risk mitigants such as Netting agreements or Credit Derivatives, to ensure that any residual Credit Risk is identified, measured, monitored and controlled.

266

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

66. An Authorised Firm providing mortgages at high loan-to-value ratios should consider the need for alternative forms of protection against the risks of such lending, including mortgage indemnity insurance, to protect against the risk of a fall in the value of the property.

Record keeping

67.

The Authorised Firm should maintain appropriate records of:

a.

credit Exposures, including aggregations of credit Exposures, by:

i.

Groups of Connected Counterparties; and

ii.

types of Counterparty as defined, for example, by the nature or geographical location of the Counterparty;

b.

credit decisions, including details of the facts or circumstances upon which a decision was made; and

c.

information relevant to assessing current credit quality.

68.

Credit records should be retained for at least six years, subject to any requirement in the Rules requiring such records to be kept for a longer period.

69.

It is important that sound and legally enforceable documentation is in place for each credit agreement as this may be called upon in the event of a default or dispute. An Authorised Firm should therefore consider whether it is appropriate for an independent legal opinion to be sought on documentation used by the Authorised Firm. Documentation should be in place before the Authorised Firm enters into a contractual obligation or releases funds.

Country and transfer risk Exposure

70.

Chapter 4 does not provide limits on the size of an Authorised Firm's Exposure to a particular country or region. However, an Authorised Firm which has Large Exposures in a country or region should include in its Credit Risk policy:

a.

the geographical areas in which the Authorised Firm does or intends to do business;

b.

its definition of Credit Risk Exposure and transfer risks (such as exchange restrictions) associated with doing business in each country or region;

c.

how to measure its total Exposure in each country or region and across several countries or regions;

d.

the types of business the Authorised Firm intends to undertake in each country or region;

e.

limits on Exposures to an individual country or region which the Authorised Firm deals with, and sub-limits for different types of business if appropriate;

f.

the procedure for setting and reviewing country or regional limits; and

g.

the process by which the Authorised Firm's actual country or regional Exposures will be monitored against limits and the procedure to be followed if the limits are breached.

71.