 referred to in Rule 9.2.1(2) and (3).

(2)

An Authorised Firm must assess the cash flows for its assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items under both normal market conditions and stressed conditions resulting from either general market turbulence or firm-specific difficulties.

(3)

An Authorised Firm must assess the extent to which committed facilities can be relied upon under stressed conditions identified in accordance with Rule 9.2A.3.

(4)

An Authorised Firm must consider potential liability concentrations when determining the appropriate mix of liabilities.

(5)

An Authorised Firm must identify the Liquidity Risk across all legal entities, branches and subsidiaries and in all jurisdictions in which it operates.

(6)

If an Authorised Firm has significant, unhedged liquidity mismatches in particular currencies, it must assess:

208

PIB/VER50/07-25

9.2.5

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(a)

the volatilities of the exchange rates of the mismatched currencies;

(b)

likely access to the foreign exchange markets in normal and stressed conditions; and

(c)

the stability of deposits in those currencies with the Authorised Firm in stressed conditions.

Guidance

1.

As part of the assessment for the purposes of Rule 9.2.4(2), an Authorised Firm should:

a.

identify significant concentrations within its asset portfolio; and

b.

value the assets conservatively, taking into account the likely deterioration in the value of assets under market-wide stress conditions.

2.

For the purposes of Rule 9.2.4(4), an Authorised Firm should consider factors including:

a.

the term structure of its liabilities;

b.

the credit-sensitivity of its liabilities;

c.

the mix of secured and unsecured funding;

d.

concentrations among its liability providers or related Groups of liability providers;

e.

reliance on particular instruments or products;

f.

the geographical location of liability providers; and

g.

reliance on intra-Group funding.

3.

As appropriate, an Authorised Firm would be expected to consider the amount of funding required by:

a.

commitments given;

b.

standby facilities given;

c.

wholesale overdraft facilities given;

d.

proprietary derivatives positions; and

e.

liquidity facilities given for securitisation transactions.

Measuring and monitoring Liquidity Risk

(1)

An Authorised Firm must ensure that the method referred to in Rule 9.2.1(3)(b) for measuring Liquidity Risk is capable of:

(a) measuring the extent of the Liquidity Risk it is incurring;

(b)

tracking early warning indicators to aid the Liquidity Risk management processes;

209

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(c)

dealing with the dynamic aspects of the Authorised Firm's liquidity profile;

(d) where appropriate, measuring the Authorised Firm's Exposure to

Foreign Currency Liquidity Risk; and

(e) where appropriate, measuring the Authorised Firm's Exposure to PSIA

and Islamic Contract Liquidity Risk.

(2)

An Authorised Firm must establish and maintain a system of management reporting which provides relevant, accurate, comprehensive, timely, forward looking and reliable Liquidity Risk reports to relevant functions within the Authorised Firm.

(3)

The method for measuring Liquidity Risk under (1)(a) must enable the Authorised Firm to forecast prospective cash flows for assets, liabilities, off- balance sheet commitments and contingent liabilities over a variety of time horizons, under both normal conditions and a range of stress scenarios, including scenarios of severe stress.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Firm, in measuring its Liquidity Risk under Rule 9.2.5(1)(a), should ensure that:

(a) the variety of time horizons cover changes in liquidity needs and funding capacity on an

intra-day, daily, short-term, medium-term and long–term basis;

(b) it considers the vulnerabilities of cash flows to events, activities and business strategies;

(c) its dynamic cash flow forecasts are carried out at a sufficiently detailed level and include assumptions on the actions of key counterparties in response to changes in operating conditions;

(d) cash flows in all