The ICAAP assessment conducted by the firm pursuant to (2) must be approved by its Governing Body and then submitted to the DFSA within four months from the end of the firm’s financial year.

(4)

In addition to (2), the firm must conduct an ICAAP assessment:

(a) whenever there is material change to the business, strategy, nature or scale of the activities of the firm which may have a significant impact on its risk profile or adequacy of its Capital Resources or Adjusted Capital Resources, as applicable; or

(b) as and when required by the DFSA.

(5)

The ICAAP assessment conducted by the firm pursuant to (4) must be approved by its Governing Body and then submitted to the DFSA within two months from the date of such material change or requirement.

10.4.3 An Authorised Firm must ensure that an ICAAP assessment is documented in writing

and includes details of:

227

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(a)

the calculations and models used in the determination of the level of Capital Requirements which it considers will be adequate to cover all the risks identified by its ICAAP assessment;

(b)

the firm’s strategies and plans to ensure availability of the level of capital determined by the ICAAP;

(c)

specifications of any models used in the ICAAP , including the underlying assumptions, parameters, and results of back-testing; and

(d)

any other relevant information, giving due and appropriate regard to the Guidance in App10.

10.4.4 An Authorised Firm must retain the records of an ICAAP assessment for at least six

years.

10.5 SREP

Guidance

1.

The DFSA may conduct a SREP to review and evaluate the assessments carried out by an Authorised Firm under its IRAP and ICAAP. Section A10.3 of App10 contains guidance in relation to a SREP.

2.

The DFSA may engage with a firm in a dialogue where, following an SREP, the DFSA considers that it is or may be appropriate to impose an Individual Capital Requirement on the firm.

3.

It is important that a firm cooperates in an open and co-operative manner with the DFSA in the course of its conduct of the dialogue.

10.6

Imposition of an Individual Capital Requirement

10.6.1

(1)

This section applies to an Authorised Firm in Category 1, 2 or 5.

(2)

The DFSA may, subject to (3) and (4), at any time by written notice to an Authorised Firm:

(a)

impose an Individual Capital Requirement; or

(b)

vary or withdraw an Individual Capital Requirement.

(3)

The DFSA may act under (2) on its own initiative where the DFSA forms the view that the firm’s Capital Requirement is insufficient to address adequately all its risks.

(4)

The DFSA will, in addition to prescribing an Individual Capital Requirement, also specify in the notice the types and amounts of Capital Resources required to meet the Individual Capital Requirement.

(5)

The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law apply to a decision of the DFSA under (2) made after a Licence has been granted.

228

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(6)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under (2) after a Licence has been granted, the Authorised Firm may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

10.6.2 An Authorised Firm must have and maintain, at all times, Capital Resources of the types and amounts specified in the notice issued to it under Rule 10.6.1 to meet its Individual Capital Requirement.

229

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

11

DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS

Introduction

Guidance

1.

This chapter specifies the disclosures required to be made by an Authorised Firm to enable market participants and potential counterparties to exercise market discipline in relation to the firm. Chapter 11 applies to banks, principal dealers and Islamic