 a foreign exchange rate for a foreign exchange call option, etc.). When this primary risk factor is clearly identifiable, the transaction will fall into one the asset classes.

2.

Under Rule A4.8.4(3)(b) the DFSA may require more complex trades (i.e. trades that may have more than one risk driver such as multi-asset or hybrid derivatives) to be allocated to more than one asset class, resulting in the same position being included in multiple classes. In this case, for each asset class to which the position is allocated, the Authorised Firm should determine appropriately the sign and delta adjustment of the relevant risk driver.

Hedging sets

A4.8.5 (1) An Authorised Firm must form hedging sets and allocate each transaction of a

Netting Set to those hedging sets, as follows:

(a)

for transactions allocated to the interest rate asset class a separate hedging set must be formed for all transactions that reference interest rates of the same currency;

(b)

for transactions allocated to the foreign exchange asset class a separate hedging set must be formed for all transactions that are based on the same currency pair;

(c)

all transactions allocated to the credit asset class must form a single hedging set;

(d) all transactions allocated to the equity asset class must form a single hedging

set;

(e)

for transactions allocated to the commodities asset class a separate hedging set must be formed for each of the following four broad categories:

(i) energy;

(ii) metals;

(iii) agricultural; and

(iv) other commodities,

unless the DFSA requires the Authorised Firm to use more refined definitions of commodities when it is significantly exposed to the basis risk of different products within those commodity types.

(2) Within each asset class an Authorised Firm must form separate hedging sets for

transactions that reference:

285

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(a)

the basis between two risk factors from the same asset class and that are denominated in a single currency (‘Basis Transactions’); or

(b)

the volatility of a risk factor (‘Volatility Transactions’).

(3) For the purpose of (2)(a), an Authorised Firm must form a separate hedging set for

each specific pair of risk factors.

Guidance

1.

Examples of specific bases of Basis Transactions include three-month SOFR versus six-month SOFR, three-month SOFR versus three-month T-Bill, one-month SOFR versus overnight indexed swap rate, Brent Crude oil versus Henry Hub gas.

2.

Transactions with two floating legs that are denominated in different currencies (such as cross- currency swaps) are not subject to the treatment in Rule A4.8.5(2)(a) and should be treated as non- basis foreign exchange transactions.

3.

For hedging sets consisting of Basis Transactions, long and short positions should be determined with respect to the basis.

4.

Examples of Volatility Transactions include variance and volatility swaps, options and realised or implied volatility. Volatility hedging sets follow the hedging set construction under Rule A4.8.5(1). For example, all equity volatility transactions form a single hedging set.

Potential future exposure

A4.8.6 (1) An Authorised Firm must calculate the potential future exposure, PFE, of a Netting

Set using the following formula:

PFE = multiplier ∙ AddOnagg

where:

multiplier = the multiplier

factor

that allows

for

the recognition of over-

collateralisation or negative mark-to-market value of the transactions, calculated using the formula in (3)

AddOnagg = the aggregate add-ons for each asset class, calculated using the

formula in (4)

(2) An Authorised Firm must calculate the PFE of multiple Netting Sets that are subject to a single Margin Agreement, as referred to in Rule A4.8.3(4), as the sum of the PFE of all the individual Netting Sets as if they were not subject to any form of Margin Agreement.

(3) For the purpose of (1) an Authorised Firm must calculate the multiplier as follows:

multiplier = min{1;Floor + (1 − Floor) ∙ exp(

V − CH 2 ∙ (1 −