2)

An Authorised Firm may, with the written approval of the DFSA, use the Standardised Approach or the Alternative Standardised Approach, both as prescribed in App6, to calculate its Operational Risk Capital Requirement if the DFSA is satisfied that:

185

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(a)

its Governing Body and senior management, as appropriate, are actively involved in the oversight of its Operational Risk framework;

(b)

it has, in accordance with the requirements set out in this chapter, implemented and maintains an Operational Risk policy which provides for a sound and well-defined risk management framework to address the Authorised Firm’s Operational Risk; and

(c)

it has dedicated sufficient resources in the use of the relevant approach in its major business lines and its control and audit functions.

6.11.3 An Authorised Firm seeking to apply the Standardised Approach or the Alternative Standardised Approach must develop specific policies and have documented criteria for mapping gross income for current business lines and activities into the Standardised Approach or the Alternative Standardised Approach, as prescribed in App6. The criteria must be reviewed and adjusted for new or changing business activities as appropriate.

6.11.4 Once an Authorised Firm has written approval to apply the Standardised Approach or Alternative Standardised Approach, it must not revert to the Basic Indicator Approach without DFSA approval.

6.11.5

(1)

The DFSA may at any time by written notice require an Authorised Firm to adopt a specified approach to calculating its Operational Risk Capital Requirement where the DFSA considers that this is:

(a) appropriate given the nature, size, complexity and risk profile of the

Authorised Firm’s business; or

(b) necessary in the prevailing economic circumstances and it is in the

interests of the DIFC.

(2)

An Authorised Firm must comply with a requirement made under (1).

6.12 Professional indemnity insurance

6.12.1 This section applies to an Authorised Firm in Category 3B, 3C, 3D or 4 which undertake one or more of the Financial Services prescribed in Rule 6.1.1(c).

6.12.2 An Authorised Firm must:

(a)

take out and maintain professional indemnity insurance cover appropriate to the nature, size, complexity and risk profile of the Authorised Firm’s business;

(b)

at least annually, provide the DFSA with a copy of the professional indemnity insurance cover in (a) covering the following twelve month period; and

(c)

notify the DFSA of any material changes to the cover in (a), including the level of cover, its renewal or termination.

186

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Guidance

1.

In complying with Rule 6.12.2, an Authorised Firm should take out and maintain a contract for professional indemnity insurance (PII) from a reputable and well-capitalised insurer and such contract should include cover in respect of claims for which the Authorised Firm may be liable as a result of the conduct of itself and its Employees and appropriate cover in respect of legal costs arising from a claim.

2.

Pursuant to Rule 6.4.1(c), an Authorised Firm should notify the DFSA of any significant PII claim made. What amounts to a significant claim will depend on the nature size and complexity of the Authorised Firm and the DFSA would expect the Authorised Firm to treat a series of small single claims which are significant in aggregate as significant for the purposes of Rule 6.4.1(c).

3.

An Authorised Firm can fulfil the requirements under this section by ensuring coverage of its activities under a group-wide PII policy, provided that policy covers the Authorised Firm and its activities and that policy meets the conditions specified in this section. Where the Authorised Firm’s group PII cover does not meet the requirements specified under this section, the Authorised Firm will be required to obtain PII cover that meets those requirements.

6.13 Management of Operational Risk in Money Services

6.13.1 This section applies to an Authorised Firm that provides:

(a) Money Services;

(b) Account Information Services; or

(c)