 to consider the need for an adjustment to a position’s valuation to reflect current illiquidity whether the position is marked-to-market using market prices or observable inputs, third-party valuations or marked-to-model. Bearing in mind that the assumptions made in relation to calculating VaR may not be consistent with the Authorised Firm’s ability to sell or hedge out less liquid positions, where appropriate, Authorised Firms should take an adjustment to the current valuation of these positions, and review their continued appropriateness on an on-going basis. Reduced liquidity may have arisen from market events. Additionally, close-out prices for concentrated positions and/or stale positions should be considered in establishing the adjustment.

12. Authorised Firms should consider all relevant factors when determining the appropriateness of the adjustment for less liquid positions. These factors may include, but are not limited to, the amount of time it would take to hedge out the position/risks within the position, the average volatility of bid/offer spreads, the availability of independent market quotes (number and identity of market makers), the average and volatility of trading volumes (including trading volumes during periods of market stress), market concentrations, the aging of positions, the extent to which valuation relies on marking-to-model, and the impact of other model risks not included in Guidance note 10. For complex products including, but not limited to, securitisation Exposures and n-th-to-default Credit Derivatives, Authorised Firms who are approved to use models to calculate Market Risk should explicitly assess the need for valuation adjustments to reflect two forms of model risk: the model risk associated with using a possibly incorrect valuation methodology; and the risk associated with using unobservable (and possibly incorrect) calibration parameters in the valuation model.

14.

The adjustment to the current valuation of less liquid positions made under Guidance note 11 is likely to impact minimum Capital Requirements and may exceed those valuation adjustments made under the International Financial Reporting Standards and Guidance notes 8 and 9.

256

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

APP3 CAPITAL

A3.1 Stress and scenario testing

Guidance

1.

Stress and scenario testing seek to anticipate possible losses or risks that might occur or become manifest. In applying them an Authorised Firm needs to decide how far forward to forecast and may want to consider the following factors:

a.

how quickly it would be able to identify events or changes in circumstances that might lead to a loss occurring or risk crystallising; and

b.

after the event or circumstance has been identified, how quickly and effectively the Authorised Firm could act to prevent or mitigate any resulting loss occurring or risk crystallising and to reduce its Exposure to any further adverse event or change in circumstance.

2.

For example, the time horizon over which stress and scenario testing would need to be carried out for the Market Risk arising from the holding of investments would depend upon:

a.

the extent to which there is a regular, open and transparent market in those assets, which would allow fluctuations in the value of the investment to be more readily and quickly identified; and

b.

the extent to which the market in those assets is liquid (and would remain liquid in the changed circumstances contemplated in the stress or scenario test) which would allow the Authorised Firm, if needed, to sell its holding so as to prevent or reduce its Exposure to future price fluctuations.

3.

Authorised Firms should focus on those scenarios and combinations of scenarios that are considered reasonably likely to occur. For this purpose other risks and losses include business risk, i.e. the potential impact of changes in business plans, future activities, and the business or economic environment.

4.

In identifying what realistic combinations of losses or risks might occur or crystallise, an Authorised Firm should take into account scenarios in which expected correlations occur and where they might break down.

5.

In identifying scenarios and assessing their impact, an Authorised Firm should take into account how changes in circumstances might impact upon:

a.

the nature, scale and mix of future activities; and

b.

the behaviour of Counterparties, and of the Authorised Firm itself, including the exercise of choices (including options embedded in financial instruments).

6.

In determining whether it would have adequate financial resources in the event of each identified adverse scenario, an Authorised Firm should:

a.

only include financial resources that