 Risk mitigation;

(b)

the Exposures must not form part of the Tier 1 Capital of the Counterparty;

(c)

the Counterparty Risk profile must be subject to review on at least an annual basis; and

(d)

Exposures of this nature must not in any case exceed a maximum of US$ 100 million or 100% of Tier 1 Capital, whichever is the lower.

Guidance

The DFSA will, in exceptional circumstances, consider an application to waive or modify the limits set out above. In such circumstances the Authorised Firm will have to make a submission to the DFSA as to why its specific circumstances would warrant a relaxation of the limits specified in (d) above.

Systems and Controls

4.15.11 (1)

An Authorised Firm must implement and maintain systems and controls to identify its Exposures and effectively manage Concentration Risks as a result of its activities.

164

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(2)

Such systems and controls in place must be proportionate to the nature, scale and complexity of the Authorised Firm and must include written policies and procedures to address Concentration Risks, both on and off balance sheet, which:

(a) are approved by the Governing Body on at least an annual basis; and

(b)

include internal approval limits for Exposures as well as limits for the risks associated with specific sectors, geographic location and single economic risk factors.

Guidance

The DFSA expects the systems and controls to include:

a.

processes for the tiered approval of Exposures based on size, risk profile and complexity;

b.

mechanisms for identifying, recording and monitoring all Exposures with particular focus on Large Exposures;

c.

mechanisms in place for the monitoring and control of Exposures to Counterparties and Groups of Connected Counterparties;

d.

mechanisms for monitoring and recording Exposures within its Group;

e.

mechanisms to monitor Counterparties in the same economic sector and exposed to single economic risks;

f.

mechanisms to identify and control risks arising from single geographic jurisdictions; and

g.

mechanisms to identify risks arising from related activities or commodities.

Recognition of Credit Risk mitigations

4.15.12 (1)

For the purposes of this section, an Authorised Firm may reduce the value of its Exposures, at its discretion, by any one or more of the following:

(a)

the amount of any specific provision made, where the provision relates to the risk of a credit loss occurring on that Exposure and is not held as part of a general provision or reserve against its Credit Risks;

(b)

Netting its claims on and liabilities to a Counterparty, provided that the conditions in section 4.13 of Credit Risk mitigation are met;

(c)

the amount of Collateral held against its Exposures, where that Collateral is of a type listed based on the FCSA and FCCA approaches and meeting the requirements under section 4.13;

(d)

the amount of any eligible guarantees as permitted under section 4.13.9;

(e)

the value of a Credit Derivative, where the Credit Derivative is an instrument included in Rule 4.13.11 and the transaction meets the conditions set out in that section; and

165

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(f)

the effects of transactions transferring Credit Risks from the Authorised Firm to another party through securitisation, provided that the conditions in section 4.14 are met.

(2) Where Credit Risk mitigation is used against an Exposure, an Authorised Firm must reduce the value of the original Exposure and recognise an equal Exposure to the Credit Risk mitigation provider, except where:

(a)

a credit default swap is used; and

(b)

neither the reference entity, nor the credit default swap provider, is a Financial Institution,

(3) For the purposes of Exposure shifting under (2), the amount subject to shifting

is:

(a)

the value of the protected portion for an unfunded credit protection;

(b)

where the FCSA is used, the market value of the collateral; and

