out the manner in which each of those subsidiary Capital Requirements must be calculated, monitored and controlled by an Authorised Firm.

2.

In addition to complying with the applicable Rules in chapter 5, an Authorised Firm investing in or holding Islamic Contracts whether or not for the purpose of a PSIA will need to take account of the provisions under IFR Rules 5.4.8 to 5.4.14 to calculate the Market Risk for those Islamic Contracts.

5.2 Market Risk systems and controls

5.2.1

(1)

An Authorised Firm in Category 1, 2, 3A or 5 must implement and maintain a Market Risk policy which enables it to identify, assess, control and monitor Market Risk.

(2)

The policy must be documented and include the Authorised Firm’s risk appetite and how it identifies, assesses, mitigates, controls and monitors that risk.

(3)

An Authorised Firm must:

(a) ensure that its risk management systems enable it to implement the

Market Risk policy;

(b)

identify, assess, mitigate, control and monitor its Market Risk; and

(c)

review and update the policy at intervals that are appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of its activities.

Guidance

Guidance in respect of what an Authorised Firm’s Market Risk policy should include is provided in section A5.1.

5.3

Calculation of the Market Risk Capital Requirement

5.3.1

An Authorised Firm must calculate its Market Risk Capital Requirement as the sum of the following components:

(a)

Interest Rate Risk Capital Requirement;

(b)

Equity Risk Capital Requirement;

(c)

Foreign Exchange Risk Capital Requirement;

(d)

Commodities Risk Capital Requirement;

(e)

Option Risk Capital Requirement;

(f)

Collective Investment Fund Risk Capital Requirement;

169

PIB/VER50/07-25

5.4

5.4.1

5.5

5.5.1

5.6

5.6.1

5.6.2

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(g)

Securities Underwriting Capital Requirement; and

(h)

Credit Valuation Adjustment Risk Capital Requirement.

Guidance

1.

Detailed Rules and Guidance in respect of the Market Risk Capital Requirement and each of its components in (a) to (g) are contained in this chapter.

2.

Rules and Guidance in respect of calculating Market Risk for Islamic Contracts are contained in IFR chapter 5.

Interest Rate Risk Capital Requirement

An Authorised Firm in Category 1 or 2 (other than a Matched Principal) must calculate its Interest Rate Risk Capital Requirement in respect of Trading Book transactions:

(a)

by applying its internal Market Risk model which has been approved by the DFSA for this purpose; or

(b)

by applying the Rules set out in section A5.2.

Equity Risk Capital Requirement

An Authorised Firm in Category 1, 2 (other than a Matched Principal) or 5, must calculate its Equity Risk Capital Requirement in respect of Trading Book transactions:

(a)

by applying its internal Market Risk Model which has been approved by the DFSA for this purpose; or

(b)

by applying the Rules set out in section A5.3.

Foreign Exchange Risk Capital Requirement

An Authorised Firm in Category 1, 2, 3A or 5 must, subject to Rule 5.6.2, calculate its Foreign Exchange Risk Capital Requirement in respect of Trading Book and Non- Trading Book foreign exchange positions by:

(a)

applying its internal Market Risk model which has been approved by the DFSA for this purpose; or

(b)

applying the Rules in section A5.4.

An Authorised Firm need not calculate a Foreign Exchange Risk Capital Requirement if:

(a)

its Foreign Currency business, defined as the greater of the sum of its gross long positions and the sum of its gross short positions in all Foreign

170

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Currencies, does not exceed 100% of Capital Resources as defined in chapter 3; and

(b)

its overall net open position as defined in Rule A5.4.4 does not exceed 2% of its Capital Resources