 and bonds).

2.

Some Derivatives contracts may result in an Authorised Firm being exposed to an Issuer as well as the Derivatives Counterparty. For example, a Derivative referenced on a Security may result in an Exposure to the Counterparty, to the transaction and to the Issuer of the underlying Security.

3.

Examples of an Exposure are actual or potential claims on a Counterparty including contingent liabilities arising in the normal course of an Authorised Firm's business.

4.

App4 includes further Rules and Guidance on:

a.

fully and partially exempt Exposures, Exposures to undisclosed Counterparties, parental guarantees and capital maintenance agreements;

b.

identification of Exposures;

c.

identification of Closely Related and Connected Counterparties, and exemptions for Connected Counterparties;

d.

measuring Exposures to Counterparties and Issuers in relation to Derivatives, equity indices, and other items; and

e.

country risk Exposure.

Exclusions from the Large Exposure limits

4.15.8

(1)

For the purposes of this section, Exposure excludes:

(a)

claims and other assets required to be deducted for the purposes of calculating an Authorised Firm's Tier 1 Capital;

(b) a transaction entered into by an Authorised Firm as depository or as agent that does not create any legal liability on the part of the Authorised Firm;

(c)

claims resulting from foreign exchange transactions where an Authorised Firm has paid its side of the transaction and the countervalue remains unsettled during the 2 business days following the due payment or due delivery date. After 2 business days the claim becomes an Exposure;

(d)

claims arising as a result of money transmission, payment services, clearing and settlement, correspondent banking or financial instruments clearing, settlement and custody services to clients, delayed receipts in funding and other Exposures arising from client activity which do not last longer than the following business day;

163

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(e)

in the case of the services outlined in (d) intra-day Exposures to Financial Institutions who provide these services are excluded;

(f)

claims resulting from the purchase and sale of Securities during settlement where both the Authorised Firm and the Counterparty are up to five business days overdue in settling. The five business days include the due payment or due delivery date. After five business days, the claim becomes an Exposure; and

(g) Exposures that are guaranteed by the Authorised Firms Parent in

accordance with Rule 4.15.18.

(2)

For the purposes of this section, Exposure to a CCP which carry a 0% CCR in accordance with section 4.8 are excluded.

4.15.9 An Authorised Firm need not include fully exempt Exposures, as referred to in Rule A4.11.1 when monitoring compliance with the limits in Rules 4.15.5, 4.15.6 and 4.15.7.

Institutional exemption

4.15.10 (1) This Rule applies to an Authorised Firm in Category 2 and 3A.

(2) For Exposures

Institution, or a group of Connected Counterparties one of which is a Financial Institution, the total amount of an Authorised Firm’s Exposures may exceed 25% of its Tier 1 Capital, provided those institutions are Investment Grade (Credit Quality Grades 1 to 3) and subject to the following:

to a Financial

(a)

Exposures to any entities within the group of Connected Counterparties that are not Financial Institutions are limited to 25% of Tier 1 Capital after taking account of Credit Risk mitigation;

(b)

the Exposures must not form part of the Tier 1 Capital of the Counterparty;

(c)

the Counterparty Risk profile must be subject to review on at least an annual basis; and

(d)

Exposures of this nature must not in any case exceed a maximum of US$ 100 million or 100% of Tier 1 Capital, whichever is the lower.

Guidance

The DFSA will, in exceptional circumstances, consider an application to waive or modify the limits set out above. In such circumstances the Authorised Firm will have to make a submission