 Firm's solicitors;

o.

the procedures and methodologies for writing off and writing back provisions, including treatment of interest and who has the relevant responsibility for determining these;

p.

the frequency of any review of its write off experience against provisions raised; such a review can help identify whether an Authorised Firm's policies result in over or under provisioning across the business cycle, and contribute to a general review of an Authorised Firm's provisioning policy and the design of any loan grading systems, Credit Risk models, and risk pricing; and

q.

the Authorised Firm’s procedures and methodologies for calculating and raising provisions for contingent and other liabilities, how frequently they should be reviewed and who has the relevant responsibilities. Other liabilities include the crystallisation of contingent liabilities such as acceptances, endorsements, guarantees, performance bonds, indemnities, irrevocable letters of credit and the confirmation of documentary credits.

73.

Provisions may be general (against the whole of a given portfolio) or specific (against particular Exposures identified as bad or doubtful), or both. The DFSA expects contingent liabilities and anticipated losses to be recognised in accordance with the applicable accounting standards.

74. Appropriate systems and controls for provisions vary with the nature, scale and complexity of the credit granted. An Authorised Firm for which the extension of credit is a substantial part of its business is expected to have greater regard to developing, implementing and documenting a provisioning policy than an Authorised Firm for which Credit Risk is incidental to the operation of its business. The DFSA recognises that the frequency with which an Authorised Firm reviews its provisioning policy once it has been established will vary from firm to firm. However, the DFSA expects an Authorised Firm to review its policy to ensure it remains appropriate for the business it undertakes and the economic environment in which it operates. The provisioning policy should be reviewed at least annually by the Governing Body.

A4.2 Credit conversion factors (CCFs) for calculating Exposures

CCFs for off-balance sheet CR Exposures

A4.2.1 The applicable CCFs for off-balance sheet CR Exposures are provided in the table

below.

269

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Description of Off-balance Sheet Item

CCF

(a) Direct credit substitutes, in particular general guarantees of indebtedness (including standby letters of credit servicing as financial guarantees for loans and securities) and acceptances (including endorsements with the character of acceptances)

100%

(b) Asset sales with recourse, where the Credit Risk remains

100%

with the Authorised Firm

(c) Securities lent by the Authorised Firm or securities posted by the Authorised Firm as Collateral, including instances where these arise out of repo-style transactions

100%

(d) Forward asset purchases, forward deposits and partly paid shares and securities which represent commitments with certain drawdown

100%

(e) Other items that are credit substitutes not included in any

100%

other category

(f) Note issuance facilities and revolving Underwriting facilities

50%

regardless of the maturity of the underlying facility

(g) Performance bonds, bid bonds, warranties and standby letters of credit related to particular transactions and other similar transactions related contingent items

50%

(h) Commitments, regardless of the maturity of the underlying

40%

facility, unless they fall under another category

(i) Self-liquidating trade letters of credit arising from the movement of goods, in particular documentary credits collateralised by the underlying shipment, with an Original Maturity of less than one year

20%

(j) Commitments that are unconditionally cancellable at any time without prior notice or that effectively provide for automatic cancellation due to deterioration in a borrower’s creditworthiness

10%

Guidance

In cases where there is an undertaking to provide a commitment on another off-balance sheet Exposure, an Authorised Firm should apply the lower of the applicable CCFs. For example, if an Authorised Firm has a commitment to open self-liquidating trade letters of credit arising from the movement of goods, in particular documentary credits collateralised by the underlying shipment with an Original Maturity of less than one year, a 20% CCF should be applied instead of a 40% CCF.

CCFs for off-balance sheet SE Exposures

A4.2.2 (1