 must:

194

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(a) enable the Governing Body and senior management of the Authorised Firm to have an enterprise-wide view of interest rate risk as it applies to non-trading activities;

(b)

include a system for identifying and assessing Non-Trading Book interest rate risk and its sources;

(c)

include a process for the measurement and monitoring of Non-Trading Book interest rate risk, using robust and consistent methods which enable the Authorised Firm to implement the requirements set out in Rules 7.2.1 to 7.2.6; and

(d)

include a system for controlling and managing Non-Trading Book interest rate risk which enables it to comply with the overall risk management standards expected of an Authorised Firm and ensure continued compliance with the Rules in PIB.

(3)

An Authorised Firm must identify the Non-Trading Book interest rate risk impact of any new product, activity or service that it proposes to start and ensure that such impacts are duly addressed with adequate controls before the new product or activity is undertaken or introduced.

(4)

An Authorised Firm must:

(a) ensure that its risk management systems enable it to implement the

Non-Trading Book interest rate risk policy;

(b)

identify, assess, mitigate, control and monitor the risk; and

(c)

review and update the policy at intervals that are appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of its activities.

Guidance

1.

The DFSA expects that an Authorised Firm’s strategy towards Non-Trading Book interest rate risk will set out the approach that the Authorised Firm will take towards management of the risk, including various quantitative and qualitative targets. It should be communicated to all relevant functions and staff within the organisation and be set out in the Authorised Firm's Non- Trading Book interest rate risk policy.

2.

The DFSA expects that an Authorised Firm’s framework for managing Non-Trading Book interest rate risk will address the following:

a.

the Non-Trading Book interest rate risk management framework should be integrated into the Authorised Firm’s enterprise-wide risk management framework, including but not limited to. integration with its daily risk management practices;

b.

the output of the risk measurement system which forms part of the Non-Trading Book interest rate risk management framework should be used in reporting the level of that risk to the senior management and Governing Body of the Authorised Firm;

c.

the measurement system should be capable of measuring the risk under the earnings approach. Depending on the scale and complexity of Non-Trading Book structure, the Authorised Firm may also need to measure the risk based on economic value approach;

195

PIB/VER50/07-25

3.

4.

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

d.

an Authorised Firm’s Non-Trading Book interest rate risk measurement system should be clearly defined and consistent with the nature and complexity of its balance sheet structure;

e.

the processes, procedures and limits should be clearly documented and should reflect a consideration of the interest rate risk associated with the balance sheet structure of the Authorised Firm, considering various asset and liability positions. These processes, procedures and limits should be reviewed and approved by appropriate levels of senior management;

f.

the framework should involve an accurate, informative and timely management system for interest rate risk, which is essential to keep the senior management and the Governing Body of the Authorised Firm adequately informed to enable them to ensure compliance with the Non-Trading Book interest rate risk policy of the Authorised Firm; and

g.

the Non-Trading Book interest rate risk framework should include measures to consider balancing cash flows and management of the risk’s impact from new products or services through hedging using swaps or other derivatives. Any such major hedging or risk management initiatives should be approved in advance by the Asset Liability Committee (ALCO) or the Governing Body of the Authorised Firm.

The Non-Trading Book interest rate risk measurement systems referred to in Rule 7.4.1(2)(c) should encompass all material drivers of the risk. Such systems should evaluate the effect of rate changes on earnings or economic value meaningfully and accurately within the context and complexity of their activities. They should be able to flag any excessive Exposures. An effective risk measurement system