 annually

Not applicable

252

PIB/VER50/07-25

Form Number

B460

B470

B510

Form Name

Money Services

Crowdfunding Intermediation

Insurance Intermediation or Management

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Domestic Firm or Branch

Authorised Firm Category

Frequency

Semi-annual consolidated reporting for Financial Groups

Domestic Firm and Branch

Any Category of Authorised Firm licensed to Provide Money Services

Quarterly and annually

Not applicable

Domestic Firm

Any Category of Firm Authorised to licensed Operate a Crowdfunding Platform

Quarterly and annually

Not applicable

Domestic Firm and Branch

Any Category of Authorised Firm licensed as an Insurance Intermediary Insurance Manager

or

Quarterly and annually

Not applicable

253

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

A2.5 Prudent Valuation Practices

Guidance

1.

This following guidance sets out the DFSA’s expectations for prudent valuation practices, including adequate systems and controls and valuation methodologies, for the purpose of section 2.4 of PIB.

Systems and controls

2.

Authorised Firms should establish and maintain adequate systems and controls sufficient to give management and the DFSA the confidence that their valuation estimates are prudent and reliable. These systems should be integrated with other risk management systems within the organisation (such as credit analysis). Such systems are expected to include:

a.

documented policies and procedures for the process of valuation. This includes clearly defined responsibilities of the various areas involved in the determination of the valuation, sources of market information and review of their appropriateness, guidelines for the use of unobservable inputs reflecting the Authorised Firm’s assumptions of what market participants would use in pricing the position, frequency of independent valuation, timing of closing prices, procedures for adjusting valuations, end of the month and ad-hoc verification procedures; and

b.

clear and independent (i.e. independent of front office) reporting lines for the department accountable for the valuation process. The reporting line should ultimately be to a main board executive director or equivalent.

Valuation methodologies

Marking-to-market

3.

Marking-to-market is at least the daily valuation of positions at readily available close out prices in orderly transactions that are sourced independently. Examples of readily available close out prices include exchange prices, screen prices, or quotes from several independent reputable brokers.

4.

Authorised Firms should mark-to-market as much as possible. The more prudent side of bid/offer should be used unless the institution is a significant market maker in a particular position type and it can close out at mid-market. Authorised Firms should maximise the use of relevant observable inputs and minimise the use of unobservable inputs when estimating fair value using a valuation technique. However, observable inputs or transactions may not be relevant, such as in a forced liquidation or distressed sale, or transactions may not be observable, such as when markets are inactive. In such cases, the observable data should be considered, but may not be determinative.

Marking-to-Model

5.

Only where marking-to-market is not possible should Authorised Firms mark-to-model, but in such cases, the Authorised Firm should be able to demonstrate to the DFSA that the approach is prudent. Marking-to-model is defined as any valuation which has to be benchmarked, extrapolated or otherwise calculated from a market input. When marking-to-model, an extra degree of conservatism is appropriate. The DFSA will consider the following in assessing whether a mark-to-model valuation is prudent:

254

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

a.

senior management should be aware of the elements of the trading book or of other fair- valued positions which are subject to mark-to-model and should understand the materiality of the uncertainty this creates in the reporting of the risk/performance of the business;

b.

market inputs should be sourced, to the extent possible, in line with market prices (as discussed above). The appropriateness of the market inputs for the particular position being valued should be reviewed regularly;

c.

where available, generally accepted valuation methodologies for particular