down;

(d)

the facility must not be structured to provide regular or permanent funding;

(e)

the facility must be subject to an asset quality test to preclude it being used to cover Credit Risk Exposures that are in default;

152

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(f) where the facility is used to fund externally rated Securities the facility can only be used to fund Securities that are externally rated Investment Grade at the time of funding;

(g)

the facility cannot be drawn after all Credit Enhancements from which the liquidity facility would benefit have been exhausted; and

(h)

repayment of draws of the facility cannot be subordinated to any interests of any note holder in the programme or be subject to deferral or waiver.

(2)

Where the Exposure meets the requirements as set out in (1), the following CCF will apply:

(a) 50% to the eligible liquidity facility regardless of maturity; and

(b) 100% if an external rating of the liquidity facility is used for the risk

weighting.

4.14.45 (1)

An Authorised Firm which provides credit protection for a basket of reference Exposures through an unrated first-to-default Credit Derivative may apply to the securitisation Exposure the aggregate of the risk weights that would be assigned to the reference Exposures, provided that the resulting Capital Requirement does not exceed the notional amount of the credit protection.

(2)

An Authorised Firm which provides credit protection for a basket of reference Exposures through an unrated second-to-default Credit Derivative may apply the treatment referred to in (1), except that in aggregating the risk weights, the reference Exposure with the lowest risk-weighted amount may be excluded.

Overlapping Exposures

4.14.46 (1)

Where an Authorised Firm has two or more overlapping Exposures to a securitisation, the firm must, to the extent that the positions overlap, include in its calculation of Credit RWA amounts only the Exposure, or portion of the Exposure, producing the higher Credit RWA amounts.

(2)

For the purposes of (1), overlapping Exposures result where an Authorised Firm provides two or more facilities (whether they are liquidity facilities or Credit Enhancements) in relation to a securitisation that can be drawn under various conditions with different triggers, with the result that the Authorised Firm provides duplicate coverage to the underlying Exposures. The facilities provided by the Authorised Firm may overlap since a draw on one facility may preclude (in part) a draw on the other facility.

(3)

Where the overlapping Exposures are subject to different conversion factors the Authorised Firm must apply the higher of the conversion factors to the Exposure.

Guidance

The firm may also recognise such an overlap between capital charges for Specific Risk in relation to positions in the trading book and capital charges for positions in the Non-Trading Book, provided that the firm is able to calculate and compare the capital charges for the relevant positions.

153

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

However, if overlapping facilities are provided by different Authorised Firms, each Authorised Firm must calculate Capital Requirement for the maximum amount of its Exposure.

Credit Risk mitigation

4.14.47 Where an Authorised Firm obtains credit protection on a securitisation Exposure, the calculation of Credit RWA amounts must be in accordance with the Rules in Credit Risk mitigation in section 4.13.

4.14.48 Where an Authorised Firm provides credit protection to a securitisation Exposure it must calculate a Capital Requirement as if it were an investor in the securitisation in line with section 4.13.

4.14.49 An Authorised Firm must not recognise any SPE which is an Issuer of securitisation Exposures, as an eligible credit protection provider. Guarantees provided must meet the requirements of section 4.13.

4.14.50 For the purpose of setting regulatory capital against a maturity mismatch, the Capital Requirement must be determined in accordance with section 4.13. When Exposures being hedged have different maturities, the longest maturity must be used. Maturity of