An Authorised Firm, in measuring its Liquidity Risk under Rule 9.2.5(1)(a), should ensure that:

(a) the variety of time horizons cover changes in liquidity needs and funding capacity on an

intra-day, daily, short-term, medium-term and long–term basis;

(b) it considers the vulnerabilities of cash flows to events, activities and business strategies;

(c) its dynamic cash flow forecasts are carried out at a sufficiently detailed level and include assumptions on the actions of key counterparties in response to changes in operating conditions;

(d) cash flows in all significant foreign currencies are measured on an aggregate basis, as well as at the individual currency level, taking into account stressed conditions affecting foreign exchange markets;

(e) it captures the impact of providing correspondent, custody and settlement activities on cash

flows; and

(f) assumptions used to determine future liquidity and funding needs are realistic and reflect

the complexities of the underlying businesses, products and markets.

2.

Early warning indicators should be designed to assist the Authorised Firm to identify any negative trends in its liquidity position and to assist its management to assess and respond to mitigate its exposure to those trends.

3.

Management information should include the following:

a.

a cash-flow or funding gap report on an aggregate basis and by currency, legal entity and country;

b.

a funding maturity schedule;

210

PIB/VER50/07-25

9.2.6

9.2.7

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

c.

a list of large providers of funding;

d.

reports on Collateral and encumbered assets to enable compliance with Rule 9.2.8;

e.

a liquidity costs, benefits and risks allocation report to assist compliance with Rule 9.2.9;

f.

intra-day liquidity reports to assist compliance with Rule 9.2.10;

g.

where appropriate, a schedule of Islamic funding sources;

h.

a limit monitoring and exception report;

i.

asset quality and trends;

j.

earnings projections; and

k.

the Authorised Firm's reputation in the market and the condition of the market itself.

4.

An Authorised Firm should be able to generate critical liquidity reports on a daily basis, including in times of stress.

5. Where an Authorised Firm is a member of a Group, it should be able to assess the potential impact on it of Liquidity Risk arising in other parts of the Group.

6. Where an Authorised Firm has subsidiaries or branches, it should be able to monitor and control Liquidity Risk at the individual branch or subsidiary level and on a consolidated level taking into account legal, operational, regulatory, reputational and other relevant constraints.

Controlling Liquidity Risk

An Authorised Firm must ensure that the system referred to in Rule 9.2.1(3)(c):

(a)

enables the Authorised Firm's Governing Body and senior management to review compliance with limits set in accordance with Rule 9.2.7 and operating procedures; and

(b)

has appropriate approval processes, limits and other mechanisms designed to provide reasonable assurance that the Authorised Firm's Liquidity Risk management processes are adhered to.

(1)

An Authorised Firm must hold sufficient liquidity resources and ensure that its Governing Body sets appropriate liquidity limits to manage its Liquidity Risk effectively under both day-to-day and stressed conditions.

(2)

An Authorised Firm must periodically review and, where appropriate, adjust the limits referred to in (1) when its Liquidity Risk policy changes.

(3)

An Authorised Firm must promptly escalate and resolve any policy or limit exceptions according to the processes described in its Liquidity Risk policy.

Guidance

An Authorised Firm should set limits to control its liquidity risk exposure and vulnerabilities. Limits and corresponding escalation procedures should be reviewed regularly. Limits should be relevant to the business in terms of its location, complexity of activity, nature of products, currencies and markets

211

PIB/VER50/07-25

9.2.8

9.2.9

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

served. If an Authorised Firm breaches a liquidity risk limit, it should implement a plan to review its exposure and reduce it to a level that is within the limit.

Management of