 of its Exposures;

(d)

establish the value of its Exposures;

(e)

determine the size of its Exposures as a proportion of its Tier 1 Capital;

(f)

identify whether it has Exposures which are subject to the requirements of section 4.13 (Credit Risk mitigation);

(g)

identify which, if any, of its Exposures are exempt in accordance with section A4.11 from the limits set out in Rules 4.15.4 to 4.15.7;

(h)

aggregate its Exposures to the same Counterparty or group of Closely Related Counterparties or group of Connected Counterparties;

(i)

monitor and control its Exposures on a daily basis within the Concentration Risk limits; and

(j)

notify the DFSA immediately of any breach of the limits set out in this section and confirm it in writing.

Large Exposure limits

4.15.4 A Large Exposure of an Authorised Firm means a total Exposure which is equal to or exceeds 10% of the firm’s Tier 1 Capital, to any Counterparty, Connected Counterparty, group of Connected Counterparties, or group of Closely Related Counterparties, whether in the Authorised Firm’s Trading Book or Non-Trading Book, or both.

4.15.5

(1)

Subject to IFR Rule 5.4.15, an Authorised Firm must ensure that Exposures in its Non-Trading Book and, subject to Rule 4.15.6, Trading Book to a Counterparty or to a group of Closely Related Counterparties or to a group of Connected Counterparties, after taking into account the effect of any eligible Credit Risk mitigations, do not exceed 25% of its Tier 1 Capital, except as otherwise provided in (2) or required by the DFSA under (3).

(2)

An Authorised Firm’s Exposure must not exceed 15% of its Tier 1 Capital if the Authorised Firm is a G-SIB and the Exposure is to another G-SIB, or a subsidiary of a G-SIB, in or outside the DIFC.

(3)

An Authorised Firm which is a D-SIB must, if required in writing by the DFSA, apply an Exposure limit of between 15% to 25% of its Tier 1 Capital as specified by the DFSA in the requirement, where the Exposure is to another D-SIB, or to a subsidiary of a D-SIB, in or outside the DIFC.

4.15.6 Where an Authorised Firm’s Trading Book Exposure to a Counterparty or to a group of Closely Related Counterparties or to a group of Connected Counterparties, on its own or when added to any Non-Trading Book Exposure, is likely to exceed 25% of its Tier 1 Capital, the Authorised Firm must immediately give the DFSA written notice,

162

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

explaining the nature of its Trading Book Exposure and seeking specific guidance from the DFSA regarding the prudential treatment of any such Exposure.

4.15.7 Subject to IFR Rule 5.4.16 an Authorised Firm must ensure that the sum of its Large

Exposures does not exceed 800% of its Tier 1 Capital.

Guidance

1.

Exposures can arise in the Non-Trading Book and in the Trading Book from Credit Risk (for example on loans and advances) Counterparty Risk (for example, on unsettled trades and on Derivative contracts) and from Issuer risk (for example, on holdings of equities and bonds).

2.

Some Derivatives contracts may result in an Authorised Firm being exposed to an Issuer as well as the Derivatives Counterparty. For example, a Derivative referenced on a Security may result in an Exposure to the Counterparty, to the transaction and to the Issuer of the underlying Security.

3.

Examples of an Exposure are actual or potential claims on a Counterparty including contingent liabilities arising in the normal course of an Authorised Firm's business.

4.

App4 includes further Rules and Guidance on:

a.

fully and partially exempt Exposures, Expos