.

procedures for:

i.

approving new products and activities which give rise to Credit Risk;

ii.

regular risk position and performance reporting;

iii.

limit exception reporting and approval; and

iv.

identifying and dealing with problem Exposures;

k.

the allocation of responsibilities for implementing the Credit Risk policy and for monitoring adherence to, and the effectiveness of, the policy; and

l.

the required information systems, staff and other resources.

2.

The Credit Risk policy should emphasize the principles of prudence and should be enforced consistently. The policy and its implementation should ensure that credit facilities are only granted to credit-worthy customers and that risk concentrations are avoided.

3.

The Credit Risk strategy and policy need to be clearly disseminated to, and understood by all relevant staff.

4.

The Credit Risk policy of an Authorised Firm should clearly specify the delegation of its credit approval authorities. Credit authority thus delegated should be appropriate for the products or portfolios assigned to the credit committee or individual credit officers and should be commensurate with their credit experience and expertise. An officer's credit authority may, however, be increased on the basis of his or her track record. An Authorised Firm should ensure that credit authority is required for acquiring any types of credit Exposures, including the use of Credit Derivatives for hedging or income generation.

5.

Credit authority delegated to the credit committee and each credit officer should be subject to regular review to ensure that it remains appropriate to current market conditions and the level of their performance.

6.

An Authorised Firm's remuneration policies should be consistent with its Credit Risk strategy. The policies should not encourage officers to generate short-term profits by taking an unacceptably high level of risk.

Counterparty Risk assessment

7.

The Authorised Firm should make a suitable assessment of the risk profile of its Counterparties. The factors to be considered will vary according to both the type of credit and Counterparty such as whether the Counterparty is a company or a sovereign Counterparty and may include:

a.

the purpose of the credit and the source of repayment;

b.

an assessment of the skill, integrity and quality of management and overall reputation of the Counterparty;

c.

the legal capacity of the Counterparty to assume the liability to the Authorised Firm;

d.

an assessment of the nature and amount of risk attached to the Counterparty in the context of the industrial sector or geographical region or country in which it operates and the potential impact on the Counterparty of political, economic and market changes; this assessment may include consideration of the extent and nature of the Counterparty's other financial obligations;

260

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

e.

the Counterparty's repayment history as well as an assessment of the Counterparty’s current and future capacity to repay obligations based on financial statements, financial trends, cash flow projections and the potential impact of adverse economic scenarios;

f.

an analysis of the risk-return trade-off, with regard to the proposed price of the credit facility;

g.

the proposed terms and conditions attached to the granting of credit, including on-going provision of information by the Counterparty, covenants attached to the facility, the adequacy and enforceability of Collateral and guarantees; and

h.

the Authorised Firm's existing Exposure to the individual Counterparty, sector, country or product and the availability of credit given Exposure limits.

8.

An Authorised Firm should document any variation from the usual credit policy.

9.

An Authorised Firm involved in loan syndications or consortia should not rely on other parties’ assessments of the Credit Risks involved but should conduct a full assessment against its own Credit Risk policy.

10. An Authorised Firm granting credit to obligors in other countries should be cognisant of the additional risks - country risk and transfer risk – involved in such credits. An Authorised Firm should therefore consider the environment - economic and political - in the relevant countries, the potential effect of changes thereto on the obligors' ability to service the credit and the contagion effects in regions where economies are closely related. 11.

10. An Authorised Firm granting credit to obligors in other countries should be cognisant of the additional risks - country risk and transfer risk – involved in such credits. An Authorised Firm should therefore consider the environment - economic and political -