 vulnerabilities. Limits and corresponding escalation procedures should be reviewed regularly. Limits should be relevant to the business in terms of its location, complexity of activity, nature of products, currencies and markets

211

PIB/VER50/07-25

9.2.8

9.2.9

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

served. If an Authorised Firm breaches a liquidity risk limit, it should implement a plan to review its exposure and reduce it to a level that is within the limit.

Management of collateralised and encumbered assets

(1) An Authorised Firm must prudently manage its collateral positions using a

collateral management system.

(2) The Authorised Firm’s collateral management system must be able to:

(a)

distinguish between pledged and unencumbered assets, including during periods of liquidity stress;

(b)

take into account the legal entity in which liquid assets reside; and

(c)

identify, in a timely manner, the countries where assets are legally recorded and any restrictions imposed on their transfer or liquidation.

(3) An Authorised Firm must manage its encumbered balance sheet assets within prudent limits to minimise the impact on its liquidity position and funding cost.

(4) For the purposes of (3), the Authorised Firm’s system supporting the

management of encumbered assets must be able to provide information on:

(a)

the current and expected level and types of asset encumbrance and related transactions;

(b)

the nature of unencumbered assets including amount, location and credit quality;

(c)

the capacity for further asset encumbrance, including available unencumbered assets and the potential liquidity that can be generated; and

(d)

the expected amount, level and type of additional encumbrance that may result from stress scenarios.

Allocation of liquidity costs, benefits and risks

An Authorised Firm must ensure that the system referred to in Rule 9.2.1(3)(e):

(a)

incorporates internal pricing, performance measurement, and new product approval processes for all significant business activities both on- and off-balance sheet;

liquidity costs, benefits and risks

in

(b)

assigns appropriate to positions, portfolios and transactions. The liquidity charge must incorporate factors relating to the holding period of assets and liabilities, market liquidity characteristics, stability of the funding source and any other relevant factor;

liquidity charges

212

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(c)

provides quantification and attribution of Liquidity Risk that is explicit, transparent and takes into account liquidity under stressed conditions; and

(d)

is reviewed periodically to reflect changing business and market conditions.

Intra-day liquidity

9.2.10 (1) An Authorised Firm must manage its intra-day liquidity positions prudently to ensure that it is able to meet its settlement and payment obligations in a timely manner under business as usual and stressed conditions, in all material currencies and active markets.

(2) For the purposes of (1), an Authorised Firm must be reasonably able to:

(a)

identify and prioritise the most time critical payment and settlement obligations;

(b) measure daily gross liquidity inflows and outflows and any potential

funding gaps;

(c)

identify cash flow timings and shortfalls at different points in time during the day;

(d)

manage the timing of cash outflows to give priority to time critical payments; and

(e)

obtain sufficient intra-day funding, including intra-day liquidity facilities from correspondent banks or Central Banks.

9.2A Funding strategy, stress testing and contingency funding plan

Funding strategy

9.2A.1 (1)

An Authorised Firm must develop a funding strategy that provides effective diversification in the sources and nature of its funding.

(2)

An Authorised Firm must ensure that the funding strategy is in writing and is approved by its Governing Body.

(3)

The funding strategy must be in line with the Authorised Firm’s stated Liquidity Risk tolerance and supported by robust assumptions that are consistent with the Authorised Firm’s budgeting and business planning process.

(4)

The funding strategy must be supported by systems that allow the Authorised Firm to identify, measure, manage and monitor funding positions.

(5)

An Author