.

This chapter includes the detailed Rules and associated guidance in respect of a firm’s obligation to manage effectively its exposures to Operational Risk. Operational Risk refers to the risk of incurring losses due to the failure of systems, processes, and personnel to perform expected tasks. Operational Risk losses also include losses arising out of legal risk. This chapter aims to ensure that an Authorised Firm has a robust Operational Risk management framework commensurate with the nature, scale and complexity of its operations and that it holds sufficient regulatory capital against Operational Risk exposures.

2.

This chapter requires an Authorised Firm to:

a.

design and implement an effective Operational Risk management system complete with appropriate systems and controls;

b.

calculate the Operational Risk Capital Requirement and hold the same; and

c.

hold adequate professional indemnity insurance cover.

3.

This chapter includes, among others, specific Operational Risk management requirements relating to IT systems, information security, outsourcing, business continuity and disaster recovery and the management of Operational Risks in trading rooms.

4.

Appendix 6 provides the detailed requirements, parameters, calculation methodologies and formulae for calculating the Operational Risk Capital Requirement specified in chapter 6.

Application

This chapter applies to an Authorised Firm as follows:

(a)

sections 6.1 to 6.9 apply to an Authorised Firm in any Category;

(b)

sections 6.10 and 6.11 apply only to an Authorised Firm in Category 1, 2, 3A or 5;

(c)

section 6.12 applies only to an Authorised Firm in Category 3B, 3C, 3D or 4 which undertakes one or more of the following Financial Services:

(i)

Arranging Deals in Investments;

(ii) Managing Assets;

(iii) Advising on Financial Products;

(iv) Managing a Collective Investment Fund;

176

PIB/VER50/07-25

6.2

6.2.1

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(v) Providing Custody;

(vi)

Insurance Intermediation;

(vii)

Insurance Management;

(viii) Managing a Profit Sharing Investment Account (unrestricted);

(ix) Providing Trust Services;

(x) Providing Fund Administration;

(xi) Acting as the Trustee of a Fund;

(xii) Arranging Credit and Advising on Credit;

(xiii) Operating a Crowdfunding Platform;

(xiv) Operating an Employee Money Purchase Scheme;

(xv) Acting as the Administrator of an Employee Money Purchase Scheme;

or

(xvi) Arranging or Advising on Money Services; or

(xvii) Operating an Alternative Trading System, if it holds Client Assets; and

(d)

section 6.13 applies only to an Authorised Firm that provides Money Services, Account Information Services or Payment Initiation Services.

Guidance

Section 5.3 of the GEN module contains Rules and Guidance in relation to Systems and Controls, some of which may relate to the management of Operational Risk. The Corporate Governance rules in the GEN module set out overarching requirements in relation to Board responsibilities, including risk management. The Rules and Guidance in this section seek to complement the aforementioned requirements, while providing for a framework to address matters which directly relate to Operational Risk management.

Risk management framework and governance

(1)

An Authorised Firm must implement and maintain an Operational Risk policy which enables it to identify, assess, control and monitor Operational Risk.

(2)

The policy must be documented and provide for a sound and well-defined risk management framework to address the Authorised Firm’s Operational Risk.

(3)

An Authorised Firm must:

(a) ensure that its risk management systems enable it to implement the

Operational Risk policy;

177

PIB/VER50/07-25

6.2.2

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(b)

identify, assess, mitigate, control and monitor the risk; and

(c)

review and update the policy at intervals that are appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of its activities.

An Authorised Firm must ensure that its Governing Body approves the Operational Risk policy in Rule 6.2.1.

Guidance

1.

Some of the key aspects that an Authorised Firm should consider in its Operational Risk policy include:

a.

the governance structures used to manage Operational Risk, including reporting lines