)

for the purpose of the IRAP and ICAAP assessments under chapter 10, where applicable.

216

PIB/VER50/07-25

9.2A.6

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(3)

An Authorised Firm must incorporate the stress test results in assessing and planning for related potential funding shortfalls in its Contingency Funding Plan.

(4)

An Authorised Firm must ensure that the stress test results and vulnerabilities and any resulting actions are reported to, and discussed with, its Governing Body and the DFSA.

Guidance

If the DFSA considers that an Authorised Firm has not carried out effective stress tests under Rules 9.2A.3 to 9.2A.5, it may use its power under Article 75A of the Regulatory Law to require the Authorised Firm to maintain a buffer of liquid assets in addition to that required under section 9.3.

Contingency Funding Plan

Guidance

A Contingency Funding Plan, or CFP, is a compilation of policies, procedures and action plans for responding to severe disruptions to an Authorised Firm’s ability to meet its liabilities as they fall due or its ability to fund some or all of its activities quickly and at a reasonable cost.

(1)

An Authorised Firm must have a documented Contingency Funding Plan (CFP) that sets out clearly its strategies for addressing liquidity shortfalls in emergency situations.

(2)

An Authorised Firm must ensure that its CFP is in writing and is approved by its Governing Body.

(3)

The CFP must be commensurate with an Authorised Firm’s complexity, risk profile and scope of operations and its role in the financial systems in which it operates.

(4)

The CFP must:

(a)

list the events or circumstances that will lead the Authorised Firm to put any part of the plan into action;

(b)

set out available potential contingency funding sources and the amount of funds an Authorised Firm estimates can be derived from these sources;

(c)

estimate the lead time needed to tap additional funds from each of the contingency sources;

(d)

set out the extent to which the plan relies upon:

(i)

asset sales, using assets as Collateral on secured funding (including repurchase agreements), securitising its assets or otherwise reducing its assets;

(ii) modifying the structure of, or increasing, its liabilities; and

(iii)

the use of committed facilities; and

217

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(e)

contain clear administrative policies and procedures that will enable the Authorised Firm to manage the implementation of the plan, including:

(i)

the roles and responsibilities of senior management, including who has the authority to invoke the CFP;

(ii)

the names, location and contact details of members of the team responsible for implementing the plan;

(iii)

the details of who is responsible for contact with the Authorised Firm’s head office (if appropriate), analysts, investors, external auditors, media, significant customers, regulators and others; and

(iv)

the mechanisms that enable senior management and the Governing Body to receive relevant, accurate, comprehensive, timely and reliable management information.

Guidance

1.

The CFP should provide a framework with a high degree of flexibility so that an Authorised Firm can respond quickly in a variety of situations.

2.

The CFP's design, plans and procedures should be closely integrated with the Authorised Firm’s ongoing analysis of Liquidity Risk and with the results of the scenarios and assumptions used in stress tests.

3.

The CFP should assist the Authorised Firm to manage a range of scenarios of severe liquidity stress that include both firm-specific and more generalised market-wide stress, as well as the potential interaction between them.

4.

The CFP should, for each of the tested scenarios, demonstrate that the Authorised Firm has sufficient liquid financial resources to meet its liabilities over a range of different time periods, including intraday.

9.2A.7 An Authorised Firm must ensure that its CFP accounts for:

(a)

the impact of stressed market conditions on its ability to sell or securitise assets;

(b)

the link between asset liquidity and funding liquidity;

(c)

second round and