writing business, having regard to the person’s skill and experience; and

e.

satisfy itself that its procedures and controls to monitor and manage its Underwriting business address to meet sub-underwriting commitments.

the capacity of sub-underwriters

5.10.3

(1)

An Authorised Firm must calculate a Securities Underwriting Capital Requirement if it has a commitment to underwrite or sub-underwrite an issue of Securities.

(2)

An Authorised Firm has a commitment to underwrite or sub-underwrite an issue of Securities where:

(a)

it gives a commitment to an Issuer of Securities to underwrite an issue of Securities;

(b)

it gives a commitment to sub-underwrite an issue of Securities; or

(c)

it is a member of a syndicate or Group that gives a commitment to an Issuer to underwrite an issue of Securities or a commitment to sub- underwrite an issue of Securities.

172

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

5.10.4 An Authorised Firm must regard a commitment to underwrite an issue of Securities, subject to any right set out in Rule 5.10.6, as the initial commitment to underwrite from the earlier of:

(a)

the time the Authorised Firm signs an agreement with the Issuer of Securities to underwrite those Securities; or

(b)

the time the price and allocation of the issue are set.

5.10.5 Where the issue price has not been fixed, an Authorised Firm must use the highest estimate of the price and its allocation for the purpose of calculating its initial gross commitment.

5.10.6

If an Authorised Firm has at its discretion an irrevocable right to withdraw from an Underwriting commitment, exercisable within a certain period, the commitment commences when that right expires.

5.10.7 An Authorised Firm must calculate its Securities Underwriting Risk Capital

Requirement by:

(a)

applying its internally developed Market Risk model which has been approved by the DFSA for this purpose; or

(b)

applying the Rules in section A5.8.

5.10A Credit Valuation Adjustment Risk Capital Requirement

5.10A.1 An Authorised Firm in Category 1, 2 (other than a Matched Principal) or 5 must calculate its Credit Valuation Adjustment Risk Capital Requirement in respect of Trading Book and Non-Trading Book transactions by applying the Rules set out in section A5.10.

5.11 Use of internal Market Risk models

5.11.1 An Authorised Firm in Category 1, 2 (other than a Matched Principal) or 5 may use an internal model to calculate its Market Risk Capital Requirement or any components of its Market Risk Capital Requirement, if its internal model and its use have been approved in writing by the DFSA.

Guidance

1.

Guidance in respect of criteria for use of internally developed Market Risk models is provided in section A5.9.

2.

Internal models cannot be used to calculate an Authorised Firm’s Credit Valuation Adjustment Risk Capital Requirement.

5.11.2

If the DFSA approves the use of an internal model, it may:

173

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(a)

impose, withdraw or amend at any time conditions in respect of the use of the internal model; and

(b)

withdraw approval if it forms the view that the internal model or its use is no longer suitable for the calculation of the Authorised Firm’s Market Risk Capital Requirement or any component of it.

5.11.3 An Authorised Firm which uses an internal model in accordance with Rule 5.11.1 must have in place a rigorous and comprehensive stress-testing programme which meets the criteria set out in Rule A5.9.4.

5.11.4 An Authorised Firm that has received approval for the use of an internal model may only revert to calculating its Market Risk Capital Requirement or any component of it in accordance with App5 with the prior written consent of the DFSA.

Guidance

1.

This section sets out the conditions under which an Authorised Firm is permitted to use an internal model to calculate its Market Risk Capital Requirement or