 Capital, T1 Capital and T2 Capital, deductions from Capital Resources, Liquidity Coverage Ratio, Net Stable Funding Ratio and Leverage Ratios which must be made on a quarterly basis.

(2)

Reporting deadlines must be in accordance with quarterly and annual reporting obligations under the DFSA Rulebook.

Locations

11.3.2

(1)

An Authorised Firm must, subject to (2), make these disclosures either in its annual report or periodic financial statements.

(2)

An Authorised Firm may disclose the items marked as quantitative in App11 in a medium or location other than its annual report or periodic financial statements, provided that:

(a)

it has prior approval of the DFSA to do so;

231

PIB/VER50/07-25

11.3.3

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(b)

the annual report or periodic financial statements contain clear references to the location of such disclosures; and

(c)

such disclosures are readily accessible by the market.

Guidance

An Authorised Firm has discretion to determine the form of the disclosures required, and may choose to use graphical and other representations where appropriate.

Omissions

(1)

An Authorised Firm may omit certain disclosures if the omitted item is:

(a) not material, in accordance with the concept of materiality under the

International Financial Reporting Standards,

(b) proprietary in nature, and the disclosure of the relevant information to the public would undermine the Firm’s competitive position or render the Firm’s investments in products and systems less valuable, or

(c)

confidential in nature, and the disclosure of the relevant information would violate or jeopardise confidentiality agreements with Clients or Counterparties.

(2)

Where in reliance upon (1)(b) or (c) an Authorised Firm omits an item that is marked as a quantitative disclosure in App11, it must disclose general that particular qualitative requirement, together with the reasons for the omission.

information about

the subject matter of

232

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

APP1 CATEGORIES OF AUTHORISED FIRMS

A1.1 Categorisation of Authorised Firms

Guidance

1.

This section contains the table referred to in the Guidance notes at the commencement of section 1.3 of PIB. This table is for guidance purposes only.

2.

The Financial Services described in the emboldened boxes in the table are the determinants for the prudential Category. The activities set out in the boxes in the table are Financial Services (see GEN chapter 2). The Financial Services that an Authorised Firm is authorised to carry on are specified on its Licence.

3.

If a Person carries on any one or more of the Financial Services specified in an emboldened box under a particular Category, then the highest such Category is that Person’s Category for the purposes of this module.

4.

An exception to the above is an Islamic Financial Institution which Manages a PSIA which is an PSIAu. Such an institution falls in Category 5.

233

PIB/VER50/07-25

Category 1

Accepting Deposits

Managing a PSIAu

Category 2

Dealing in Investments as Principal

Providing Credit

Category 3A

Dealing in Investments as Agent

Category 3B

Providing Custody (only if for a Fund or of Crypto Assets)

Acting as the Trustee of a Fund

Operating an Employee Money Purchase Scheme

Acting as the Administrator of an Employee Money Purchase Scheme

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Category 3C

Category 3D

Category 4

Category 5

Managing a Collective Investment Fund

Providing Money Services (other than issuing Stored Value or Money Transmission)

Arranging Deals in Investments

An Islamic Financial Institution which Manages a PSIAu

Managing Assets

Advising on Financial Products

Providing Trust Services as a trustee of an express trust

Arranging Custody

Managing a PSIAr

Insurance Intermediation

Providing Custody (other than for a Fund and other than in relation to Crypto Assets)

Insurance Management

Providing Money Services (issuing Stored Value