 liquidity stress that include both firm-specific and more generalised market-wide stress, as well as the potential interaction between them.

4.

The CFP should, for each of the tested scenarios, demonstrate that the Authorised Firm has sufficient liquid financial resources to meet its liabilities over a range of different time periods, including intraday.

9.2A.7 An Authorised Firm must ensure that its CFP accounts for:

(a)

the impact of stressed market conditions on its ability to sell or securitise assets;

(b)

the link between asset liquidity and funding liquidity;

(c)

second round and reputational effects related to execution of contingency funding measures; and

(d)

the potential to transfer liquidity across Group entities, borders and lines of business, taking into account legal, regulatory, operational and time zone constraints.

9.2A.8 (1) An Authorised Firm must review and test its CFP regularly to ensure it is

effective and operationally feasible.

218

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(2) For the purposes of (1), an Authorised Firm must review and update its CFP at least annually for approval by its Governing Body, or more frequently if required by business or market circumstances.

Guidance

1.

Key aspects of CFP testing include ensuring that roles and responsibilities are appropriate and understood, confirming that contact information is up to date, proving the transferability of cash and collateral (especially across borders and entities) and ensuring that the necessary legal and operational documentation is in place to execute the plan at short notice.

2.

An Authorised Firm should test key assumptions regularly, such as its ability to sell or repo certain assets or periodically draw down credit lines.

9.2A.9 An Authorised Firm must ensure that its CFP is consistent with its business continuity and disaster recovery arrangements and can operate in situations where business continuity arrangements have been invoked.

Guidance

1.

See GEN chapter 5 regarding requirements relating to an Authorised Firm's business continuity and disaster recovery arrangements.

2.

An Authorised Firm should ensure effective coordination between teams managing issues surrounding liquidity crises and business continuity. Liquidity crisis team members and alternates should have ready access to CFPs on-site and off-site.

9.3

Liquidity requirements

9.3.1

(1)

This section applies to an Authorised Firm in Category 1 or 5.

(2)

The Rules in this section apply, except as provided in (3), to an Authorised Firm on a solo basis.

(3)

The DFSA may require an Authorised Firm to apply the requirements in this section to its Financial Group, if the Authorised Firm and its Financial Group are subject to consolidated supervision.

Global liquidity concession

9.3.2

(1)

An Authorised Firm which carries on business in or from the DIFC through a Branch may apply to the DFSA for a global liquidity concession.

(2)

An application for a global liquidity concession must be made in accordance with the requirements in section A9.1 of App9.

(3)

If the DFSA grants a global liquidity concession to an Authorised Firm, that Authorised Firm need not comply with all or any of the requirements of this section as specified by the DFSA in the concession.

(4)

The DFSA may specify the period for which a global liquidity concession is valid.

219

PIB/VER50/07-25

9.3.3

9.3.4

9.3.5

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

HQLA requirement

An Authorised Firm must maintain an adequate level of HQLA to meet its liquidity needs for, at a minimum, a 30 calendar day period under a severe stress scenario.

Guidance

Rules A9.2.2 to A9.2.9 in App9 set out the conditions that must be met for assets to be treated as HQLA.

Liquidity Coverage Ratio

An Authorised Firm must, except as provided in Rule 9.3.8, maintain a LCR of at least the level specified in the table below from the date specified in the table.

Table - Minimum LCR levels

Date

1st January 