 than 40% of the total Financial Group assets.

(2)

If an Authorised Firm receives confirmation in writing from the DFSA in accordance with (1)(b), it must immediately advise the DFSA in writing if the circumstances upon which the confirmation was based change.

An Authorised Firm must ensure at all times that its Financial Group Capital Resources, as calculated in Rule 8.3.4, are equal to or in excess of its Financial Group Capital Requirement as calculated in Rule 8.3.3.

Guidance

If an Authorised Firm breaches Rule 8.3.2, the DFSA will take into account the full circumstances of the case, including any remedial steps taken by another regulator or the Authorised Firm, in determining what enforcement action, if any, it will take.

200

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Financial Group Capital Requirement

8.3.3

(1)

An Authorised Firm in Category 1, 2 (other than a Matched Principal) or 5 must calculate its Financial Group Capital Requirement by applying the accounting consolidation method, which calculates the Capital Requirement of the Financial Group based on the Financial Group’s consolidated financial statements, and using applicable prudential Rules in PIB.

(2)

For the purposes of this Rule, the consolidated financial statements of the Financial Group must be prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.

Financial Group Capital Resources

8.3.4

(1)

An Authorised Firm in Category 1, 2 (other than a Matched Principal) or 5 must calculate its Financial Group Capital Resources by applying either of the following methods, excluding those amounts referred to in Rule 8.3.5:

(a)

the accounting consolidation method, which calculates the Capital Resources of the Financial Group based on the Financial Group’s consolidated financial statements; or

(b)

the aggregation method, which is the sum of:

(i)

the Capital Resources of the Parent of the Financial Group;

(ii)

subject to (2), the Capital Resources of any Authorised Firms and Financial Institutions included in the Financial Group; and

(iii)

the Financial Group’s proportionate share of Capital Resources in Financial Institutions not included in the Financial Group in which any member of the Financial Group has a participation.

(2)

For the purposes of (1)(b)(ii), an investment by one Financial Group member in another must not be included.

Guidance

The calculation of Financial Group Capital Resources is subject to the provisions in part 3 of chapter 3.

8.3.5 When calculating the Financial Group Capital Resources of a Financial Group, an Authorised Firm must not include Capital Resources or Adjusted Capital Resources (as the case may be) of subsidiaries or participations of that Financial Group to the extent that those Capital Resources or Adjusted Capital Resources:

(a)

exceed the entity requirement in respect of that subsidiary or participation, calculated in accordance with Rule 8.3.3; and

(b)

are not freely transferable within the Financial Group.

Guidance

1.

Because the Financial Group Capital Requirement set out in Rule 8.3.3 includes Capital Requirements in respect of Group entities, Capital Resources may be included in the calculation of Financial Group Capital Resources to the extent of those requirements. Capital that is surplus

201

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

to those requirements is, however, subject to an additional condition before it may be taken into account for the purposes of Financial Group capital adequacy.

2.

In general, Capital Resources or Adjusted Capital Resources are considered not to be freely transferable if they are subject to a legal or constructive limitation on their transferability, whether that transfer would be made by dividend, return of capital or other form of distribution. Examples of relevant limitations might include obligations to maintain minimum Capital Requirements to meet domestic solvency requirements, or to comply with debt covenants.

8.3.6 Deductions for Qualifying Holdings under section 3.17 may be calculated based on

the Group’s total T1 and T2 Capital.

8.4

Financial Group Concentration Risk limits

8.4.1

An Authorised Firm in Category 1, 