 cognisant of the additional risks - country risk and transfer risk – involved in such credits. An Authorised Firm should therefore consider the environment - economic and political - in the relevant countries, the potential effect of changes thereto on the obligors' ability to service the credit and the contagion effects in regions where economies are closely related. 11.

10. An Authorised Firm granting credit to obligors in other countries should be cognisant of the additional risks - country risk and transfer risk – involved in such credits. An Authorised Firm should therefore consider the environment - economic and political - in the relevant countries, the potential effect of changes thereto on the obligors' ability to service the credit and the contagion effects in regions where economies are closely related. The exception reporting should be adequately supported by a management reporting system whereby relevant reports on the credit portfolio are generated to various levels of management on a timely basis.

Connected Counterparties should be identified and the procedures for the management of the combined Credit Risk considered. It may be appropriate for Authorised Firms to monitor and report the aggregate Exposure against combined limits in addition to monitoring the constituent Exposures to the individual Counterparties.

13. An Authorised Firm should consider whether it needs to assess the credit-worthiness of suppliers of goods and services to whom it makes material prepayments or advances.

Risk assessment: Derivative Counterparties

14. An Authorised Firm should include in its Credit Risk policy an adequate description of:

a.

how it determines with which derivative Counterparties to do business;

b.

how it assesses and continues to monitor the credit-worthiness of those Counterparties;

c.

how it identifies its actual and contingent Exposure to the Counterparty; and

d.

whether and how it uses credit loss mitigation techniques, e.g. margining, taking security or Collateral or purchasing credit insurance.

15.

In assessing its contingent Exposure to a Counterparty, the Authorised Firm should identify the amount which would be due from the Counterparty if the value, index or other factor upon which that amount depends were to change.

16. An Authorised Firm should clearly specify the delegation of its credit approval authorities. Credit authority thus delegated should be appropriate for the products or portfolios assigned to the credit committee or individual credit officers and should be commensurate with their credit experience and

261

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

expertise. An officer's credit authority may, however, be increased on the basis of his her track record. An Authorised Firm should ensure that credit authority is required for acquiring any types of credit Exposures, including the use of Credit Derivatives for hedging or income generation.

17.

Credit authority delegated to the credit committee and each credit officer should be subject to regular review to ensure that it remains appropriate to current market conditions and the level of their performance.

Credit approval procedures

18. An Authorised Firm should adhere closely to the "Know Your Customer" principle and should not lend purely on name and relationship without a comprehensive assessment of the credit quality of the borrower.

19.

Credit decisions should be supported by adequate evaluation of the borrower's repayment ability based on reliable information. Sufficient and up-to-date information should continue to be available to enable effective monitoring of the account.

20. All credits should be granted on an arm's length basis. Credits to related borrowers should be monitored carefully and steps taken to control or reduce the risks of Connected lending.

21. An Authorised Firm should not rely excessively on Collateral or guarantees as Credit Risk mitigants. Such Credit Risk mitigants may provide secondary protection to the lender if the borrower defaults, the primary consideration for credit approval should be the borrower's debt-servicing capacity.

22. An Authorised Firm should be sensitive to rapid expansion of specific types of lending. Such trends may often be accompanied by deterioration of credit standards and thus merit increased focus on more marginal borrowers.

23. An Authorised Firm should ensure through periodic independent audits that the credit approval function is being properly managed and that credit Exposures comply with prudential standards and internal limits. The results of such audits should be reported directly to the Governing Body, the credit committee or senior management as appropriate. Risk control

24. An Authorised Firm should consider setting credit limits for maximum Exposures to