 Foreign Exchange Risk Capital Requirement if:

(a)

its Foreign Currency business, defined as the greater of the sum of its gross long positions and the sum of its gross short positions in all Foreign

170

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Currencies, does not exceed 100% of Capital Resources as defined in chapter 3; and

(b)

its overall net open position as defined in Rule A5.4.4 does not exceed 2% of its Capital Resources as defined in chapter 3.

5.7

Commodities Risk Capital Requirement

5.7.1

An Authorised Firm in Category 1, 2 (other than a Matched Principal) or 5 must calculate its Commodities Risk Capital Requirement in respect of Trading Book and Non-Trading Book commodity positions by:

(a)

applying its internal Market Risk model which has been approved by the DFSA for this purpose; or

(b)

applying the Rules set out in section A5.5.

5.8

Option Risk Capital Requirement

5.8.1

An Authorised Firm in Category 1, 2 (other than a Matched Principal) or 5 must calculate an Option Risk Capital Requirement if it has positions in Options in its Trading Book by:

(a)

applying its internally developed Market Risk model which has been approved by the DFSA for this purpose; or

(b)

by applying the Rules set out in section A5.6.

5.9

Collective Investment Fund Risk Capital Requirement

5.9.1

An Authorised Firm in Category 1, 2 (other than a Matched Principal) or 5 must calculate its Collective Investment Fund Risk Capital Requirement in respect of Trading Book positions in Units in a Collective Investment Fund by:

(a)

applying its internally developed Market Risk model which has been approved by the DFSA for this purpose; or

(b)

applying the Rules set out in section A5.7.

5.10 Securities Underwriting Capital Requirement

5.10.1 This section applies to an Authorised Firm in Category 1, 2 (other than a Matched Principal) or 5 in respect of Trading Book Securities Underwriting positions.

171

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Guidance

1.

This section sets out a framework for calculating the amount of Capital Requirement when an Authorised Firm has commitments to underwrite an issue of Securities, and the associated risk management standards which an Authorised Firm Underwriting Securities must meet.

2.

Underwriting is defined in the Glossary as an arrangement under which a party agrees to buy, before issue, a specified quantity of Securities in an issue of Securities on a given date and at a given price, if no other party has purchased or acquired them.

5.10.2 An Authorised Firm must establish and maintain such systems and controls to monitor and manage its Underwriting and sub-underwriting business as are appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of its Underwriting and sub- underwriting business.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Firm should take reasonable steps to:

a.

allocate responsibility for the management of its Underwriting and sub-underwriting business;

b.

allocate adequate resources of the Authorised Firm to monitor and control its Underwriting and sub- underwriting business;

c.

satisfy itself that its systems to monitor its Exposure to a Counterparty will calculate, revise and update its Underwriting Exposure to each Counterparty and its Capital Requirements;

d.

satisfy itself of the suitability of each person who performs functions for it in connection with the Authorised Firm’s Underwriting business, having regard to the person’s skill and experience; and

e.

satisfy itself that its procedures and controls to monitor and manage its Underwriting business address to meet sub-underwriting commitments.

the capacity of sub-underwriters

5.10.3

(1)

An Authorised Firm must calculate a Securities Underwriting Capital Requirement if it has a commitment to underwrite or sub-underwrite an issue of Securities.

(2)

An Authorised Firm has a commitment to underwrite or sub-underwrite an issue of Securities where:

(a)

it gives a commitment to an Issuer