 following Guidance is intended to assist firms to complete the above table.

The figures to be presented are averages of the daily observations of individual line items over the financial reporting period (i.e. the average of components and the average LCR over the most recent three months of daily positions, irrespective of the financial reporting schedule). The averages are calculated after the application of any haircuts, inflow and outflow rates and caps, where applicable.

Unweighted figures of HQLA are calculated at market value. Weighted figures of HQLA are calculated after the application of the respective haircuts but before the application of any caps on Level 2B and Level 2 assets.

Unweighted inflows and outflows are calculated as outstanding balances. Weighted inflows and outflows are calculated after the application of the inflow and outflow rates.

In completing the LCR disclosure table, Authorised Firms should follow the instructions below. The numbers in the instructions correspond to the relevant row number in the quantitative disclosure section of the table.

1.

Sum of all eligible high-quality liquid assets (HQLA), as defined in section A9.2 in App 9, before the application of any limits, excluding assets that do not meet the operational requirements, and including, where applicable, assets qualifying under alternative liquidity approaches.

2.

Retail deposits/PSIAs and deposits/PSIAs from small business customers are the sum of stable deposits/PSIAs, less stable deposits/PSIAs and any other funding sourced from (i) natural

426

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

persons and/or (ii) small business customers (as defined by paragraph 231 of the Basel II framework).

3.

Stable deposits/PSIAs include deposits/PSIAs placed with a bank by a natural person and unsecured wholesale funding provided by small business customers, defined as “stable” in Rule A9.2.15 in App 9.

4.

Less stable deposits/PSIAs include deposits/PSIAs placed with a bank by a natural person and unsecured wholesale funding provided by small business customers, not defined as “stable” in Rule A9.2.15 in App 9.

5.

Unsecured wholesale funding is defined as those liabilities and general obligations from customers other than natural persons and small business customers that are not collateralised.

6.

Operational deposits or accounts include deposits/PSIAs from bank clients with a substantive dependency on the bank where deposits/PSIAs are required for certain activities (i.e. clearing, custody or cash management activities). Deposits in institutional networks of cooperative banks include deposits of member institutions with the central institution or specialised central service providers.

7.

Non-operational deposits/PSIAs are all other unsecured wholesale deposits or PSIAs, both insured and uninsured.

8.

Unsecured debt includes all notes, bonds and other debt securities issued by the bank, regardless of the holder, unless the bond is sold exclusively in the retail market and held in retail accounts.

9.

Secured wholesale funding is defined as all collateralised liabilities and general obligations.

10. Additional requirements include other off-balance sheet liabilities or obligations.

11. Outflows related to derivative exposures and other collateral requirements include expected contractual derivatives cash flows on a net basis. These outflows also include increased liquidity needs related to: downgrade triggers embedded in financing transactions, derivative and other contracts; the potential for valuation changes on posted collateral securing derivatives and other transactions; excess non-segregated collateral held at the bank that could contractually be called at any time; contractually required collateral on transactions for which the counterparty has not yet demanded that the collateral be posted; contracts that allow collateral substitution to non- HQLA assets; and market valuation changes on derivatives or other transactions.

12. Outflows related to loss of funding on secured debt products include loss of funding on: asset- backed securities, covered bonds and other structured financing instruments; and asset-backed commercial paper, conduits, securities investment vehicles and other such financing facilities.

13. Credit and liquidity facilities include drawdowns on committed (contractually irrevocable) or conditionally revocable credit and liquidity facilities. The currently undrawn portion of these facilities is calculated net of any eligible HQLA if the HQLA: (a) have