… n X )  n

where:

KBIA = the Operational Risk Capital Requirement under the Basic Indicator

Approach

GI = the gross annual income, where positive, over the previous three years

n = number of the previous three years for which gross income is positive

 = 15%,

(4)

For the purpose of (1), “gross income” is net interest income plus net non- interest income and must:

(a) be gross of any provisions (e.g. for unpaid interest);

(b) be gross of operating expenses, including fees paid to outsourcing

service providers;

(c)

exclude realised profits/losses from the sale of Securities in the Non- Trading Book; and

(d) exclude extraordinary or irregular items as well as income derived from

insurance recoveries.

Guidance

1.

In A6.1.1(1), the three year average should be calculated on the basis of the last three yearly observations at the end of the Authorised Firm’s financial year. When audited figures are not available, business estimates may be used.

2.

If an Authorised Firm does not have sufficient income data to meet the three year requirement (e.g. a start-up), it may use its forecasted gross income projections for all or part of the three year time period. For example, if an Authorised Firm has two positive yearly gross incomes of USD 20 each and the final yearly observation shows a negative figure of USD 5, then the average should be calculated as USD 20 being USD 40 (sum of positive figures) divided by 2 (number of years for which positive figures are available).

3.

Net interest income in A6.1.1(4) is the interest income minus interest expense. Guidance on what constitutes interest income and interest expense can be found in the PRU module.

4.

Net non-interest income in A6.1.1(4) includes the income from fees and commissions, net income from trading Securities, net income from investment Securities, income from Islamic contracts and other operating income minus fee and commission expense. Guidance on non- interest income can be found in the PRU module.

5.

In A6.1.1(4)(ii), outsourcing fees paid by the Authorised Firm should be excluded whereas any outsourcing fee received by the Authorised Firm should be included as part of the gross income.

6. When income from revaluation of trading items is included in the income statement, such revaluation income should be included in the calculation of the gross income.

376

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

A6.2 Standardised Approach

A6.2.1 An Authorised Firm which uses the Standardised Approach:

(a)

must calculate its Operational Risk Capital Requirement equal to the average annual gross income over the previous three years for each of the business lines in Rule A6.2.3 multiplied by the fixed percentage (denoted beta) in Rule A6.2.3;

(b)

subject to (c), may in any given year offset negative a Capital Requirement (resulting from negative gross income) in any business line against positive capital charges in other business lines without limit; and

(c)

must input to the numerator a value of zero if the aggregate Operational Risk Capital Requirement across all business lines within a given year is negative.

A6.2.2 An Authorised Firm which uses the Standardised Approach must calculate its

Operational Risk Capital Requirement according to the following formula:

KSA =  years 1-3 max[(GI 1-8 X B1-8) , 0]}/ 3

where:

KSA =

the capital charge under the Standardised Approach

GI1-8 = annual gross income in a given year, as defined above in the Basic Indicator

Approach, for each of the eight business lines

B1-8 =

a fixed percentage set out in Rule A6.2.3.

A6.2.3 An Authorised Firm which uses the Standardised Approach must calculate its

Operational Risk Capital Requirement using the following beta values:

Business Line

Beta Factor

Corporate finance

18%

Trading and sales

18%

Retail banking

12%

Commercial banking