 a Synthetic Securitisation, when 10% or less of the original reference portfolio value remains.

A4.10.4 Where the conditions listed in Rule A4.10.3 are not met the Authorised Firm must hold

capital against the Exposures as follows:

306

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(a)

for a Traditional Securitisation the underlying Exposures must be treated as if they had not been securitised;

(b)

Authorised Firms must not include any gain-on-sale in any element or component of their Capital Resources;

(c)

for Synthetic Securitisations, the Authorised Firm must hold capital against the entire amount of securitised Exposures; and

(d)

where a Synthetic Securitisation incorporates a call that is not a Clean-Up Call, the Authorised Firm must treat the transaction in accordance with the relevant Credit Risk mitigation techniques insection 4.13.

A4.10.5 An Authorised Firm must treat a currency mismatch or a maturity mismatch between the underlying Exposure being hedged and the Credit Risk mitigation obtained through the Synthetic Securitisation in accordance with Rules in sections 4.13 and A4.3.

A4.11 Concentration Risk

Exempt Exposures

A4.11.1 (1)

An Authorised Firm may treat the following Exposures as exempt from the Concentration Risk limits in chapter 4 if they are to Counterparties not Connected to the Authorised Firm:

(a)

Exposures to central governments, Central Banks and PSEs referred to in Rule 4.12.3(2), which receive a Credit Quality Grade rating 1 or 2 in accordance with Rule 4.12.1;

(b)

Exposures to international organisations referred to in Rule 4.12.6 and MDBs referred to in Rule 4.12.5;

(c)

asset items or Exposures carrying the explicit guarantees of either (a) or (b) where the claims on the entity providing the guarantee would receive a 0% weighting (Credit Quality Grade rating of 1);

(d)

Exposures for which the Authorised Firm has Collateral in the form of cash deposits or certificates of deposit, including certificates of deposit issued by the Authorised Firm, held by the Authorised Firm, or held by the Authorised Firm's Parent Regulated Financial Institution or a Subsidiary of the Authorised Firm, but only if:

(i)

the Authorised Firm and its Parent Regulated Financial Institution or the Subsidiary of the Authorised Firm concerned are subject to consolidated supervision;

(ii)

the enforceability requirements mitigation) are met; and

in section 4.13 (Credit Risk

307

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(iii) material holdings in Regulated Financial Institutions and other Exposures which have been deducted from an Authorised Firm's Tier 1 Capital as required in chapter 3.

(2)

If an Authorised Firm obtains credit protection relating to an exempt Exposure under (1)(a), the Authorised Firm must nevertheless apply the Large Exposure limits to the Exposure to the credit protection provider, notwithstanding that the original Exposure is exempt.

(3)

An Authorised Firm must report Exposures which are exempt under (1)(a), (b) and (c) to the DFSA.

Guidance:

1.

In order to be applicable under (c) the guarantees must meet the requirements of section 4.13.9 in relation to Credit Risk mitigation.

2.

An Authorised Firm can only treat Exposures as Collateralised provided the conditions of Rules 4.13.5 to 4.13.8 (relating to Credit Risk mitigation) are met. Item (d) also includes cash received under a credit linked note issued by the Authorised Firm and loans and deposits of a Counterparty to or with the Authorised Firm which are subject to an on balance sheet Netting agreement recognised under section 4.13 (Credit Risk mitigation).

3.

The DFSA may consider a waiver for other sovereign Exposures where there is a local regulatory