/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Exposures to Issuers

A4.11.15 An Authorised Firm must calculate the value of an Exposure to the Issuer of a Security which is held in the Authorised Firm's Non-Trading Book as the sum of the excess, where positive, of the book value of all long positions over all short positions (the net long position), for each identical instrument issued by that Issuer.

A4.11.16 For the purposes of Rule A4.11.15, short positions in one Security may be used to offset

long positions in a non-identical Security issued by the same Issuer if:

(a)

both Securities are denominated in the same currency; and

(b)

where both Securities are:

(i)

fixed rate or index-linked, and are within the same residual maturity time band; or

(ii)

floating rate.

A4.11.17 An Authorised Firm must calculate the value of an Exposure to the Issuer of a Security or a credit derivative used as a hedge that is held in the Authorised Firm's Trading Book by calculating the excess of the current market value of all long positions over all short positions in all the Securities or credit derivatives issued by that Issuer, based on the seniority of those Securities or credit derivatives in the liquidation of the Issuer.

A4.11.18 An Authorised Firm must not offset an Exposure to one Issuer against an Exposure to

another even where the Issuers are in a group of Closely Related Counterparties.

A4.11.19 An Authorised Firm must include as a long position a commitment by it to buy:

(a)

a debt Security or an equity at a future date; and

(b)

under a note issuance facility, at the request of the Issuer, a Security that is unsold on the issue date.

A4.11.20 An Authorised Firm must include as a short position a commitment by it to sell a debt

Security or equity at a future date.

A4.11.21 Where the equity leg of an equity swap is based on the change in value of an individual

equity, it is treated as an Exposure to the Issuer of the equity.

Guidance

An interest rate leg of an equity swap, or interest rate or currency swap does not generate an Exposure to an Issuer.

A4.11.22 An Authorised Firm must, when determining its Exposure to an Issuer arising from an Option, use an Exposure value based on the level of change in the price that will result from the default of the underlying instrument.

A4.11.23 (1) An Authorised Firm must treat the value of:

314

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(a)

a call Option as equal to market value; and

(b)

a put Option as equal to the strike price minus the market value.

(2) An Authorised Firm must aggregate the resulting option Exposures to each underlying counterparty and if there is a negative net Exposure after aggregation of all option Exposures, the option Exposure must be set to nil.

A4.11.24 An Authorised Firm must, for the purposes of Concentration Risk, treat an Exposure to an Issuer arising from an index or basket of debt Securities or a non-broad-based equity index or basket, as a series of Exposures to the Issuers of the underlying instruments or equities in accordance with the procedures in chapter 4.

Guidance

Broadly based equity indices should not be broken down into their constituent stocks. A position related to a broadly based equity index does not generate an Exposure to any Issuer.

A4.11.25 An Authorised Firm which receives cash on a repurchase agreement must treat the cash as if it is on its balance sheet and in accordance with sections 4.9 and 4.13. Any Collateral received against repurchase agreements or Securities and commodities borrowing must also be treated as a balance sheet item under sections 4.9 and 4.13.

A4.11.26 An Authorised Firm must treat a reverse repurchase agreement or Securities and commodities lending in its