 laws, regulations or supervisory requirements in jurisdictions in which a banking group operates which affect the availability of liquidity by inhibiting the transfer of HQLA and fund flows within the Group.

A9.1.2 (1) An Authorised Firm that has been granted a global liquidity concession must

provide the DFSA with ongoing assurance about its Liquidity Risk by:

(a)

submitting to the DFSA at least quarterly a copy of the LCR calculation for the Authorised Firm, as submitted by its head office to its home supervisor;

(b) notifying the DFSA immediately of the results of every assessment which its home supervisor conducts which relates to the quality of liquidity systems and controls at its head office;

(c)

notifying the DFSA in writing immediately of any adverse finding or action taken by its home supervisor;

(d) notifying the DFSA in writing immediately of any potential change in the branch funding strategy, business model or material potential change in its balance sheet structure; and

(e) notifying the DFSA in writing immediately of any changes relating to its

compliance with the conditions referred to in Rule A9.1.1.

(2)

The DFSA may at any time, based on its assessment of the Liquidity Risk exposures of an Authorised Firm, by written notice adjust or exclude any of the requirements in (1), impose additional requirements or cancel the global liquidity concession granted to the Authorised Firm.

A9.2 The Liquidity Coverage Ratio

Guidance

1.

The objective of the LCR is to promote short-term resilience of an Authorised Firm’s liquidity risk profile. The LCR aims to ensure that an Authorised Firm maintains an adequate level of unencumbered HQLA that can be converted into cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day period under a severe liquidity stress scenario.

2.

The LCR is calculated under Rule 9.3.5 using the following formula:

LCR =

Value of stock of HQLA Total Net Cash Outflows over the next 30 calendar days

3.

The LCR has two components:

a.

Value of the stock of HQLA in stressed conditions; and

b.

Total Net Cash Outflows, calculated according to the scenario parameters outlined in this section.

384

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

4.

The stress scenario entails both institution-specific and systemic shocks including:

a.

the run-off of a proportion of retail deposits;

b.

a partial loss of unsecured wholesale funding capacity;

c.

a partial loss of secured, short-term financing with certain collateral and counterparties;

d.

additional contractual outflows that would arise from a downgrade in the Authorised Firm’s public credit rating, where applicable, by up to and including three notches, including collateral posting requirements;

e.

increases in market volatility that affect the quality of collateral or potential future exposure of derivative positions and so require larger collateral haircuts or additional collateral, or lead to other liquidity needs;

f.

unscheduled draws on committed but unused credit and liquidity facilities that the Authorised Firm has provided to its clients; and

g.

the potential need for the Authorised Firm to buy back debt or honour non-contractual obligations to mitigate reputational risk.

A9.2.1 An Authorised Firm must calculate its LCR on an ongoing basis and separately for each significant currency. An Authorised Firm must report to the DFSA its aggregate LCR calculation in USD.

Guidance

A currency is considered significant if the aggregate liabilities denominated in that currency amount to 5% or more of the Authorised Firm’s total liabilities.

High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA)

Guidance

Assets that meet the conditions in Rules A9.2.2 to A9.2.9 are considered to be HQLA. Those assets are considered to be HQLA as they can be converted easily and immediately into cash at little or no loss of value. To qualify as HQLA, assets should be liquid in markets during a time of stress. In determining whether or not the market for an asset can be relied upon to raise liquidity during a time of stress, the following factors should be taken into account:

1.

fundamental characteristics, for example:

a.

low risk: high credit standing of the issuer and a low degree of subordination