 in the different instruments. Authorised Firms should reflect the impact of material risks that could occur during the interval between the hedge's maturity and the liquidity horizon as well as the potential for significant basis risks in hedging strategies by product, seniority in the capital structure, internal or external rating, maturity, vintage and other differences in the instruments. An Authorised Firm should reflect a hedge only to the extent that it can be maintained even as the obligor approaches a credit or other event. 363

PIB/VER50/07-25

A5.9.3

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

12.

For positions that are hedged via dynamic hedging strategies, a rebalancing of the hedge within the liquidity horizon of the hedged position may be recognised, provided that the Authorised Firm:

a.

chooses to model rebalancing of the hedge consistently over the relevant set of Trading Book positions;

b.

demonstrates that the inclusion of rebalancing results in a better risk measurement; and

c.

demonstrates that the markets for the instruments serving as hedges are liquid enough to allow for such rebalancing even during periods of stress. Any residual risks resulting from dynamic hedging strategies must be reflected in the Capital Requirement.

Additional content of the internal IRC model

13.

The internal model to capture the incremental default and migration risks should reflect the nonlinear impact of options, structured Credit Derivatives and other positions with material nonlinear behaviour with respect to price changes. The Authorised Firm should also have due regard to the amount of model risk inherent in the valuation and estimation of price risks associated with such products.

14.

The internal model should be based on data that are objective and up-to-date.

15. As part of the independent review and validation of their internal models used for purposes of this chapter, an Authorised Firm should in particular do all of the following:

a.

validate that its modelling approach for correlations and price changes is appropriate for its portfolio, including the choice and weights of its systematic risk factors;

b.

perform a variety of stress tests, including sensitivity analysis and scenario analysis, to assess the qualitative and quantitative reasonableness of the internal model, particularly with regard to the treatment of concentrations. Such tests should not be limited to the range of events experienced historically; and

c.

apply appropriate quantitative validation, including relevant internal modelling benchmarks.

16.

The internal model should be consistent with the Authorised Firm's internal risk management methodologies for identifying, measuring, and managing trading risks.

17. Authorised Firms should document their internal models so that their correlation and other modelling assumptions are transparent to the DFSA.

18.

The internal model should conservatively assess the risk arising from less liquid positions and positions with limited price transparency under realistic market scenarios. In addition, the internal model should meet minimum data standards. Proxies should be appropriately conservative and may be used only where available data is insufficient or is not reflective of the true volatility of a position or portfolio.

Not fully compliant IRC approaches

19.

If an Authorised Firm uses an internal model to capture incremental default and migration risks that does not comply with all requirements specified in Guidance notes 4 to 18 of A5.9.2, but that is consistent with the Authorised Firm's internal methodologies for identifying, measuring and managing incremental default and migration risks, it should be able to demonstrate that its internal model results in a Capital Requirement that is at least as high as if it were based on a model in full compliance with the requirements of the Guidance notes referred above. The DFSA will review compliance with the previous sentence at least annually.

Internal model for correlation trading

364

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Guidance

1.

The DFSA will grant permission to use an internal model for calculating the Capital Requirement for a correlation trading portfolio only to Authorised Firms that have obtained the DFSA’s approval to use an internal model for Specific Risk of interest rate risk Exposures and that meet the requirements for internal models specified earlier in this section.

2.

Authorised Firms should use this internal model to calculate a number which adequately measures all price risks at the 99.9 % confidence interval over a time horizon of one year under the assumption of