cern capital).

8.

The Guidance in paragraphs 4 to 6 and 12 to 15 after Rule A9.2.15 should be used to determine whether a deposit or PSIAu is to be treated as “stable”, “less stable” or “operational”.

Required Stable Funding (RSF)

A9.4.2 (1)

An Authorised Firm must calculate its RSF by adding together:

(a)

the adjusted carrying values of its assets, calculated in accordance with (2); and

(b)

the adjusted carrying values of its off-balance sheet (OBS) Exposures (or potential liquidity Exposures), calculated in accordance with (3).

(2)

An Authorised Firm must calculate the adjusted carrying values of its respective assets by:

(a) assigning the carrying value of each asset to the applicable RSF

Category set out in Table 1 to this Rule;

(b) adjusting the carrying value of each asset by multiplying it by the

applicable RSF Factor set out in Table 1; and

(c) adding together each adjusted carrying value.

(3)

An Authorised Firm must calculate the adjusted carrying values of its respective OBS Exposures (or potential liquidity Exposures) by:

(a) assigning the carrying value of each Exposure to one of the OBS-RSF

Categories set out in Table 2 to this Rule;

(b) adjusting the carrying value of each asset by multiplying it by the applicable OBS-RSF Factor for that OBS-RSF Category, as set out in Table 2; and

404

PIB/VER50/07-25

RSF Factor

0%

5%

10%

15%

50%

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(c)

adding together each adjusted carrying value.

Table 1 - RSF Factors and Categories

Components of RSF Category

(a) coins and banknotes immediately available to meet obligations;

(b) all Central Banks reserves (including required reserves and excess

reserves);

(c) all claims on Central Banks with residual maturities of less than six

months; and

(d) trade date receivables arising from sales of financial instruments,

foreign currencies and commodities that:

(i) are expected to settle within the standard settlement cycle or period that is customary for the relevant exchange or type of transaction; or

(ii) have failed to, but are still expected to, settle.

Unencumbered assets included in Rule A9.2.6(2) (Level 1 HQLA), excluding assets receiving a 0% RSF Factor as specified above.

Unencumbered loans to financial institutions with residual maturities of less than six months, if the loan is secured against Level 1 HQLA included in Rule A9.2.6, and where the bank has the ability freely to hypothecate the received collateral for the life of the loan.

All loans to financial institutions with a residual maturity of less than six months, other than those receiving a 10% RSF Factor as specified above.

Unencumbered assets as defined in Rule A9.2.7(2) (Level 2 HQLA).

(a) unencumbered assets included in Rule A9.2.8(2) (Level 2B HQLA),

excluding any haircuts required under that Rule;

(b) any HQLA as defined in Rules A9.2.6 to A9.2.8 that are encumbered

for a period of between six months and less than one year;

(c) all loans to financial institutions and Central Banks with residual

maturity of between six months and less than one year;

(d) operational deposits, that is, deposits held at other financial institutions for operational purposes, that are subject to the 50% ASF Factor set out in the table in Rule A9.4.1; and

(e) all other non-HQLA not included in the above categories that have a

residual maturity of less than one year, including loans to non-financial

405

PIB/VER50/07-25

65%

85%

100%

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

corporate clients, loans to retail customers (i.e. natural persons) and small business customers, and