 Firm should implement a system of management reporting which provides relevant, accurate, comprehensive, timely and reliable Market Risk reports to relevant functions within the Authorised Firm. These reports should:

a.

alert senior management’s attention to the size of Exposures and the relationship between these Exposures and limits;

b.

cover exceptions to the Authorised Firm’s Market Risk policy;

c.

present the results from stress tests undertaken; and

d.

analyse and explain any changes to the level and nature of Market Risk and any remedial action proposed or taken.

8.

An Authorised Firm should have procedures, including stop-loss procedures, for taking appropriate action according to the information within the management reports.

9.

An Authorised Firm should ensure that there are controls and procedures for reporting any trades booked at off-market rates.

10. An Authorised Firm should ensure that risk monitoring is subject to a periodic independent check. Models used to determine or interpolate specific Market Risk factors should be independently reviewed or otherwise validated.

11.

Particular attention should be given to the monitoring of Market Risk that does not conform to the usual Market Risk policy, or which exceeds predetermined Market Risk limits and criteria, but is sanctioned because of particular circumstances in accordance with the Authorised Firm’s procedures. Unauthorised exceptions to policies, procedures and limits should be reported in a timely manner to the appropriate level of management along with any remedial action proposed or taken.

12. Market Risk limits should be periodically reviewed in order to check their suitability for current market conditions and the Authorised Firm’s overall risk appetite.

13. An Authorised Firm should use a model or some form of analytical tool to assess risk in complex instruments or across portfolios. An Authorised Firm which wishes to use such a model to determine part of its financial resources requirement, should refer to section 5.3.

14. An Authorised Firm should also use stress testing to determine the potential effects of economic downturns, market events, changes in interest rates, foreign exchange or liquidity conditions.

15. An Authorised Firm should set an appropriate limit structure to control its Market Risk Exposure. The degree of granularity within the limit structure, or how hierarchical it is, will depend on the nature of the products traded (for example, whether the underlying risks are linear or non-linear) and the scale of the Authorised Firm’s overall business (for example, whether the Authorised Firm is an active market maker). An Authorised Firm should set limits on risks such as simple price or rate risk as well as on the factors, Delta, Gamma, Vega, Rho, and Theta, arising from options positions. Limits should also be imposed against net or gross positions, and in relation to maximum allowable loss (‘stop-loss’), value at risk, maturity gap, and illiquid or volatile markets.

320

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

17. An Authorised Firm should provide a process for the identification, timely reporting and subsequent action in respect of exceptions to limits. An Authorised Firm should also ensure that limit breaches and action arising from exceptions are monitored. An Authorised Firm may also consider whether it is appropriate to set intermediate thresholds that alert management when limits are approached, triggering review or other appropriate action, or both.

18. Various methods can be used to hedge Market Risk. An Authorised Firm should document the appropriate products to be used to hedge Exposure and identify individuals within the Authorised Firm or Group responsible for monitoring hedge performance.

19. An Authorised Firm should ensure that it makes and maintains appropriate prudential records which show and explain the Authorised Firm’s transactions, disclose its financial position and Exposure to Market Risk and enable it to demonstrate compliance with the DFSA rules. In particular, an Authorised Firm should have data history to enable it to perform back-testing of methods and assumptions used for stress and scenario testing and for value-at-risk models. Market Risk records should be retained for at least six years.

A5.2

Interest Rate Risk Capital Requirement

Guidance

Section A5.2 presents the method for the calculation of Specific Risk and General Market Risk in respect of the Interest Rate Risk Capital Requirement as referred to in Rule 5.4.1(b).

A5.2.1 An Authorised Firm which calculates its Interest Rate Risk Capital Requirement in

accordance with Rule 5.4.