 Authorised Firm can only treat Exposures as Collateralised provided the conditions of Rules 4.13.5 to 4.13.8 (relating to Credit Risk mitigation) are met. Item (d) also includes cash received under a credit linked note issued by the Authorised Firm and loans and deposits of a Counterparty to or with the Authorised Firm which are subject to an on balance sheet Netting agreement recognised under section 4.13 (Credit Risk mitigation).

3.

The DFSA may consider a waiver for other sovereign Exposures where there is a local regulatory requirement to hold assets with a national regulatory authority. Authorised Firms will be required to apply for a waiver of the Large Exposure requirements in this regard and will be considered by the DFSA on a case by case basis.

4.

The DFSA may, where it considers it appropriate, allow two or more Exposures to a sovereign not to be treated as connected or related if the sole reason for linking them is being controlled or economically dependent on the sovereign (including eligible PSEs). An eligible PSE is a PSE referred to in Rule A4.11.1(a).

A4.11.2 Where Exposures to a client are guaranteed by a third party, or secured by Collateral

issued by a third party, an Authorised Firm may:

(a)

provided the Collateral meets the requirements of section 4.13 (Credit Risk mitigation), and would be assigned a lower risk weight under section 4.12 , treat that portion of the Exposure which is secured by Collateral as an Exposure to the third party. An Authorised Firm must treat the portion secured by Collateral as having being incurred to the third party providing the Collateral rather than to the Client for the purposes of considering the limits as set out at Rule 4.15.5; or

(b)

provided the guarantee meets the requirements of section 4.13 (Credit Risk mitigation), and would be assigned a lower risk weight under section 4.12, treat that portion of the Exposure which is guaranteed as an Exposure to the third party. An Authorised Firm must treat the portion guaranteed as having being incurred to the third party rather than to the Client for the purposes of considering the limits as set out at Rule 4.15.5. When considering the guarantee there must not be any maturity mismatch between the guarantee and the underlying Exposure.

308

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

A4.11.3 If an Exposure is partially guaranteed by an Authorised Firm’s Parent Regulated Financial Institution, and would be assigned a lower risk weight under section 4.12, only that part of the Exposure subject to the guarantee is exempt from the Concentration Risk limits in Rule 4.15.5. When considering the treatment of this Rule an Authorised Firm may also consider the exemptions permitted under Rule 4.15.18 relating to parental guarantees.

Identification of Counterparties

A4.11.4 When calculating the Exposures of an Authorised Firm, the Authorised Firm must include

Trading Book Exposures and Non-Trading Book Exposures to:

(a)

an individual Counterparty;

(b)

group of Closely Related Counterparties;

(c)

Connected Counterparties; and,

(d)

Transactions, schemes or Funds.

Guidance

1.

An individual Counterparty is a natural or legal person, which include governments, local authorities, public sector enterprises (PSEs), trusts, corporations, unincorporated businesses and non-profit-making bodies.

2.

Examples of a Counterparty include:

a.

the customer or borrower;

b.

where the Authorised Firm is providing a guarantee, the person guaranteed;

c.

for a Derivatives contract, the person with whom the contract was made;

d.

for most exchange-traded contracts involving a central clearing mechanism, that central clearing mechanism; and

e.

where a bill held by an Authorised Firm has been accepted by another Financial Institution, the acceptor.

Group of Closely Related Counterparties

A4.11.5 (1)

For Concentration Risk purposes, Persons are Closely Related if:

(a)

the insolvency or default of one of them is likely to be associated with the insolvency or default