ures, Exposures; and

(iii) Amount of Credit RWAs for Early Amortisation Exposures,

included in SE Exposures, if any.

(c) Market Risk Capital Requirement for each component of Market Risk

as listed in Rule 5.1.3, calculated using:

(i) Rules prescribed in chapter 5;

(ii)

Internal Models Approach; or

(iii) both (i) and (ii).

(d) Operational Risk Capital Requirement calculated under the following

approaches, where applicable:

(i) Basic Indicator Approach;

(ii) Standardised Approach;

(iii) Alternative Standardised Approach; or

(iv) a combination of any of the above.

(e) Capital Requirement at the solo and at the Financial Group level.

(f) (i)

CET1 Capital ratio as a percentage of total RWAs;

(ii)

T1 Capital ratio as a percentage of total RWAs;

(iii) Capital Resources as a percentage of total RWAs; and

(iv) These ratios need to disclosed at both the Authorised Firm level

and at the Financial Group level.

(g) The ratios referred to in (f) must be disclosed for each significant entity

in the case of a Financial Group.

416

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Table 4 - Credit Risk – general disclosures

Qualitative Disclosures

(a) A description of the policies of the Authorised Firm in relation to :

(i)

past due and impaired loans in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards;

(ii) assessment of the level of individual and collective impairment provisions in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards;

(iii) Credit Risk management; and

(iv)

the nature of the Exposures within each asset class.

For each asset class:

(i)

the name of each recognised external credit rating agency which ratings are used by the Authorised Firm, and the reasons for any changes in the use of a recognised external credit rating agency;

(ii)

the types of Exposure for which ratings of each recognised external credit rating agency are used;

(iii) a description of the process used to transfer public issue ratings

onto comparable assets in the Non-Trading Book; and

(iv)

the alignment of the alphanumerical scale of each recognised external credit rating agency used by the Authorised Firm with relevant risk weights.

For Exposures to Banks, a description of the methodology used to classify Exposures into one of the three risk weight Grades.

Quantitative Disclosures

(b) Total gross credit Exposures, and average gross credit Exposures over the reporting period, broken down by major types of credit Exposure.

(c) Geographic distribution of credit Exposures, broken down in significant

areas by major types of credit Exposure.

(d) Industry or Counterparty-type distribution of credit Exposures, broken

down by major types of credit Exposure.

(e) Residual contractual maturity broken down by major types of credit

Exposure.

(f) By major industry or Counterparty type:

(i)

amount of classified loans;

(ii) amount of past due loans;

(iii)

individual and collective impairment provisions; and

(iv) charges for individual impairment provisions and charge-offs during

the period.

417

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(g) By significant geographic area:

(i)

amount of classified loans;

(ii) amount of past due loans; and

(iii)

individual and collective impairment provisions, where feasible.

(h) Reconciliation of changes in the provisions for loan impairment, and separate disclosures for charge-offs and recoveries that are recorded directly to the income statement.

(i) An analysis by risk-weights (including deducted Exposures) for the total rated and unrated credit Exposures after taking into account the effects of Credit Risk mitigation.

Table 5 – Credit Risk mitigation disclosures

Qualitative Disclosures

(a) A description of the following items with respect to Credit Risk mitigation:

(i)

policies and procedures for, and an indication of the extent to which the Authorised Firm makes use of, on-balance sheet Netting;

(ii) policies and procedures for Collateral valuation and management;

(iii)

the main types of Collateral taken by the Authorised Firm;

(iv)

the main types of