 through reverse repo, securities borrowing or collateral swaps, which matures within the 30-day period, is re- used (i.e. rehypothecated) and is tied up for 30 days or longer to cover short positions. An Authorised Firm should then assume that such reverse repo or securities borrowing arrangements will be rolled over and will not give rise to any cash inflows (zero %), reflecting its need to continue to cover the short position or to repurchase the relevant securities.

3.

An Authorised Firm should manage its collateral so that it is able to fulfil obligations to return collateral whenever the counterparty decides not to roll-over any reverse repo or securities lending transaction. This is especially the case for non-HQLA collateral, since such outflows are not captured in the LCR framework.

399

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Lines of credit

4.

Lines of credit, liquidity facilities and other contingent funding facilities that an Authorised Firm holds at other institutions for its own purposes should be assumed to be able to be drawn and so such facilities should receive a zero % inflow rate.

Inflows by counterparty

5.

All inflows should be taken only at the latest possible date, based on the contractual rights available to counterparties. Inflows from loans that have no specific maturity should not be included, with the exception of minimum payments of principal, fee or interest associated with an open maturity loan.

6.

Operational deposits: a zero % inflow rate should apply to deposits held at other financial institutions for operational purposes.

Other cash inflows

7.

Other contractual cash inflows: other contractual cash inflows should be included under this category. Cash inflows related to non-financial revenues should not be taken into account in the calculation of the net cash outflows for the purposes of the LCR. These items should receive an inflow rate of 100%.

A9.3 The Maturity Mismatch approach

Including inflows (assets) and outflows (liabilities) in the timebands

A9.3.1 (1)

Outflows (liabilities) must be included in the Maturity Ladder according to their earliest contractual maturity.

(2)

Contingent liabilities may be excluded from the maturity mismatch ratio calculation only if there is a likelihood that the conditions necessary to trigger them will not be fulfilled within the ratio period.

(3)

Inflows (assets) must be included in the Maturity Ladder according to their latest contractual maturity.

Including liquid assets in the Maturity Ladder

A9.3.2 (1)

Liquid assets are included at market value in the relevant section of the Maturity Ladder.

(2)

An asset is regarded as liquid if:

(a) prices are regularly quoted for the asset;

(b)

the asset is regularly traded;

(c)

the asset may readily be sold, including by repurchase agreement, either on an exchange, or in a deep and liquid market for payment in cash; and

400

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(d)

settlement is according to a prescribed timetable rather than a negotiated timetable.

(3)

Deleted.

(4)

The discount factor to be applied to types of marketable assets when completing the maturity mismatch ratio calculation must be determined by reference to the following table and Rules A9.2.6 to A9.2.9 (which define which assets are eligible to be included in each HQLA level):

Liquid Assets

Discount

Level 1 HQLA

0%

Level 2A HQLA

15%

Level 2B HQLA - Eligible asset backed securities

25%

Level 2B HQLA - Other HQLA

50%

Non-HQLA eligible trading assets that are Investment Grade

60%

(5)

The DFSA may vary the discounts to reflect the conditions of a particular market or institution.

A9.4 The Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Firm’s NSFR is the amount of Available Stable Funding (ASF) relative to the amount of Required Stable Funding (RSF). The NSFR should be at least 100% at all times (see Rule 