 having similar liquidity risk characteristics to retail accounts; and

b.

the total aggregated funding raised from a small and medium-sized enterprise customer is less than USD 1 million (on a consolidated basis where applicable).

Operational deposits

12. Operational deposits should consist of those deposits where customers place, or leave, deposits with an Authorised Firm to facilitate their access and ability to use payment and settlement systems and otherwise make payments. Balances can be included only if the customer has a substantive dependency on the Authorised Firm and the deposit is required for such activities.

13. Qualifying activities in this context refer to clearing, custody or cash management activities where the customer is reliant on the Authorised Firm to perform these services as an independent third-party intermediary in order to fulfil its normal banking activities over the next 30 days. These services should be provided to institutional customers under a legally binding agreement and the termination of such agreements should be subject either to a notice period of at least 30 days or to significant switching costs to be borne by the customer if the operational deposits are moved before 30 days.

14. Qualifying operational deposits generated by such an activity should consist of deposits which are:

a.

by-products of the underlying services provided by the Authorised Firm;

b.

not offered by the Authorised Firm in the wholesale market in the sole interest of offering interest income; and

c.

held in specifically designated accounts and priced without giving an economic incentive to the customer to leave excess funds on these accounts.

15. Any excess balances that could be withdrawn without jeopardising these clearing, custody or cash management activities should not qualify as operational deposits.

Liquidity facilities

16. A liquidity facility should consist of any committed, undrawn back-up facility that would be used to refinance the debt obligations of a customer in situations where such a customer is unable to roll over that debt in financial markets. The amount of any commitment to be treated as a liquidity facility should consist of the amount of the outstanding debt issued by the customer (or proportionate share of a syndicated facility) maturing within a 30-day period that is backstopped by the facility. Any additional capacity of the facility should be treated as a committed credit facility. General working capital facilities for corporate entities (e.g. revolving credit facilities in place for general corporate or working capital purposes) should not be classified as liquidity facilities, but as credit facilities.

17. Despite paragraph 16, any facilities provided to hedge funds, money market funds and special purpose funding vehicles, or other vehicles used to finance an Authorised Firm’s own assets, should be captured in their entirety as a liquidity facility to a financial institution.

Unrestricted PSIAs and other Shari’a compliant products

18.

For the purposes of calculating cash outflows, Unrestricted PSIAs should be treated similarly to the relevant category of deposits specified in the Table. The appropriate run-off factor for a PSIA will depend on the contractual withdrawal rights of the investment account holders and whether it is a retail or wholesale account.

397

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

19.

For commodity Murabaha transactions, a run-off factor of 100% should be applied to the balance of the Murabaha payable, if the remaining term of the contract does not exceed 30 days. If early withdrawal of the original amount is allowed at the discretion of the Authorised Firm with no mark-up, then the applicable run-off factor will be the same as that for the relevant category of deposit or Unrestricted PSIA under the Table.

Cash Inflows

A9.2.16 (1) When considering its available cash inflows, an Authorised Firm may include contractual inflows from outstanding exposures only if they are fully performing and there is no reasonable basis to expect a default within the 30-day period. Contingent inflows are not included in total net cash inflows.

(2) Where an Authorised Firm is overly reliant on cash inflows from one or a limited number of wholesale counterparties, the DFSA may set an alternative limit on the level of cash inflows that can be included in the LCR.

A9.2.17 (1) The DFSA may allow an Authorised Firm to recognise as cash inflow, access to a parent entity’s funds via a committed funding facility if the Authorised Firm is a subsidiary