 – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(i) deferred tax liabilities, which should be treated according to the nearest possible date on which such liabilities could be realised; and

(ii) minority interest, which should be treated according to the term of

the instrument, usually in perpetuity.

These liabilities would then be assigned either a 100% ASF Factor, if the effective maturity is one year or greater, or 50%, if the effective maturity is between six months and less than one year;

(c) NSFR derivative liabilities (net of NSFR derivative assets) if NSFR

derivative liabilities are greater than NSFR derivative assets;

(d) Net NSFR Shari’a compliant hedging liabilities (if NSFR Shari’a compliant hedging liabilities are greater than NSFR Shari’a compliant hedging assets); and

(e) “trade date” payables arising from purchases of financial instruments,

foreign currencies and commodities that:

(i) are expected to settle within the standard settlement cycle or period that is customary for the relevant exchange or type of transaction; or

(ii) have failed to, but are still expected to, settle.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Firm’s ASF represents the relative stability of its funding sources, including the contractual maturity of its liabilities and the differences in the propensity of different types of funding providers to withdraw their funding.

2.

The calibration of the ASF reflects the stability of liabilities, taking into account a number of factors:

a.

funding tenor – longer-term liabilities are assumed to be more stable than short-term liabilities; and

b.

funding type and counterparty – it is assumed that short-term deposits or PSIAus (i.e. maturing in less than one year) provided by retail customers and funding provided by small business customers are behaviourally more stable than wholesale funding of the same maturity from other counterparties.

3.

For ASF purposes, when determining the maturity of an equity or liability instrument, investors are assumed to redeem a call option at the earliest possible date. For funding with options exercisable at the firm’s discretion, the DFSA will take into account reputational factors that may limit the firm’s ability not to exercise the option. In particular, where the market expects certain liabilities to be redeemed before their legal final maturity date, the firm should assume such behaviour for the purpose of the NSFR Requirement and include these liabilities in the corresponding ASF Category. For long-dated liabilities, only the portion of cash flows falling at or beyond the six-month and one-year time horizons should be treated as having an effective residual maturity of six months or more and one year or more, respectively.

403

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

4.

Derivative liabilities are to be calculated first based on the replacement cost for derivative contracts (obtained by marking to market) where the contract has a negative value. When an eligible bilateral netting contract is in place that meets the conditions specified in the instructional guidelines for Form B300 set out in PRU Section 1.48, the replacement cost for the set of derivative exposures covered by the contract will be the net replacement cost.

5.

In calculating NSFR derivative liabilities, collateral posted in the form of variation margin in connection with derivative contracts, regardless of the asset type, must be deducted from the negative replacement cost amount.

6.

Carrying value is the amount at which a liability or equity instrument is recorded before the application of any regulatory deductions, filters or other adjustments.

7.

Regulatory capital consists of the sum of:

a. T1 Capital (going-concern capital):

i

CET1; and

ii

AT1; and

b. T2 Capital (gone-concern capital).

8.

The Guidance in paragraphs 4 to 6 and 12 to 15 after Rule A9.2.15 should be used to determine whether a deposit or PSIAu is to be treated as “stable”, “less stable” or “operational”.

Required Stable Funding (RSF)

A9.4.2 (1)

An Authorised Firm must calculate its RSF by adding together:

(a)

the adjusted carrying values of its assets, calculated in accordance with (2); and

(b)

the adjusted carrying values of its off-balance sheet (OBS