 30 calendar days to allow time to adjust its stock as needed or replace the asset.

A9.2.11 For the purpose of calculating a consolidated LCR for a Financial Group, where applicable, qualifying HQLA held to meet statutory liquidity requirements at a legal entity or sub-consolidated level may be included in the stock at the consolidated level only to the extent that the related risks are also reflected in the consolidated LCR. Any surplus of HQLA held at the legal entity can be included in the consolidated stock of HQLA only if those assets would also be freely available to the consolidated parent entity in times of stress.

A9.2.12 An Authorised Firm must be able to meet its liquidity needs in each currency in which it has a significant exposure. The currencies of the stock of HQLA of an Authorised Firm must be similar in composition to its liquidity needs by currency.

Total Net Cash Outflow

A9.2.13 (1) An Authorised Firm must calculate its Total Net Cash Outflow over the following

30 calendar days in accordance with the following formula:

Total Net Cash Outflows over the next 30 calendar days

=

total expected cash outflows

–

whichever is the lesser amount of total expected cash inflows or 75% of total expected cash outflows

(2) Total expected cash outflows are calculated by multiplying the outstanding balances of various categories or types of liabilities and off-balance sheet

392

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

commitments by the rates at which they are expected to run off or be drawn down.

(3) Total expected cash inflows are calculated by multiplying the outstanding balances of various categories of contractual receivables by the rates at which they are expected to flow in.

(4) To ensure a minimum level of HQLA holdings at all times, total cash inflows are

subject to an aggregate cap of 75% of total expected cash outflows.

A9.2.14 An Authorised Firm must not double-count items. That is, for assets included as part of the eligible stock of HQLA, the associated cash inflows arising from such assets must not be counted as cash inflows for the purpose of calculating the net cash outflows over the next 30 calendar days.

Cash Outflows

A9.2.15 The following table specifies, for each of the various categories or types of liabilities and off-balance sheet commitments, the rates at which they are expected to run off or be drawn down for the purpose of calculating the LCR.

Cash Outflows

Item

Factor

A. Retail Deposits:

Demand deposit and term deposits (less than 30 days maturity):

Stable deposits

5%

Less stable retail deposits

10%

Term deposits with residual maturity greater than 30 days

0%

B. Unsecured Wholesale Funding:

Demand and term deposits (less than 30 days maturity) provided by small business customers:

Stable deposits

5%

Less stable deposits

10%

Small business customers - Term deposits with residual maturity greater than 30 days with no legal right to withdraw or a withdrawal with a significant penalty

0%

Operational deposits or operational accounts generated by clearing, custody and cash management activities:

25%

Portion covered by deposit insurance

5%

Cooperative banks or institutions offering Islamic financial services in an institutional network (qualifying deposits with the centralised institution)

25%

393

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Cash Outflows

Item

Factor

Non-financial corporates, sovereigns, central banks, multilateral development banks and PSEs:

40%

If the entire amount is fully covered by a deposit protection scheme 20%

Other legal entity customers

100%

C. Secured Funding:

Secured funding transactions with a central bank counterparty or

backed by Level 1 HQLA with any counterparty

0%

Secured funding transactions backed by Level 2A HQLA, with any

counterparty

15%

Secured funding transactions backed by non-Level 1 HQLA or non- Level 2A HQLA, with domestic sovereigns, multilateral development banks, or domestic PSEs