 source of contingent funds that is available to convert into cash

386

PIB/VER50/07-25

A9.2.5

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

to fill funding gaps between cash inflows and outflows at any time during the 30-day stress period, with no restriction on the use of the liquidity generated.

2.

Under Rule A9.2.3(a), the control of the HQLA may be evidenced either by:

(a) maintaining assets in a separate pool managed by the identified liquidity management function (typically the treasurer) with the sole intent to use it as a source of contingent funds; or

(b)

demonstrating that the relevant function can monetise the asset at any point in the 30- day stress period and that the proceeds are available to the function throughout the 30- day stress period without directly conflicting with a stated business or risk management strategy.

3.

Operational capability to monetise assets referred to in Rule A9.2.3(b), requires procedures and appropriate systems to be in place. This includes providing the liquidity management function with access to all necessary information to monetise any asset at any time. Monetisation of the asset should be executable operationally within the standard settlement period for the asset class in the relevant jurisdiction.

Caps on different types of HQLA

(1) Assets eligible to be included in the stock of HQLA for the purpose of the LCR

calculation are classified under the following two categories:

(a) Level 1 HQLA, consisting of the highest quality and most liquid assets;

and

(b) Level 2 HQLA, including Level 2A HQLA and Level 2B HQLA, consisting

of other high quality liquid assets.

(2) When calculating the total stock of HQLA, an Authorised Firm must apply the

following caps in respect of each category of assets:

(a) Level 1 HQLA can be included in the total stock of HQLA without any limit

(i.e. up to 100% of HQLA);

(b) Total Level 2 HQLA, including both Level 2A HQLA and Level 2B HQLA,

can comprise only up to 40% of the total stock of HQLA; and

(c)

Level 2B HQLA can comprise only up to 15% of the total stock of HQLA within the overall 40% limit on Level 2 HQLA in (b).

(3) The caps on Level 2 HQLA and Level 2B HQLA must be determined after applying the haircuts required under Rules A9.2.7 and A9.2.8, and after unwinding the amounts of HQLA involved in short-term secured funding, secured lending and collateral swap transactions maturing within 30 calendar days that involve the exchange of HQLA.

(4) The assets to be included in each category of HQLA must be restricted to assets being held or owned by the Authorised Firm on the first day of the stress period, irrespective of their residual maturity.

387

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Guidance

1.

The following Guidance is intended to illustrate how Rule A9.2.5 should be applied in practice.

2.

Under Rule A9.2.5(3) the adjusted amounts of HQLA should be calculated as the amount of HQLA that would result after unwinding those short-term secured funding, secured lending and collateral swap transactions that involve the exchange of any HQLA for any other HQLA.

3.

The calculation of the stock of HQLA under Rule A9.2.5 can be expressed as the following formula:

Stock of HQLA = Level 1 HQLA + Level 2A HQLA + Level 2B HQLA – Adjustment for 15% cap – Adjustment for 40% cap

Where:

a.

Adjustment for 15% cap = Max (Adjusted Level 2B HQLA – 15/85 x(Adjusted Level 1 HQLA + Level 2A HQL