 and in a timely manner to such information.

12.

Based on the SREP, the DFSA will form an assessment which will be communicated to the Authorised Firm and flow into the overall supervisory approach. The action required resulting from the IRAP and ICAAP will be communicated to the firm as part of a risk mitigation programme.

413

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

13. Where the DFSA does not agree with the results of the firm’s ICAAP results, the DFSA will involve the firm in a dialogue to reconcile any difference in view to arrive at a consensus estimate of the capital level required to address all risks identified either by the firm or by the DFSA in its SREP. Such an estimate will be specified by the DFSA as the Individual Capital Requirement for the firm. Where consensus is not possible the DFSA may impose an Individual Capital Requirement on a firm.

414

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

APP11 PUBLIC DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS

Table 1 – Scope of application

Qualitative Disclosures

(a) The name of the Authorised Firm.

(b) In the case of a Financial Group, a list of all the entities forming part of the Financial Group and a brief description of each of those entities. In addition, a description of differences in the basis of consolidation for regulatory purposes compared to that required under the International Financial Reporting Standards. The description must include a brief description of the entities:

(i)

that are fully consolidated;

(ii)

that are consolidated on a pro-rata basis;

(iii)

that are equity-accounted;

(iv)

that are included as deductions from any of the components of Capital Resources;

(v)

from which surplus capital is recognised, if any; and

(vi)

that are not consolidated and not deducted.

(c) Any restrictions or impediments on transfer of funds or regulatory capital

within the Financial Group.

Table 2 – Capital

Qualitative Disclosures

(a) A description of the terms and conditions and main features of all capital instruments included within every component of Capital Resources – CET 1 Capital, AT1 Capital and T2 Capital.

Quantitative Disclosures

(b) (i) Amounts of every element eligible for inclusion in CET1 Capital;

(ii) Regulatory adjustments to CET1 Capital;

(iii) Deductions from CET1 Capital; and

(iv) Amount of total CET1 Capital.

(c) (i) Amounts of every element eligible for inclusion in AT1 Capital;

(ii) Regulatory adjustments to AT1 Capital;

(iii) Deductions from AT1 Capital; and

(iv) Amount of total AT1 Capital.

(d) (i)

Amounts of every element eligible for inclusion in T2 Capital;

(ii) Regulatory adjustments to T2 Capital;

(iii) Deductions from T2 Capital; and

(iv) Amount of total T2 Capital.

(e) Amount of eligible Capital Resources.

415

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Table 3 – Capital Adequacy

Qualitative Disclosures

(a) A description of the overall capital management system and approach to assessing the adequacy of its capital to support current and future activities.

This should include description of systems, controls and processes for capital management and capital mobilisation plans for the medium term.

Quantitative Disclosures

(b) (i) Amount of CRCOM;

(ii) Amount of Credit RWA for each asset class giving rise to CR for SE Exposures, CCR Exposures and SR

Exposures, Exposures; and

(iii) Amount of Credit RWAs for Early Amortisation Exposures,

included in SE Exposures, if any.

(c) Market Risk Capital Requirement for each component of Market Risk

as listed in Rule 5.1.3, calculated using:

(i) Rules prescribed in chapter 5;

(ii)

Internal Models Approach; or

(iii) both (i) and (ii).

(d) Operational Risk Capital Requirement calculated under the following

approaches, where applicable:

(i) Basic Indicator Approach;

(ii) Standardised Approach;

(i