 to A9.2.9 are considered to be HQLA. Those assets are considered to be HQLA as they can be converted easily and immediately into cash at little or no loss of value. To qualify as HQLA, assets should be liquid in markets during a time of stress. In determining whether or not the market for an asset can be relied upon to raise liquidity during a time of stress, the following factors should be taken into account:

1.

fundamental characteristics, for example:

a.

low risk: high credit standing of the issuer and a low degree of subordination, low duration, low legal risk, low inflation risk, denomination in a convertible currency with low foreign exchange risk;

b. ease and certainty of valuation;

c.

low correlation with risky assets, not subject to wrong-way risk; and

d.

listing on a developed and recognised exchange.

2.

market-related characteristics, for example:

385

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

a. active and sizable market, including active outright sale or repo markets at all times. This

can be demonstrated through:

i.

historical evidence of market breadth and market depth (low bid-ask spreads, high trading volumes, large and diverse number of market participants); or

ii.

existence of robust market infrastructure (presence of multiple committed market makers);

b.

low price volatility, including historical evidence of relative stability of market terms (e.g. prices and haircuts) and volumes during stressed periods; or

c.

flight to quality, i.e. that historically the market has shown a tendency to move into these types of high quality assets in a systemic crisis.

HQLA – general operational requirements

A9.2.2 To be eligible as HQLA, assets in the portfolio of HQLA must be appropriately diversified in terms of type of assets, type of issuer and specific counterparty or issuer.

A9.2.3 To be eligible as HQLA, assets must meet the following requirements:

(a)

the assets must be under the control of the specific function or functions charged with managing the liquidity of the Authorised Firm who must have the continuous authority and legal and operational capability to monetise any asset in the stock; and

(b) a representative portion of the assets in the stock of HQLA must be monetised via outright sale or via a repurchase agreement periodically and at least annually by the Authorised Firm to test its access to the market, the effectiveness of its processes for monetisation, the availability of the assets, and to minimise the risk of negative signalling during a period of actual stress.

A9.2.4 To be eligible as HQLA, an asset must also meet the following requirements:

(a)

the asset must be unencumbered and free of legal, regulatory, contractual or other restrictions that affect the ability of the Authorised Firm to liquidate, sell, transfer, or assign the asset;

(b)

the asset must not be pledged, either explicitly or implicitly, to secure, collateralise or credit-enhance any transaction, nor be designated to cover operational costs (such as rents and salaries); and

(c)

an asset received in a reverse repo or securities financing transactions that is held at the Authorised Firm, is eligible for inclusion in the stock of HQLA only if the asset has not been rehypothecated and is legally and contractually available for the Authorised Firm’s use.

Guidance

1.

The requirements in Rules A9.2.2 to A9.2.4 are intended to ensure that the stock of HQLA is managed in such a way that the Authorised Firm can, and is able to demonstrate that it can, immediately use the assets as a source of contingent funds that is available to convert into cash

386

PIB/VER50/07-25

A9.2.5

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

to fill funding gaps between cash inflows and outflows at any time during the 30-day stress period, with no restriction on the use of the liquidity generated.

2.

Under Rule A9.2.3(a), the control of the HQLA may be evidenced either by:

(a) maintaining assets in a separate pool managed