 asset backed securities

25%

Level 2B HQLA - Other HQLA

50%

Non-HQLA eligible trading assets that are Investment Grade

60%

(5)

The DFSA may vary the discounts to reflect the conditions of a particular market or institution.

A9.4 The Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Firm’s NSFR is the amount of Available Stable Funding (ASF) relative to the amount of Required Stable Funding (RSF). The NSFR should be at least 100% at all times (see Rule 9.3.12). The NSFR is calculated under Rule 9.3.12 using the following formula:

NSFR = ASF x 100

RSF

2.

For the purposes of the NSFR Requirement, an Authorised Firm’s ASF and RSF are calibrated to reflect the presumed degree of stability of liabilities and liquidity of assets.

3.

This Appendix sets out how the ASF and RSF are to be calculated.

Available Stable Funding (ASF)

A9.4.1 (1)

An Authorised Firm must calculate its ASF by:

(a) assigning the carrying value of each liability and capital instrument to

the applicable ASF Category set out in the table;

(b) adjusting the carrying value of each liability and capital instrument by multiplying it by the applicable ASF Factor as set out in the table; and

(c)

adding together each adjusted carrying value.

401

PIB/VER50/07-25

ASF Factor

100%

95%

90%

50%

0%

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

ASF Categories and associated ASF Factors

Components of ASF Category

(a) the total amount of regulatory capital, before the application of capital deductions, excluding the proportion of Tier 2 instruments with residual maturity of less than one year;

(b) the total amount of any capital instrument not included in (a) that has an effective residual maturity of one year or more, but excluding any instruments with explicit or embedded options that, if exercised, would reduce the expected maturity to less than one year; and

(c) the total amount of secured and unsecured borrowings and liabilities (including term deposits) with effective residual maturities of one year or more. Cash flows falling below the one-year horizon but arising from liabilities with a final maturity greater than one year do not qualify for the 100% ASF Factor.



“stable” non-maturity (demand) deposits, term deposits and/or PSIAus with residual maturities of less than one year provided by retail and small business customers.



“less stable” non-maturity (demand) deposits, term deposits and/or PSIAus with residual maturities of less than one year provided by retail and small business customers.

(a) funding (secured and unsecured) with a residual maturity of less than

one year provided by non-financial corporate customers;

(b) operational deposits or operational accounts;

(c) funding with residual maturity of less than one year from sovereigns, public sector enterprises (PSEs), and multilateral and national development banks;

(d) other funding (secured and unsecured) not included in the categories above with residual maturity between six months to less than one year, including funding from Central Banks and financial institutions; and

(e) funding with residual maturity of less than one year provided by non-

financial corporate customers.

(a) all other liabilities and equity categories not included in the above categories, including other funding with residual maturity of less than six months from Central Banks and financial institutions;

(b) other liabilities without a stated maturity. This category may include short positions and open maturity positions. Two exceptions can be recognised for liabilities without a stated maturity:

402

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(i) deferred tax liabilities, which should be treated according to the nearest possible date on which such liabilities could be realised; and

(ii) minority interest, which should be treated according to the term of

the instrument, usually in perpetuity.

These liabilities would then be assigned either a 100% ASF Factor, if the effective maturity is one year or greater, or 50%, if the effective maturity is between six months and less than one year;

(c) NSFR derivative liabilities (net of NS