Section A5.4 presents the method for the calculation of Foreign Exchange Risk Capital Requirement for the purpose of Rule 5.6.1(b).

A5.4.1 An Authorised Firm which calculates its Foreign Exchange Risk Capital Requirement

in accordance with Rule 5.6.1(b) must apply the Rules in this section.

339

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

A5.4.2 An Authorised Firm must calculate its Foreign Exchange Risk Capital Requirement

by using the standard method as follows:

(a)

calculating its net open position in each currency and in gold;

(b)

calculating its overall net open position in accordance with Rule A5.4.4; and

(c)

multiplying the overall net open position by the percentage provided in Rule A5.4.5.

Measuring the net open position in a single currency

A5.4.3 An Authorised Firm must calculate its net open position in each currency, and in gold,

by summing:

(a)

the net spot position, being all asset items less all liability items, including accrued interest, denominated in the currency in question;

(b)

the net forward position, being all amounts to be received less all amounts to be paid under forward foreign exchange transactions, including currency futures and the principal on currency swaps not included in the spot position;

(c)

guarantees and similar instruments that are certain to be called and are likely to be irrecoverable;

(d)

net future income/expenses not yet accrued but already fully hedged, at the discretion of the Authorised Firm; and

(e)

any other item representing a profit or loss in Foreign Currencies.

Measuring the overall net open position

A5.4.4 (1)

An Authorised firm must convert the net position in each Foreign Currency and in gold at spot rates into the reporting currency.

(2)

The overall net open position is measured by aggregating:

(a)

the sum of the net short positions or the sum of the net long positions, whichever is the greater; plus

(b)

the net position (short or long) in gold, regardless of sign.

A5.4.5 The Foreign Exchange Risk Capital Charge is 8% of the overall net open position.

Guidance

1.

An example of how to calculate the overall net open position is as follows:

YEN

EURO

GB

Saudi Riyal

$

Gold

+50

+100

+150

20

180

35

TOTAL +300

TOTAL -200

TOTAL 35

340

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

2.

The Foreign Exchange Risk Capital Charge would be 8% of the higher of either the net long currency positions or the net short currency positions (i.e. 300) plus the net position in gold (35) = 335 x 8%=26.8.

3.

Forward currency and gold positions will normally be valued at current spot market exchange rates. Using forward exchange rates would be inappropriate since it would result in the measured positions reflecting to some extent current interest rate differentials. However, an Authorised Firm which bases its normal management accounting on net present values is expected to use the net present values of each position, discounted using current interest rates and valued at current spot rates, for measuring its forward currency and gold positions.

Treatment of accrued interest and expenses, forwards, and structural positions

A5.4.6 (1)

An Authorised Firm must include interest accrued and accrued expenses as a position.

(2)

If an Authorised Firm includes future income/expenses it must do so on a consistent basis and not include only those expected future flows that reduce its position.

(3)

An Authorised Firm may exclude any positions which it has deliberately taken in order to hedge partially or totally against the adverse effect of the exchange rate on its Capital Resources, from the calculation of net open currency positions, if each of the following conditions is met:

(a)

the positions are of a structure that is of a non-dealing nature;

(b)

the Authorised Firm has notified the DFSA in writing of its intention to rely upon this Rule; and

(c)

any exclusion of the position