a.

the model must capture accurately reflect, on a continuous basis, all material price risks, including General Market Risks and, where approval has been granted in relation to Specific Risk, Specific Risks arising on the underlying portfolio, and should ensure that sufficient risk factors are properly specified; and

b.

the model should capture a sufficient number of risk factors, depending on the level of activity of the Authorised Firm in the respective markets. The risk factors in the model should be sufficient to capture the risks inherent in the Authorised Firm’s portfolio of on and off-balance sheet trading positions. The Authorised Firm should at least incorporate those risk factors in its model that are incorporated into its pricing model. The risk- measurement model should capture nonlinearities for options and other products as well as correlation risk and basis risk. Where proxies for risk factors are used they should show a good track record for the actual position held. Although an Authorised Firm will have some discretion in specifying the risk factors for its internal models, the DFSA expects that such models will meet the criteria specified in the following paragraphs.

5.

Any internal model used to calculate Capital Requirements for position risk, foreign exchange risk or commodities risk should meet all of the following requirements:

a.

the model should incorporate a set of risk factors corresponding to the interest rates in each currency in which the Authorised Firm has interest rate sensitive on or off balance sheet positions. The Authorised Firm should model the yield curves using one of a number of generally accepted approaches, for example, by estimating forward rates of zero-coupon yields. For material Exposures to interest-rate risk in the major currencies

358

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

and markets, the yield curve should be divided into a minimum of six maturity segments, to capture the variations of volatility of rates along the yield curve. The model should also capture the risk of less than perfectly correlated movements between different yield curves. The risk measurement system should incorporate separate risk factors to capture spread risk, for example, between bonds and swaps;

b.

the model should incorporate risk factors corresponding to gold and to the individual foreign currencies in which the Authorised Firm's positions are denominated. For Collective Investment Funds the actual foreign exchange positions of the Fund should be taken into account. Authorised Firms may rely on third party reporting of the foreign exchange position of the Fund, where the correctness of this report is adequately ensured. If an Authorised Firm is not aware of the foreign exchange positions of a Fund, this position should be carved out of the model and treated separately;

c.

the model should use a separate risk factor at least for each of the equity markets in which the Authorised Firm holds significant positions. At a minimum, this will include a risk factor that is designed to capture market-wide movements in equity prices, for example, a market index. Positions in individual securities or in sector indices could be expressed in “beta-equivalents” relative to this market-wide index. A relatively more-detailed approach would be to have risk factors corresponding to various sectors of the overall equity market, for instance, industry sectors or cyclical and non-cyclical sectors. The most extensive approach would be to have risk factors corresponding to the volatility of individual equity issues;

d.

the model should use a separate risk factor at least for each commodity in which the Authorised Firm holds significant positions. The model must also capture the risk of less than perfectly correlated movements between similar, but not identical, commodities and the Exposure to changes in forward prices arising from maturity mismatches. It should also take account of market characteristics, notably delivery dates and the scope provided to traders to close out positions; For more actively traded portfolios, the model should also take account of variation in the “convenience yield” between derivative positions such as forwards and swaps and cash positions in the commodity; and

e.

the Authorised Firm's internal model should conservatively assess the risk arising from less liquid positions and positions with limited price transparency under realistic market scenarios. In addition, the internal model should meet minimum data standards. Proxies should be appropriately conservative and should be used only where available data is insufficient or is not reflective of the true volatility of a position or portfolio.

6.

Authorised Firms may, in any internal model used for purposes of chapter 5, use empirical correlations within risk categories and across