 so on a consistent basis and not include only those expected future flows that reduce its position.

(3)

An Authorised Firm may exclude any positions which it has deliberately taken in order to hedge partially or totally against the adverse effect of the exchange rate on its Capital Resources, from the calculation of net open currency positions, if each of the following conditions is met:

(a)

the positions are of a structure that is of a non-dealing nature;

(b)

the Authorised Firm has notified the DFSA in writing of its intention to rely upon this Rule; and

(c)

any exclusion of the position must be applied consistently, with the treatment of the hedge remaining the same for the life of the assets or other items.

(4)

An Authorised Firm need not include positions related to:

(a)

items which are deducted from its capital when calculating its Capital Resources, including investments in non-consolidated subsidiaries; or

(b) other long-term participations denominated in Foreign Currencies

which are reported in the published accounts at historic cost.

A5.5 Commodities Risk Capital Requirement

Guidance

Section A5.5 presents the method for the calculation of Commodities Risk Capital Requirement for the purpose of Rule 5.7.1(b).

A5.5.1 An Authorised Firm which calculates its Commodities Risk Capital Requirements in

accordance with Rule 5.7.1(b) must apply the Rules in this section.

341

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Calculation of Commodities Risk Capital Requirement

A5.5.2 (1)

An Authorised Firm must calculate its Commodities Risk Capital Requirement by applying the Maturity Ladder approach in Rule A5.5.5 or the Simplified Approach in Rule A5.5.6 to all Non-Trading and Trading Book:

(a)

commodity positions;

(b)

commodity derivatives and off-balance sheet positions that are affected by changes in commodity prices, having derived notional commodity positions; and

(c)

other positions against which no other Market or Credit Risk Capital Requirement has been applied.

(2)

An Authorised Firm must determine notional commodity positions by converting the commodity derivatives into notional underlying commodity positions and assigning appropriate maturities in accordance with Rule A5.5.3.

Treatment of Commodity derivatives

A5.5.3 An Authorised Firm must:

(a)

individual incorporate all commodities in the measurement system as notional amounts and assigned a maturity with reference to the expiry date;

futures and

forward contracts relating

to

(b)

incorporate commodity swaps where one leg is a fixed price and the other the current market price as a series of positions equal to the notional amount of the contract, with one position corresponding to each payment on the swap and slotted into the Maturity Ladder accordingly. The positions will be long positions if the Authorised Firm is paying fixed and receiving floating, and short positions if the Authorised Firm is receiving fixed and paying floating; and

(c)

incorporate commodity swaps where the legs are in different commodities in the relevant Maturity Ladder. No offsetting will be allowed in this regard except where the commodities belong to the same sub-category.

A5.5.4

(1)

Subject to (2), an Authorised Firm must not net positions in different commodities for the purpose of calculating open positions.

(2)

An Authorised Firm may net positions in different commodities where those commodities:

(a) are deliverable against each other; and

(b) are in one or more sub-categories of the same category;

Guidance

1.

For the purposes of Rule A5.5.4, an example of a category is oil. An example of a sub-category is Brent.

342

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

2.

For the Simplified Approach and the Maturity Ladder approach, long and short positions in each commodity may be reported on a net basis for the purposes of calculating open positions.

Maturity ladder approach

A5.5.5 (1)

An Authorised Firm which uses the Maturity Ladder approach to calculate the Commodities Risk Capital Requirement must:

(a) express each commodity position (