 are subject to the 50% ASF Factor set out in the table in Rule A9.4.1; and

(e) all other non-HQLA not included in the above categories that have a

residual maturity of less than one year, including loans to non-financial

405

PIB/VER50/07-25

65%

85%

100%

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

corporate clients, loans to retail customers (i.e. natural persons) and small business customers, and loans to sovereigns and PSEs.

(a) unencumbered residential mortgages with a residual maturity of one year or more that would qualify for a 50% or lower risk weight under section 4.12 (Risk Weights); and

(b) other unencumbered loans not included in the above categories,

excluding loans to financial institutions, with a residual maturity of one year or more that would qualify for a 50% or lower risk weight under section 4.12 (Risk Weights).

(a) cash, securities or other assets posted as initial margin for derivative contracts or Shari’a compliant hedging contracts and cash or other assets provided to contribute to the default fund of a Central Counterparty (CCP). Where securities or other assets posted as initial margin for derivative contracts would otherwise receive a higher RSF Factor, they should retain that higher factor;

(b) other unencumbered performing loans that do not qualify for the 50% or lower risk weight under section 4.12 and have residual maturities of one year or more, excluding loans to financial institutions;

(c) unencumbered securities with a remaining maturity of one year or more and exchange-traded equities, that are not in default and do not qualify as HQLA; and

(d) physical traded commodities, including gold.

(a) all assets that are encumbered for a period of one year or more;

(b) NSFR derivative assets (net of NSFR derivative liabilities) if NSFR derivative assets are greater than NSFR derivative liabilities;

(c) NSFR Shari’a compliant hedging assets net of NSFR Shari’a compliant hedging liabilities if NSFR Shari’a compliant hedging assets are greater than NSFR Shari’a compliant hedging liabilities;

(d) all other assets not included in the above categories, including non-

performing loans, loans to financial institutions with a residual maturity of one year or more, non-exchange-traded equities, fixed assets, items deducted from regulatory capital, retained interest, insurance assets, subsidiary interests and defaulted securities;

(e) 20% of derivative liabilities (i.e. negative replacement cost amounts),

before deducting variation margin posted; and

(f) 20% of Shari’a compliant hedging liabilities.

406

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Table 2 - OBS-RSF Factors and Categories

OBS-RSF Factor

Components of OBS-RSF Category

3%

Trade finance related obligations (including guarantees and letters of credit).

5%

(a) irrevocable and conditionally revocable credit and liquidity facilities to

any client; and

(b) unconditionally revocable credit and liquidity facilities.

10%

(a) the following non-contractual obligations:

(i) structured products where customers anticipate ready

marketability, such as adjustable rate notes and variable rate notes; and

(ii) managed funds that are marketed with the objective of

maintaining a stable value; and

(b) guarantees and letters of credit unrelated to trade finance obligations.

100%

The following non-contractual obligations:

(a) potential requests for debt repurchases of the bank’s own debt or that of related conduits, securities investment vehicles and other such financing facilities; and

(b) other non-contractual obligations not mentioned above.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Firm’s RSF represents the liquidity risk profile of its assets and OBS Exposures (or potential liquidity Exposures).

2. When determining its RSF, an Authorised Firm should:

a.

include financial instruments, foreign currencies and commodities for which a purchase order has been executed; and

b. exclude financial instruments, foreign currencies and commodities for which a sales order has been executed