 with a residual maturity of more than 6 months, the strike price should be compared with the forward, and not current, price. Where an Authorised Firm is unable to do this, the in- the-money amount would be zero.

2.

An Authorised Firm which trades in exotic options (e.g. barriers, digitals) would use either the scenario approach or the Internal Models Approach (IMA) to calculate its Market Risk Capital Requirement for such options, unless it is able to demonstrate to the DFSA that the Delta-plus method is appropriate. In the case of options on futures or forwards, the relevant underlying is that on which the future or forward is based (e.g. for a bought call option on a June 3-month bill future, the relevant underlying is the 3-month bill).

A5.6.10 An Authorised Firms must calculate its Capital Requirement for Vega risk by:

348

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(a)

multiplying the sum of the Vegas for all option positions in respect of the same underlying financial instrument or commodity, as defined in the Rule 5.6.8(c), by a proportional shift in volatility of ±25%; and

(b)

aggregating the absolute value of the individual Capital Requirements which have been calculated for Vega risk.

A5.7 Collective Investment Fund Risk Capital Requirement

Guidance

This section presents the method for the calculation of Collective Investment Fund Risk Capital Requirement for the purpose of Rule 5.9.1(b).

A5.7.1 An Authorised Firm which calculates its Collective Investment Fund Risk Capital Requirement in accordance with Rule 5.9.1(b) must apply the Rules in this section.

A5.7.2 An Authorised Firm must calculate its Collective Investment Fund Risk Capital

Requirement by:

(a)

identifying all applicable positions in Funds within the scope of the requirement, including notional positions derived from certain instruments;

(b)

identifying the positions in Funds which will be subject to the risk Capital Requirements specified under this section;

(c)

converting on a daily basis net positions in every Fund to the Authorised Firm’s base currency at the prevailing spot foreign exchange rate;

(d)

calculating a Collective Investment Fund Risk Capital Requirement for each individual position in a Fund; and

(e)

summing the resultant Capital Requirements calculated in (d).

A5.7.3 (1)

For the purposes of Rule A5.7.2, an Authorised Firm must calculate its Collective Investment Fund Risk Capital Requirement for all Trading Book positions in Funds, unless they are covered under one of the Fund look through methods and included in the risk Capital Requirement calculations for the relevant underlying Investments or subject to an Option Risk Capital Requirement.

(2)

An Authorised Firm must also calculate its Collective Investment Fund Risk Capital Requirement for notional positions arising from Trading Book positions in options or warrants on Funds.

Calculation of the Collective Investment Fund Risk Capital Requirement

Guidance

There are two main approaches for calculating the Collective Investment Fund Risk Capital Requirement. The first approach involves directly calculating a risk Capital Requirement for any position in any Fund. The second approach involves using a look-though method which involves calculating the risk Capital Requirements for the positions or Exposures in underlying assets or investments of the Fund, using the relevant or applicable risk Capital Requirement calculation methods. As the name suggests, a look-through method involves looking through the Fund to identify the

349

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

underlying positions and trying to calculate the capital required to address the risk of loss arising from volatility in market prices of such underlying positions.

A5.7.4 Without prejudice to other provisions in this section, a position in a Fund is subject to a Collective Investment Fund risk capital charge (General Market Risk and Specific Risk) of 32%, subject to Rules A5.7.5 and A5.7.6.

Look through methods

A5.7.5 An Authorised Firm may determine the Collective Investment Fund Risk Capital Requirement for positions in Funds, using the standard Collective Investment Fund look-through method, provided the relevant positions meet the criteria set out in Rule A5.7.6.

A5.7.6 An