 yield” between derivative positions such as forwards and swaps and cash positions in the commodity; and

e.

the Authorised Firm's internal model should conservatively assess the risk arising from less liquid positions and positions with limited price transparency under realistic market scenarios. In addition, the internal model should meet minimum data standards. Proxies should be appropriately conservative and should be used only where available data is insufficient or is not reflective of the true volatility of a position or portfolio.

6.

Authorised Firms may, in any internal model used for purposes of chapter 5, use empirical correlations within risk categories and across risk categories only if the Authorised Firm's approach for measuring correlations is sound and implemented with integrity.

Quantitative standards

7.

The DFSA will usually only approve an internal Value-at-Risk (VaR) model or its use when the VaR model meets the following quantitative criteria:

a.

VaR should be computed at least on a daily basis;

b.

in calculating the value-at-risk, a 99th percentile, one-tailed confidence interval is to be used;

c.

in calculating VaR, an instantaneous price shock equivalent to a 10 day movement in prices is to be used, i.e., the minimum "holding period" will be 10 trading days;

d.

an effective historical observation period of at least one year except where a shorter observation period is justified by a significant upsurge in price volatility; and

359

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

e.

its data set is updated by the Authorised Firm no less frequently than once every month and is reassessed whenever market prices are subject to material changes.

8.

An Authorised Firm may use VaR numbers calculated according to shorter holding periods than 10 days scaled up to 10 days by an appropriate methodology that is reviewed periodically.

Qualitative standards

9.

In addition to 7 and 8:

a.

no particular type of model is prescribed. So long as each model used captures all the material risks run by the Authorised Firm, the Authorised Firm will be free to use models based, for example, on variance-covariance matrices, historical simulations, or Monte Carlo simulations;

b.

an Authorised Firm will have discretion to recognise empirical correlations within broad risk categories, for example, interest rates, exchange rates, equity prices and commodity prices, including related options volatilities in each risk factor category;

c.

an Authorised Firm's models should accurately capture the unique risks associated with options within each of the broad risk categories; and

d.

an Authorised Firm should calculate, on a daily basis, its Market Risk Capital Requirement or any component for which an internal model is used, expressed as the higher of (a) its previous day's VaR number measured according to the parameters specified in this section and (b) an average of the daily VaR measures on each of the preceding sixty business days, multiplied by a multiplication factor.

10.

The DFSA will usually set a multiplication factor of 3 that must be used by the Authorised Firm where all the qualitative and quantitative criteria are satisfied. This will be imposed as a condition on the approval and may be varied by the DFSA should circumstances require.

11.

In addition to the calculation of VaR, an Authorised Firm using internal VaR models, an Authorised Firm should at least on a weekly basis, calculate a ‘Stressed VaR' of the current portfolio, in accordance with the requirements set out in Guidance note 7, with VaR model inputs calibrated to historical data from a continuous 12-month period of significant financial stress relevant to the Authorised Firm's portfolio. The choice of such historical data should be subject to at least annual review by the Authorised Firm, which should notify the outcome to the DFSA.

12. An Authorised Firm using an internal model should calculate Capital Requirement for the relevant risk categories, as the sum of points (a) and (b):

a.

the higher of:

i.

its previous day's VaR number calculated in accordance with Guidance note 7 of this guidance under A5.9.1; or

ii.

an average of the daily value-at-risk numbers calculated in accordance with Guidance note 7 of A5.9.1, on each of the preceding sixty business days (VaRavg), multiplied