 should produce and analyse daily reports on the output of any internal model used for calculating Capital Requirements for position risk, foreign exchange risk and commodities risk, and on the appropriate measures to be taken in terms of trading limits;

c.

the Authorised Firm's management body and senior management should be actively involved in the risk control process and the daily reports produced by the risk control unit are reviewed by a level of management with sufficient authority to enforce both reductions of positions taken by individual traders as well as in the Authorised Firm's overall risk Exposure;

d.

the Authorised Firm should have sufficient numbers of staff skilled in the use of sophisticated internal models, and including the ones used for purposes of chapter 5, in the trading, risk-control, audit and back-office areas;

e.

the Authorised Firm should have established procedures for monitoring and ensuring compliance with a documented set of internal policies and controls concerning the overall operation of its internal models, and including the ones used for purposes of chapter 5;

f.

any internal model used for purposes of chapter 5 should have a proven track record of reasonable accuracy in measuring risks;

g.

the Authorised Firm should frequently conduct a rigorous programme of stress testing, including reverse stress tests, which encompasses any internal model used for purposes of chapter 5 and the results of these stress tests should be reviewed by senior management and reflected in the policies and limits it sets. This process should particularly address illiquidity of markets in stressed market conditions, Concentration Risk, one way markets, event and jump-to-default risks, non-linearity of products, deep out-of-the- money positions, positions subject to the gapping of prices and other risks that may not be captured appropriately in the internal models. The shocks applied should reflect the nature of the portfolios and the time it could take to hedge out or manage risks under severe market conditions; and

h.

the Authorised Firm should conduct, as part of its regular internal auditing process, an independent review of its internal models, and including the ones used for purposes of chapter 5.

357

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

2.

The review referred to in (h) of Guidance note 1 above, should include the activities both of the business trading units and of the independent risk-control unit. At least once a year, the Authorised Firm should conduct a review of its overall risk management process. The review should consider the following:

a.

the adequacy of the documentation of the risk-management system and process and the organisation of the risk-control unit;

b.

the integration of risk measures into daily risk management and the integrity of the management information system;

c.

the process the Authorised Firm employs for approving risk-pricing models and valuation systems that are used by front and back-office personnel;

d.

the scope of risks captured by the risk-measurement model and the validation of any significant changes in the risk-measurement process;

e.

the accuracy and completeness of position data, the accuracy and appropriateness of volatility and correlation assumptions, and the accuracy of valuation and risk sensitivity calculations;

f.

the verification process the Authorised Firm employs to evaluate the consistency, timeliness and reliability of data sources used to run internal models, including the independence of such data sources; and

g.

the verification process the Authorised Firm uses to evaluate back-testing that is conducted to assess the models' accuracy.

3.

As techniques and best practices evolve, Authorised Firms should apply those new techniques and practices in any internal model used for purposes of chapter 5.

Specification of Market Risk factors

4.

Any internal model used to calculate Capital Requirements for equity position risk, interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, commodities risk and any internal model for correlation trading should meet all of the following requirements:

a.

the model must capture accurately reflect, on a continuous basis, all material price risks, including General Market Risks and, where approval has been granted in relation to Specific Risk, Specific Risks arising on the underlying portfolio, and should ensure that sufficient risk factors are properly specified; and

b.

the model should capture a sufficient number of risk factors, depending on the level of activity of the Authorised Firm in the respective markets. The risk factors in the model should be sufficient to capture the risks inherent in the Authorised Firm’s portfolio of on and off-balance sheet trading positions. The