where:

KSA =

the capital charge under the Standardised Approach

GI1-8 = annual gross income in a given year, as defined above in the Basic Indicator

Approach, for each of the eight business lines

B1-8 =

a fixed percentage set out in Rule A6.2.3.

A6.2.3 An Authorised Firm which uses the Standardised Approach must calculate its

Operational Risk Capital Requirement using the following beta values:

Business Line

Beta Factor

Corporate finance

18%

Trading and sales

18%

Retail banking

12%

Commercial banking

15%

Payment and settlement

18%

Agency services

15%

Asset management

12%

Retail brokerage

12%

Guidance

The gross income is measured for each business line, not the whole institution, i.e. in corporate finance, the indicator is the gross income generated in the corporate finance business line.

377

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

A6.3 Alternative Standardised Approach

A6.3.1 An Authorised Firm which uses the Alternative Standardised Approach must calculate its Operational Risk Capital Requirement in accordance with the Standardised Approach in section A6.2 as modified by replacing annual gross income for its retail banking and commercial banking business lines with loans and advances multiplied by a fixed factor ‘m’.

A6.3.2 Subject to Rule A6.3.4, an Authorised Firm which uses the Alternative Standardised Approach must calculate its Operational Risk Capital Requirement for its retail banking business line according to the following formula:

KRB = BRB x m x LARB

Where:

KRB =

the Capital Requirement for the retail banking business line

BRB =

the beta for the retail banking business line

LARB =

total outstanding retail loans and advances (non-risk weighted and gross of provisions), averaged over the past three years

m =

0.035

A6.3.3 Subject to Rule A6.3.4, an Authorised Firm which uses the Alternative Standardised Approach must calculate its Operational Risk Capital Requirement for its commercial banking business line according to the following formula:

KCB =BCB x m x LACB

Where:

KCB =

the Capital Requirement for the commercial banking business line

BCB =

the beta for the commercial banking business line

LACB =

total outstanding commercial banking loans and advances (non-risk weighted and gross of provisions), averaged over the past three years

m =

0.035

A6.3.4 An Authorised Firm may, in calculating its Operational Risk Capital Requirement

under Rule A6.3.1:

(a)

aggregate retail and commercial banking using a single beta of 15%; or

(b)

if it is unable to disaggregate gross income in its six other business lines, aggregate the total gross income for these six business lines using a beta of 18%, with negative gross income treated as described in the Standardised Approach.

378

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Guidance

1.

For the purposes of the Alternative Standardised Approach, total loans and advances in the retail banking business line consist of the total drawn amounts in the following credit portfolios: retail, SMEs treated as retail, and purchased retail receivables.

2.

For commercial banking, total loans and advances consist of the drawn amounts in the following credit portfolios: corporate, sovereign, bank, specialised lending, SMEs treated as corporate and purchased corporate receivables. The book value of securities held in the Non-Trading Book should also be included.

3.

The three year average should be calculated on the basis of the last three yearly observations at the end of the Authorised Firm’s financial year. When audited figures are not available, business estimates may be used.

4.

If an Authorised Firm does not have sufficient income data to meet the three year requirement (e.g. a start-up) it may use its forecasted gross income projections for all or part of the three year time period.

5.

In accordance with Rule 6.11.3 of PIB, an Authorised Firm seeking to apply the Standardised Approach or the Alternative Standardised Approach must develop specific policies and have documented criteria for mapping gross income for