 the

Counterparty; or

(ii) an index credit default swap.

General provisions

A5.10.2 An Authorised Firm must calculate its Credit Valuation Adjustment Risk Capital Requirement for its entire portfolio of Covered Transactions and Eligible CVA Hedges by using the following approaches:

(a)

the basic approach for credit valuation adjustment risk (BA-CVA) under Rules A5.10.4 to A5.10.12; or

367

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

(b)

the alternative approach under Rule A5.10.14, provided that the Authorised Firm meets the conditions set out in Rule A5.10.13.

Guidance

1.

The BA-CVA calculations may be performed either via the reduced version or the full version. An Authorised Firm can choose whether to implement the full version or the reduced version at its discretion. However, all Authorised Firms must calculate the reduced version as the reduced version is also part of the full version as a conservative means to limit hedging recognition.

2.

The Credit Valuation Adjustment Risk Capital Requirement is calculated for an Authorised Firm’s CVA portfolio on a standalone basis. The CVA portfolio includes CVA for an Authorised Firm’s entire portfolio of covered transactions and Eligible CVA Hedges.

A5.10.3 An Authorised Firm must:

(a)

exclude positions in hedging instruments entered into with third parties that are Eligible CVA Hedges from the calculation of its Market Risk Capital Requirement under Rule 5.3.1; and

(b)

include positions in hedging instruments entered into with third parties that are not Eligible CVA Hedges in the calculation of its Market Risk Capital Requirement under Rule 5.3.1.

Guidance

1.

Eligible CVA Hedges can be external (i.e. with an external Counterparty) or internal (i.e. with one of the Authorised firm’s trading desks). All external CVA hedges (eligible and ineligible) that are Covered Transactions must be included in the CVA calculation of the Counterparty providing the hedge.

2.

An internal CVA Hedge involves two perfectly offsetting positions: one of the Authorised Firm’s CVA desk and the opposite position of the trading desk:

a.

If an internal CVA hedge is not an Eligible CVA Hedge, then both positions belong to the Trading Book where they cancel each other, so there is no impact on either the CVA portfolio or the trading book.

b.

If an internal CVA hedge is an Eligible CVA Hedge, then the CVA desk’s position is part of the CVA portfolio where it is capitalised as set out in this section, while the trading desk’s position is part of the trading book where it is capitalised as set out in Rule 5.3.1.

Reduced version of BA-CVA (hedges are not recognised)

A5.10.4 If an Authorised Firm does not use any Eligible CVA Hedges to hedge CVA Risk it must calculate its Credit Valuation Adjustment Risk Capital Requirement, using the following formula:

DSBA−CVA · Kreduced

where:

DSBA−CVA = 0.65, the discount scalar

Kreduced is calculated in accordance with the following formula:

368

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

2

Kreduced = √(ρ ∙∑SCVAC

)

2 + (1 − ρ2) ∙∑SCVA𝐶

C

C

where:

SCVAC =

for the Credit Valuation Adjustment Risk Capital Requirement Counterparty ‘C’ on a standalone basis, calculated in accordance with Rule A.5.10.5

ρ =

50%, the supervisory correlation parameter

C =

the index that denotes all counterparties for which the firm uses BA-CVA to calculate its Credit Valuation Adjustment Risk Capital Requirement

A5.10.5 For the purposes of Rule A5.10.4, an Authorised Firm must calculate SCVAC, using

the following formula:

SCVAC =

1 α

RWC ∙ ∑MNS