, which should notify the outcome to the DFSA.

12. An Authorised Firm using an internal model should calculate Capital Requirement for the relevant risk categories, as the sum of points (a) and (b):

a.

the higher of:

i.

its previous day's VaR number calculated in accordance with Guidance note 7 of this guidance under A5.9.1; or

ii.

an average of the daily value-at-risk numbers calculated in accordance with Guidance note 7 of A5.9.1, on each of the preceding sixty business days (VaRavg), multiplied by the multiplication factor referred in Guidance note 8 of A5.9.1; plus

b.

the higher of:

i.

its latest available stressed-value-at-risk number calculated in accordance with Guidance note 9 of A5.9.1 (sVaRt-1); or

ii.

an average of the stressed VaR numbers calculated in accordance with Guidance note 9 of A5.9.1 during the preceding sixty business days (sVaRavg), multiplied by the multiplication factor (ms) according to Guidance note 10.

360

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Regulatory back-testing and multiplication factors

13.

The results of the Stressed VaR calculations referred to in Guidance note 11 of A5.9.1 should be scaled up by the multiplication factors given below.

14.

The multiplication factor referred above is defined as the sum of 3 and an addend between 0 and 1 in accordance with 1. That addend should depend on the number of violations for the most recent 250 business days as evidenced by the Authorised Firm’s back-testing of the VaR as set out in Guidance note 7 above.

Number of violations

addend

Fewer than 5

0.00

5

0.40

6

0.50

7

0.65

8

0.75

9

0.85

10 or more

1.00

15. An Authorised Firm should count daily violations on the basis of back-testing on hypothetical and actual changes in the portfolio's value. A violation for this purpose is defined as a one-day change in the portfolio's value that exceeds the related one-day VaR number generated by the Authorised Firm's model. For the purpose of determining the addend the number of violations should be assessed at least on a quarterly basis and should be equal to the higher of the number of violations under hypothetical and actual changes in the value of the portfolio. 16.

15. An Authorised Firm should count daily violations on the basis of back-testing on hypothetical and actual changes in the portfolio's value. A violation for this purpose is defined as a one-day change in the portfolio's value that exceeds the related one-day VaR number generated by the Authorised Firm's model. For the purpose of determining the addend the number of violations should be assessed at least on a quarterly basis and should be equal to the higher of the number of violations under hypothetical and actual changes in the value of the portfolio. Back-testing on hypothetical changes in the portfolio's value should be based on a comparison between the portfolio's end-of-day value and, assuming unchanged positions, its value at the end of the subsequent day. Back-testing on actual changes in the portfolio's value should be based on a comparison between the portfolio's end-of-day value and its actual value at the end of the subsequent day excluding fees, commissions, and net interest income.

17.

The DFSA may in individual cases limit the addend to that resulting from violations under hypothetical changes, where the number of violations under actual changes does not result from deficiencies in the internal model.

In order to enable the DFSA to monitor the appropriateness of the multiplication factors on an ongoing basis, the Authorised Firm should notify promptly, and in any case no later than within five working days, any violations that result from its back-testing programme.

Internal Validation

19. Authorised Firms should have processes in place to ensure that all their internal models used for purposes of chapter 5 have been adequately validated by suitably qualified parties independent of the development process to ensure that they are conceptually sound and adequately capture all material risks. The validation should be conducted when the internal model is