 the firm’s IRAP is based on this Guidance, it may enable the DFSA more easily to review the IRAP as part of its SREP. However, the DFSA may decide to rely on an IRAP that is not consistent with the elements of this Guidance, owing to specific reasons and/or circumstances which necessitate an alternative approach.

Guidance on risks to be covered as part of the IRAP

11. An Authorised Firm should consider the following risks, where relevant, in its IRAP:

a.

Credit Risk, including Large Exposures and Concentration Risks;

b.

Market Risk;

c.

Liquidity Risk;

d.

for Islamic Financial Business involving PSIAs, displaced commercial risk;

e.

interest rate risk in the Non-Trading Book ;

f.

Operational Risk;

g.

internal controls and systems; and

h.

reputational risk.

12.

This Guidance is merely an indicative list of risk categories, which does not preclude an Authorised Firm from assessing other risks that it considers significant (for example, securitisation risks and residual risks). Likewise, certain categories of risks might not be relevant to all Authorised Firms completing the IRAP. In this case, the IRAP should clearly indicate why the risk is considered minimal or not relevant. The IRAP should also consider all risks arising from any non-regulated activities of the Authorised Firm, if they are seen as material to the risk profile of the firm.

A10.2 ICAAP

Guidance

Application

1.

This Guidance is relevant to an Authorised Firm to whom section 10.4 applies (that is, a firm in Category 1, 2 or 5) in regard to an Internal Risk Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (referred to in this Guidance as an ICAAP).

410

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Purpose and process of the ICAAP

2.

The ICAAP is an internal process of an Authorised Firm which enables it to determine and maintain the amount and quality of capital that is adequate in relation to the Authorised Firm’s risk profile as assessed in the IRAP. Authorised Firms are encouraged to maintain capital over and above the regulatory minimum capital. The ICAAP, in conjunction with the IRAP, should be embedded in the Authorised Firm’s business and organisational processes.

3. When assessing its capital needs, an Authorised Firm should take into account the impact of economic cycles, and sensitivity to other external risks and factors. For larger or more complex institutions, this may mean developing an appropriate stress testing and scenario testing framework. The DFSA does not prescribe any specific approach for the ICAAP and, consequently, an Authorised Firm can choose to implement an ICAAP which is proportionate to the nature, size and complexity of the business activities.

5.

In completing an ICAAP, an Authorised Firm should:

a.

estimate the amount of capital required to absorb potential losses, if any, for the significant risks identified in the IRAP (particularly risks which lead to financial losses);

b.

perform reasonable and proportionate sensitivity tests to analyse the impact of variation in the risk parameters of significant risks identified in the IRAP on the profitability and the capital position of the Authorised Firm;

c.

estimate, using the range and distribution of possible losses estimated from historical data, the level of capital required reasonably to cover likely losses;

d.

estimate the Capital Resources required to address potential variation in the Authorised Firm’s Capital Requirement arising from planned growth in business levels or any significant deviation in growth from plans; and

e.

document the ranges of capital required for each of the factors identified above and enable the Governing Body and the senior management to form an overall view on the amount and quality of capital which that Authorised Firm should hold.

6.

The DFSA does not require an Authorised Firm to implement ICAAP through sophisticated models and the DFSA has no prescribed approach for developing an internal capital model for the firm’s ICAAP assessment. However, an Authorised Firm should be able to demonstrate:

a.

the confidence levels set and whether these are linked to its corporate strategy;

b.

the time horizons set for the different types of business that it undertakes;

c.

the extent of historic data used