 of 3 or better as set out in chapter 4,

6

Unrated

Any

Any

12.00%

8.00%

which is denominated in the domestic currency and funded in the same currency must be assigned a 0% Specific Risk charge.

The DFSA may, at its discretion, assign a higher risk charge other than the above to Securities issued by certain governments, especially in cases where the Securities are denominated in a currency other than that of the issuing government.

Qualifying Debt

6 months or less

0.25%

This category includes – (a) (b)

any Security that is issued by an MDB;

any Security (including one issued by a PSE) which has a Credit Quality Grade of 3 or better as set out in chapter 4; and

More than 6 and up to 24 months

More than 24 months

1.00%

1.60%

(c) any unrated Security issued by a PSE which belongs to a country with a Credit Quality Grade of 1 as set out in chapter 4.

Other

For securities which have a high yield to redemption relative to government debt securities issued in the same country, the DFSA will require the Authorised Firm:

4

Any

8% or such other percentage as the DFSA may direct.

(a) to apply a higher Specific Risk charge to such

instruments; or

(b) to disallow offsetting for the purpose of defining the extent of General Market Risk between such instruments and any other debt instruments.

5 or 6

Any

12% or such other percentage as the DFSA may direct.

Unrated

Any

8% or such other percentage as the DFSA may direct.

Guidance

1.

Offsetting is not permitted since differences in coupon rates, liquidity, and call features, for example, signify that prices may diverge in the short run.

326

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

2.

The “Other” category will receive the same Specific Risk requirement as a private-sector borrower under the CRCOM, 8%. However, since this may, in certain cases, considerably underestimate the Specific Risk for debt Securities which have a high yield to redemption relative to government debt Securities, the DFSA has the right to apply to such Securities a Specific Risk percentage higher than 8%.

A5.2.14 [Not currently in use]

General Market Risk

A5.2.15 (1)

An Authorised Firm must calculate its General Market Risk on a currency by currency basis, irrespective of where the individual instruments are physically traded or listed. The calculations for each currency must then be added together to determine the amount of the Authorised Firm’s General Market Risk requirement.

(2)

An Authorised Firm must calculate its General Market Risk requirement

for each currency by applying either:

(a)

the simplified framework set out in Rule A5.2.16;

(b)

the Maturity Method set out in Rule A5.2.17; or

(c) with the consent of the DFSA, the Duration Method set out in Rule

A5.2.19.

Simplified Framework

A5.2.16 In applying the simplified framework, an Authorised Firm must calculate its General

Market Risk requirement for each currency by taking the following steps:

(a)

allocating the individual net positions to one of the time bands in the table below, as follows:

(i)

fixed-rate instruments are allotted their time bands based upon the residual time to maturity; and

(ii)

floating-rate instruments are allocated to time bands based upon the time remaining to the re-determination of the coupon;

(b)

adding the market values of the individual net positions within each band irrespective of whether they are long or short positions to produce a gross position figure;

(c)

multiplying the amount in (b) by the risk percentage for the relevant maturity band in the table below; and

(d)

adding the calculations in (c) to arrive at the General Market Risk requirement.

Zone

Time band

Risk percentage

327

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Coupon of 3% or more

Coupon of less than 3%

A

0 