 total amount of its Trading Book Exposures to a Person for Concentration Risk purposes.

A5.8.13 An Authorised Firm, before entering into a new Underwriting commitment, must be able to recalculate the Concentration Risk capital component to the level of detail necessary to ensure that the firm's Capital Resources Requirement does not exceed the firm's Capital Resources.

A5.8.14 An Authorised Firm must calculate the net Underwriting Exposure to an Issuer by applying the relevant reduction factors in the table below to its net Underwriting position calculated under Rule A5.8.6.

355

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

Time

Reduction factor to be applied to net underwriting position

Initial commitment to working day 0

100%

Working day 0

100%

Working day 1

90%

Working day 2

75%

Working day 3

75%

Working day 4

50%

Working day 5

25%

Working day 6 onwards

0%

Guidance

The effect of the Rule and the table above is that there is no concentration limit for net Underwriting Exposures between initial commitment and the end of working day 0.

Risk management

A5.8.15 (1)

An Authorised Firm must take reasonable steps to establish and maintain such systems and controls to monitor and manage its Underwriting and sub- underwriting business as are appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of its Underwriting and sub-underwriting business.

(2)

In particular, an Authorised Firm must have systems to monitor and control its Underwriting Exposures between the time of the initial commitment and working day one in the light of the nature of the risks incurred in the markets in question.

Guidance

An Authorised Firm should take reasonable steps to:

a.

allocate responsibility for the management of its Underwriting and sub-underwriting business;

b.

allocate adequate resources to monitor and control its Underwriting and sub-underwriting business;

c.

satisfy itself that its systems to monitor Exposure to Counterparties will calculate, revise and update its Exposure to each Counterparty arising from its Underwriting or sub-underwriting business;

d.

satisfy itself of the suitability of each person who performs functions for it in connection with the firm's Underwriting and sub-underwriting business having regard to the person's skill and experience; and

e.

satisfy itself that its procedures and controls to monitor and manage its Underwriting business address, on an on-going basis, the capacity of sub-underwriters to meet sub-underwriting commitments.

356

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

A5.9 Use of internal models for Market Risk

A5.9.1 Criteria for use of internally developed Market Risk models

Guidance

Qualitative standards

1.

Any internal model used for purposes of chapter 5 of PIB should be conceptually sound and implemented with integrity and, in particular, all of the following qualitative requirements should be met:

a.

any internal model used to calculate Capital Requirements for equity risk, interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk or commodities risk should be closely integrated into the daily risk management process set out in (b) and serve as the basis for reporting risk Exposures to senior management;

b.

the Authorised Firm should have a risk control unit that is independent from business trading units and reports directly to senior management. The unit should be responsible for designing and implementing any internal model used for purposes of chapter 5. The unit should conduct the initial and on-going validation of any internal model used for purposes of chapter 5. The unit should produce and analyse daily reports on the output of any internal model used for calculating Capital Requirements for position risk, foreign exchange risk and commodities risk, and on the appropriate measures to be taken in terms of trading limits;

c.

the Authorised Firm's management body and senior management should be actively involved in the risk control process and the daily reports produced by the risk control unit are reviewed by a level of management with sufficient authority to enforce both reductions of positions taken by individual traders as well as in the Authorised Firm's overall risk Exposure;

d.

the Authorised Firm should have sufficient numbers of staff skilled