

1.

The following Guidance sets out the DFSA’s views about how the Table to Rule A9.2.15 should be applied to different items.

Retail Deposits:

2.

Retail deposits should include deposits from individuals placed with an Authorised Firm. Deposits from legal entities, sole proprietorships or partnerships should be included in wholesale deposit categories. Deposits may include demand deposits and term deposits, unless otherwise excluded.

3.

Under COB section 4.2, an Authorised Firm can only accept deposits from individuals who are Professional Clients.

4.

Deposits from individuals are divided under the Table into ‘stable’ and ‘less stable’ deposits. Stable deposits should include the portion of deposits that are fully covered by an effective deposit insurance scheme or by a public guarantee that provides equivalent protection and where:

a.

the depositor has other established relationships with the Authorised Firm that make deposit withdrawal highly unlikely; or

b.

the deposits are in transactional accounts (e.g. accounts where salaries are automatically credited).

5.

If an Authorised Firm is not able to readily identify which retail deposits would qualify as “stable” according to paragraph 4, it should place the full amount in the “less stable” buckets.

6.

Less stable deposits should consist of the portion of deposits that do not meet the conditions in paragraph 4 and also include types of deposits more likely to be withdrawn in a time of stress. These should include high-value deposits (i.e. deposits above any deposit insurance limit), deposits from customers who do not have established relationships with an Authorised Firm that make the deposit withdrawal unlikely, deposits from sophisticated or high net worth individuals, deposits where the internet is integral to the design, marketing and use of the account (on-line accounts) and deposits with promotional interest rates (i.e. that are heavily rate-driven).

7.

Cash outflows related to retail term deposits with a residual maturity or withdrawal notice period of greater than 30 days should be excluded from total expected cash outflows only if the depositor has no legal right to withdraw deposits within the 30-day period of the LCR, or if early withdrawal results in a significant penalty that is materially greater than the loss of interest. If an Authorised Firm allows a depositor to withdraw such deposits despite a clause that says the depositor has no legal right to withdraw, the entire category of these funds should be treated as demand deposits.

Unsecured wholesale funding:

8.

Unsecured wholesale funding should consist of liabilities and general obligations raised from non-natural persons (i.e. legal entities, including sole proprietorships and partnerships) and not collateralised by legal rights to specifically designated assets owned by the Authorised Firm accepting the deposit in the case of bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or resolution. Obligations related to derivative contracts should be excluded from this category.

9.

The wholesale funding included in the LCR should consist of all funding that is callable within the LCR’s period of 30 days or that has its earliest possible contractual maturity date within this period (such as maturing term deposits and unsecured debt securities), as well as funding with an undetermined maturity. This should include all funding with options that are exercisable at the investor’s discretion within the 30-day period.

10. Wholesale funding that is callable by the funds provider subject to a contractually defined and binding notice period longer than the 30-day period should not be included.

396

PIB/VER50/07-25

PRUDENTIAL – INVESTMENT, INSURANCE INTERMEDIATION AND BANKING (PIB)

11. Unsecured wholesale funding provided by small and medium-sized enterprise customers should be treated as deposits from individuals where:

a.

the deposits and other extensions of funds made by non-financial small and medium-sized enterprise customers are managed as retail accounts and are generally considered as having similar liquidity risk characteristics to retail accounts; and

b.

the total aggregated funding raised from a small and medium-sized enterprise customer is less than USD 1 million (on a consolidated basis where applicable).

Operational deposits

12. Operational deposits should consist of those deposits where customers place, or leave, deposits with an Authorised Firm to facilitate their access and ability to use payment and settlement systems and otherwise make payments. Balances can be included only if the customer has a substantive dependency on the Authorised Firm and the deposit is required for such activities.

13. Qualifying activities in this context refer