 in Rule 8.3.6:

(a)

the accounting consolidation method which calculates the Adjusted Capital Resources of the Financial Group based on the Financial Group's consolidated financial statements; or

(b)

the aggregation method, which is the sum of:

38

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

(i)

the Adjusted Capital Resources of the Parent of the Financial Group;

(ii)

subject to (3), the Adjusted Capital Resources calculated in accordance with the PIN Module, or the Capital Resources calculated in accordance with the PIB module, as may be appropriate, of Financial Institutions included in the Financial Group; and

(iii)

subject to (3), the Financial Group's proportionate share of the Adjusted Capital Resources calculated in accordance with the PIN Module, or the Capital Resources calculated in accordance with the PIB Module, as may be appropriate, of Financial Institution participations included in the Financial Group.

(2)

In calculating the Adjusted Capital Resources of a member of the Financial Group or of the Financial Group, an Insurer must follow the method of calculation set out in section A3.2, with the exception that the deduction set out in Rule A3.4.3(b) need not be made.

(3)

For the purposes of (1)(b)(ii) and (iii) an investment by one Financial Group member in another must not be included.

Guidance

1.

The calculation of Financial Group Capital Resources is subject to section 3.5 which limits the amount of hybrid capital (including subordinated debt) that may be included in Adjusted Capital Resources.

2.

In the calculation of Capital Resources of Financial Institutions that are Financial Group members in accordance with the PIB Module, an Insurer applies to that member the deductions for illiquid assets and material holdings and Qualifying Holdings set out in the PIB Module.

3.

The deduction set out at Rule 8.3.5(3) need not be made to the extent that the investment has already been excluded in whole or part by virtue of the application of the limits described in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Guidance.

8.3.6 When calculating the Financial Group Capital Resources of a Financial Group, an Insurer must not include Capital Resources or Adjusted Capital Resources (as the case may be) of Subsidiaries or participations to the extent that those Capital Resources or Adjusted Capital Resources:

(a)

exceed the entity requirement in respect of that Subsidiary or participation, calculated in accordance with Rule 8.3.4; and

(b)

are not freely transferable within the Financial Group.

Guidance

1.

Because the Financial Group Capital Requirement set out in Rule 8.3.4 includes capital requirements in respect of Group entities, capital resources may be included in the calculation of Financial Group Capital Resources to the extent of those requirements. Capital that is surplus to those requirements is however subject to an additional condition before it may be taken into account for the purposes of Financial Group capital adequacy.

39

PIN/VER18/04-23

8.4

8.4.1

8.4.2

8.5

8.5.1

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

2.

In general, Capital Resources or Adjusted Capital Resources are considered not to be freely transferable if they are subject to a legal or constructive limitation on their transferability, whether that transfer would be made by dividend, return or capital or other form of distribution. Examples of relevant limitations might include obligations to maintain minimum capital requirements to meet domestic solvency requirements, or to comply with debt covenants.

Transactions within a group

This section applies to all Insurers in respect of all transactions that are material.

Guidance

A single transaction or series of connected transactions that constitute a sale, purchase, exchange, loan or extension of credit, investment or guarantee involving one-half of one percent (0.5%) or less of surplus as at the end of the reporting period immediately preceding the effective date of the transaction will not normally be considered material for the purposes of this section.

Transactions entered into by an Insurer with Related entities must comply with the following conditions:

(a)

the terms of the transactions must be fair and reasonable; and

(b)

the books, accounts and records of the Insurer must clearly and accurately disclose the nature and details