 the contract relates, will not normally be regarded as

19

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

material if the interest that it insures is both related and subsidiary to the principal interest or interests insured under the contract, and constitutes less than ten per cent of the Gross Written Premium under the contract.

5.3

Basic principles of recognition and measurement

5.3.1

Except where this chapter provides otherwise, the assets and liabilities of an Insurer must be recognised in accordance with a basis of accounting set out in Rule 5.3.2, and the values attributed to those assets and liabilities must be measured in accordance with that basis of accounting.

Guidance

The exceptions provided in this chapter relate to the following:

a.

specific Rules in respect of certain assets and liabilities, intended to achieve a regulatory objective not achieved by application of either or both of the bases of accounting set out in Rule 5.3.2;

b.

assets and liabilities that are not dealt with in either or both of the bases of accounting set out in Rule 5.3.2; and

c.

the overriding power of the DFSA, set out in Rule 5.1.6, to require an Insurer to adopt a particular measurement for a specific asset or liability.

5.3.2

The basis of accounting adopted by an Insurer for the purposes of Rule 5.3.1 must be International Financial Reporting Standards.

5.3.3 Where the valuation of an asset or liability is dependent upon the adoption of assumptions or the adoption of a calculation method, any change in the assumptions or methods adopted must be reflected immediately in the value attributed to the asset or liability concerned. The recognition of the effects of changes in assumptions or methods may not be deferred to future reporting periods.

5.4

Recognition and measurement of insurance assets and liabilities in respect of general insurance

5.4.1

This section applies to assets and liabilities in respect of General Insurance contracts.

5.4.2

Premiums in respect of a group of insurance or reinsurance contracts entered into by an Insurer as insurer must be treated as receivable from the earliest of the following:

(a)

the beginning of the coverage period of the group of contracts;

(b)

when the first payment from a policyholder in the group of contracts becomes due; or

(c)

when the group of contracts becomes onerous.

20

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

5.4.3

(1)

A group of reinsurance contracts held by an Insurer must be recognised as an asset or liability, as applicable, from the earlier of the following:

(a)

the beginning of the coverage period of the group of reinsurance contracts that are held; or

(b)

when the group of underlying insurance contracts becomes onerous.

(2)

Notwithstanding (1)(a), an Insurer must delay the recognition of a group of reinsurance contracts held that provide proportionate coverage until the date that any underlying insurance contract is initially recognised, if that date is later than the beginning of the coverage period of the group of reinsurance contracts.

5.4.4

Premiums in respect of facultative reinsurance contracts and non-proportional treaty contracts entered into by an Insurer as cedant must be treated as payable from the date of entering into the reinsurance contract.

5.4.5

Premiums in respect of proportional treaty reinsurance contracts entered into by an Insurer as cedant must be treated as payable in accordance with the pattern of effecting the underlying insurance contracts.

5.4.6

Expenses incurred in respect of insurance contracts effected by an Insurer must be treated as payable at the time the contracts are effected.

5.4.7

An Insurer must treat as a liability, the premium liability, which is the value of future claim payments and associated direct and indirect settlement costs, arising from future events insured under policies that are in force as at the Solvency Reference Date.

Guidance

The liability referred to in Rule 5.4.7 is commonly represented by insurers as two separate provisions, the unearned premium provision and the premium deficiency provision. The sum of the two provisions is sometimes referred to as the unexpired risk reserve, though this term is also sometimes used to describe