 unit, or for that Insurer; or

(b)

the form would contain no information, in which case the Insurer may omit the form and present a Supplementary Note stating that the form has not been prepared for that reason.

A10.3.3 The forms comprising the Returns are set out in PRU and the DFSA’s electronic

prudential reporting system.

A10.3.4 Items must be disclosed in the Returns in accordance with the instructional guidelines set out in PRU and the DFSA’s electronic prudential reporting system, subject to the effects of other provisions of this appendix.

A10.3.5 Where an item is described in a Return as the result of a mathematical calculation, that mathematical calculation must be used to determine that item except where these Rules or the relevant instructional guidelines require otherwise.

Guidance

The Returns and instruction guidelines are provided in App10, PRU and the DFSA’s electronic prudential reporting system.

118

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

A10.4 General provisions relating to the completion of forms

Guidance

Annual Regulatory Returns follow the cycle of the Insurer’s normal statutory reporting, under the Companies Law and under equivalent legislation elsewhere. Quarterly Regulatory Returns are presented on a year to date basis at specified dates.

A10.4.1 Supplementary Notes must be presented in accordance with any instructions provided through the DFSA’s electronic prudential reporting system or specified in PRU. Each Supplementary Note must identify the form to which it relates.

A10.4.2 Returns must be presented in the English language.

A10.4.3 A Return must be presented in United States currency, rounded to thousands of dollars, with no decimal place except where these Rules or the relevant instructional guidelines require otherwise.

A10.4.4 Where the format of a form requires the presentation of comparative information, the comparative information shall be presented according to the following principles:

(a)

In the case of a form forming part of the Annual Regulatory Return, the comparative information shall be that presented in the Annual Regulatory Return for the previous reporting period.

(b)

In the case of a form forming part of the Quarterly Regulatory Return, the comparative information shall be that presented in the Quarterly Regulatory Return for the corresponding quarter in the previous calendar year.

(c)

Comparative information shall be presented unless:

(i)

the Insurer did not exist at any time during the comparative period (whether or not it was an Insurer);

(ii)

in the case of a Cell Return or a Fund Return, the Cell or Long- Term Insurance Fund to which the Return relates did not exist at any time during the comparative period; or

(iii)

so far only as concerns the DIFC Business Return, in the case of an Insurer that is not a DIFC Incorporated Insurer, the Insurer was not at any time an Insurer during the comparative period.

(d)

An Insurer that is required to present comparative information in a Return, and that was not required to prepare a Return in respect of the comparative period, must present comparative information that would have been presented in the Return covering the comparative period, if the Insurer had been required to prepare that Return.

(e)

Comparative information shall not be changed from the time it was first presented, unless re-presentation is necessary for the interpretation of the Return. Where comparative information is changed, the Insurer must include in the Return a Supplementary Note showing the nature of the change and the reason for it.

119

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

A10.4.5 The Annual Regulatory Return, including the Statement by Directors, is subject to audit, except where this appendix or the form instruction guidelines states that a form is not subject to audit.

A10.4.6 Each page of the Statement by Directors must show:

(a)

the words ‘Annual Regulatory Return’ or ‘Quarterly Regulatory Return’, as applicable;

(b)

Deleted

(c)

the Insurer’s licence number;

(d)

the Insurer’s name;

(e)

the reporting period to which the Return relates;

(f)

whether the Return is a Global, Cell, Fund or DIFC Business Return; and

(g)

where the return relates to a Cell or a Long-term Insurance Fund, sufficient information to identify the Cell or Long-term Insurance Fund in question.

