3.5 When an Insurer arranges for an actuarial investigation under this section, the Insurer must provide to the DFSA a written report prepared by the Actuary conducting the actuarial investigation, not later than four months from the Reference Date of the actuarial investigation.

7.3.6

This report must provide details of, in respect of each Class of Business:

(a)

the product range;

(b)

any discretionary charges and benefits, options and guarantees, and reversionary bonus entitlements, where such features are included in a product;

(c)

reinsurance arrangements;

(d)

significant aspects of the recent experience of the Insurer, including, where relevant, a commentary on significant deviations of actual experience compared to the assumptions made in the previous valuation;

(e)

the Actuary’s estimate of the value of Long-Term Insurance Liabilities, determined in accordance with chapter 5;

(f)

the method and assumptions used by the Actuary in the valuation process, including, where relevant, a commentary on significant differences between the assumptions used and recent actual experience of the Insurer;

32

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

(g)

any expense reserves, mismatching reserves and any other special reserves included by the Actuary in the value of the Long-Term Insurance Liabilities, or recommended by the Actuary to be maintained, although not included in the valuation;

(h)

a determination of the value of surplus in the Long-Term Insurance Fund, before any distribution of such surplus;

(i)

a description of the Invested Assets used to determine the risk-adjusted yield on which the discount rate used in the valuation was based;

(j)

the adequacy and appropriateness of data made available to the Actuary by the Insurer;

(k)

procedures undertaken by the Actuary to assess the reliability of the data;

(l)

the model or models used by the Actuary;

(m)

the approach taken to estimate the variability of the estimate;

(n)

the sensitivity analyses undertaken;

(o)

any significant changes to the matters reported on during the period since the previous valuation, including, in the case of the matters referred to in (f), and otherwise, where relevant, an estimate of the effect of these changes on the Long-Term Insurance Liabilities as at the Reference Date; and

(p)

commentary on any other factors affecting the valuation.

Guidance

1.

The assumptions and comparisons referred to in Rule 7.3.6(d) and (f) should cover all significant components of the valuation, including consideration of persistency, mortality, expense levels, and investment returns.

2. Where the business of the Insurer includes participating Long-Term Insurance Business, it will be necessary for the determination at Rule 7.3.6(h) to deal separately with surplus for the purposes of a decision on allocation of bonuses and surplus for the purposes of determining the capital adequacy of the Fund. For the former of these two purposes, the insurer is identifying the pool, commonly known as surplus, that is available for allocation as bonuses (or equivalent) on participating policies. The allocation then reduces the surplus (note – by convention, this is treated as happening as at the reporting date). By contrast, for the latter of the two purposes, that portion of the remaining surplus that is expected to be allocated eventually to policyholders is also treated as a liability (in Rule 5.6.7), on the grounds that it is not available to absorb losses of the Insurer. For that purpose, declaration of bonuses merely represents a transfer from one recognised liability to another. 3.

2. Where the business of the Insurer includes participating Long-Term Insurance Business, it will be necessary for the determination at Rule 7.3.6(h) to deal separately with surplus for the purposes of a decision on allocation of bonuses and surplus for the purposes of determining the capital adequacy of the Fund. For the former of these two purposes, the insurer is identifying the pool, commonly known as surplus, that is available for allocation as bonuses (or equivalent) on participating policies. The allocation then reduces the surplus (note – by convention, this is treated as happening as at the reporting date). By contrast, for the latter of the two purposes, that portion of the remaining surplus that is expected to be allocated eventually to policyholders is also treated as a liability (in Rule 