 the total amount of hybrid cellular capital exceeds 15% of adjusted non-cellular equity.

A5.10.4 The DFSA may at its discretion and on the application of an Insurer, permit that Insurer to apply Rule A5.10.3 as though the figure of 15% was replaced with a higher figure approved in writing by the DFSA. The approved figure may not be more than the actual percentage which the hybrid cellular capital represents of adjusted cellular equity, and may not in any case exceed 30%.

APP6 CALCULATION OF MINIMUM NON-CELLULAR CAPITAL CAPITAL AND MINIMUM

REQUIREMENT REQUIREMENT

CELLULAR

A6.1 Purpose and general provisions

A6.1.1 This appendix applies to all Insurers to which section 4.4 applies.

A6.1.2

In this appendix, the term ‘segment’ includes both:

(a)

a Cell of a Protected Cell Company; and

(b)

the portion of a Protected Cell Company that is not a Cell; and the term ‘segmental’ is construed accordingly.

Guidance

1.

This appendix sets out how an Insurer that is a Protected Cell Company is required to calculate its Minimum Non-Cellular Capital Requirement and the Minimum Cellular Capital Requirement applicable to each Cell.

2.

The Minimum Non-Cellular Capital Requirement and the Minimum Cellular Capital Requirement are calculated on a basis that is analogous to the basis of calculation of the Minimum Capital Requirement for Insurers that are not Protected Cell Companies, as set out in App4. This appendix therefore incorporates references to the provisions of App4.

3.

The calculation of the Minimum Non-Cellular Capital Requirement takes into account only Non-Cellular Assets and Non-Cellular liabilities, while the Minimum Cellular Capital Requirement in respect of a Cell takes into account only Cellular Assets of that Cell and Cellular Liabilities of the same Cell.

4.

The methods of calculation for the Minimum Non-Cellular Capital Requirement and the Minimum Cellular Capital Requirement in respect of a Cell are identical, so the term Minimum Segmental Capital Requirement is used to refer to both. Similarly, the term ‘segment’ is used in this appendix to refer to both a Cell and the non-cellular part of an Insurer.

94

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

A6.2 Minimum segmental capital requirement

A6.2.1 Every Insurer must calculate its Minimum Non-Cellular Capital Requirement and the Minimum Cellular Capital Requirement applicable to each Cell, in accordance with this appendix.

A6.2.2 Subject to Rules A6.2.4, A6.2.5, and A6.2.6, an Insurer must calculate its Minimum

Segmental Capital Requirement according to the following applicable formula:

(a)

for an Insurer, other than a Captive Insurer: MCR = DRC + IVRC + OARC + OLRC + CRC + SFAC + URC + RRC + LIRC + AMRC;

(b)

for a Class 1 Captive Insurer: MCR = higher of URC and RRC; and

(c)

for a Class 2 and Class 3 Captive Insurer: MCR = DRC + IVRC + URC + RRC;

where:

Term

Definition

MSCR

Insurer’s Minimum Segmental Capital Requirement;

DRC

Insurer’s default risk component in respect of that segment;

IVRC

Insurer’s investment volatility risk component in respect of that segment;

OARC

Insurer’s off-balance sheet asset risk component in respect of that segment;

OLRC

Insurer’s off-balance sheet liability risk component in respect of that segment;

CRC

Insurer’s concentration risk component in respect of that segment;

SFAC

Insurer’s size factor adjustment component in respect of that segment;

URC

Insurer’s underwriting risk component in respect of that segment;

RRC

Insurer’s reserving risk component in respect of that segment;

LIRC

Insurer’s Long-Term Insurance risk component in respect of that segment;

AMRC

Insurer’s asset management risk component in respect of that segment.

95

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

Guidance

Because of the provision in chapter 1 that all Insurance Business of an