 of its total Gross Written Premium in all classes of non-life insurance;

(b)

the Person insured under any Contract of Insurance in Class 7(b) is:

(i)

a Body Corporate; or

(ii)

if not a Body Corporate, a Financial Institution;

(c)

at the time of effecting a Contract of Insurance in Class 7(b), the Person insured under that contract has a rating of BBB or better; and

(d)

the maximum period of any Contract of Insurance in Class 7(b) does not exceed twenty years.

2.5.3 Rule 4.1.4 applies in respect of determination of ratings for the purposes of Rule

2.5.2(c).

2.5.4

An Insurer that is a Protected Cell Company that undertakes Insurance Business in Class 7(b) must comply with Rule 2.5.2 in respect of each Cell to which such business is attributable.

2.5.5

(1)

An Insurer intending to undertake Insurance Business in Class 7(b) must:

(a)

notify the DFSA in writing of its proposal to undertake such business; and

(b)

give to the DFSA a business plan for the business intended to be undertaken.

(2)

The DFSA may object to a proposal made by an Insurer under (1).

(3)

The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law apply to a decision of the DFSA under (2).

(4)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under (2), the Insurer may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

(5)

An Insurer must not effect any contract of insurance in Class 7(b) if the DFSA has objected to a proposal it has made under (1).

Guidance

1.

If all the information required is provided to the DFSA relating to the proposal to effect Contracts of Insurance in Class 7(b), generally, it will take about 45 days for the DFSA to be able to determine whether an Insurer should be allowed to conduct this type of business. An

5

PIN/VER18/04-23

2.

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

Insurer may commence a reference to the FMT in relation to a decision of the DFSA to object to a proposal.

The current requirements relating to Class 7(b) do not cater to monoline specialist financial guarantee insurers. However, if such an Insurer wishes to operate in the DIFC, the DFSA will consider what requirements should apply to it. In doing so, the DFSA will consider capital adequacy and other requirements that are generally applied to such specialist Insurers in other jurisdictions.

6

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

3

LONG-TERM INSURANCE BUSINESS

3.1

Introduction

3.1.1

This chapter applies to all Insurers.

Guidance

1.

This chapter sets out requirements in respect of Long-Term Insurance Business. An Insurer is required to maintain a separate fund in respect of Long-Term Insurance Business or to subject itself to the same restrictions as apply to a Long-Term Insurance Fund.

2..

Requirements in this section that are not specified as applying to Direct Long-Term Insurance Business apply to all Long-Term Insurance Business.

3.2

Establishment of long-term insurance funds

3.2.1

An Insurer that is required, under the provisions of section 3.3, to establish or maintain a Long-Term Insurance Fund in respect of a part of its business must identify separately in its books and records the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses attributable to that business. Those assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses must be recorded separately and accounted for as a Long-Term Insurance Fund.

3.2.2 Where an Insurer that is not a Protected Cell Company carries on Long-Term Insurance Business that, under the provisions of section 3.3, must be attributed to a Long-Term Insurance Fund, it must either:

(i)

establish one or more Long-Term Insurance Funds; or

(j)

notify the DFSA in writing that the Insurer is deemed to constitute a single Long-Term Insurance Fund.

3.2.3 When an Insurer that is a Protected Cell Company carries on, through a Cell, Long- Term Insurance Business that, under