 by the Insurer and that is available to meet the liabilities of the Insurer.

A4.3.2 Where an Insurer arranges its affairs such that its Invested Assets are held in a related entity, the Insurer may, with the written approval of the DFSA, calculate components of its Minimum Capital Requirement by reference to the Insurer’s interest in the assets that are held by the related entity, instead of by reference to the interest that the Insurer has in that related entity. In that case this appendix shall be interpreted as though the assets (representing the Insurer’s interest) held by the related entity were held directly by the Insurer.

Guidance

The effect of Rule A4.3.2 is to provide flexibility for Insurers whose investments are managed on a pooled basis within a Group, or which establish specialist Subsidiaries to manage their investments. While the Insurer’s asset in such cases is a balance with, or investment in, a related entity, this Rule permits the Insurer to ‘look through’ the corporate arrangement and apply this appendix to the assets of the related entity as though they were the Insurer’s own.

A4.4 Default risk component

Guidance

The purpose of the default risk component is to require an Insurer to set aside capital to cover the risk that amounts receivable from counterparties will not be received. The basic calculation model for this component, set out in A4.4.1, is modified by additional provisions that permit an Insurer to take account of the reduced default risk where an asset is covered by guarantees or collateral, and impose additional capital charges on assets that are encumbered. In addition, certain assets that are left out of account in calculating an Insurer’s Adjusted Capital Resources are exempt from the default risk component calculation. Excluding these assets from Adjusted Capital Resources already effectively imposes a 100% capital requirement.

A4.4.1 An Insurer must calculate its default risk component as the sum of the amounts obtained by multiplying the value of each asset of the Insurer with the percentage applicable to that asset, as set out in the tables contained in this Rule and subject to the provisions of Rules A4.4.2, A4.4.5, A4.4.6 and A4.4.7.

(a)

Assets that are Invested Assets

72

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

Asset

%

(a) Bonds Rated ‘AAA’, issued by a Government or Government

agency

0.0

(b) Bonds not included in (a), Rated ‘A’ or better

0.4

(c) Bonds Rated ‘BBB’

3.3

(d) Bonds Rated ‘BB’

7.5

(e) Bonds Rated ‘B’

13.7

(f)

Bonds Rated ‘CCC’

20.2

(g) Other Rated bonds

30.0

(h) Secured loans – performing

2.0

(i)

Secured loans – Non-Performing

14.0

(j)

Loans to directors of the Insurer or to directors of Related parties, or to the dependent relatives of such directors

100.0

(k) Unsecured loans to employees (except loans of less than $1,000)

100.0

(l) Other bonds and loans

50.0

(b)

Assets that are not Invested Assets

73

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

Asset

%

(a) Reinsurance recoverable from:

(i)

reinsurers Rated ‘AAA’

0.5

(ii)

reinsurers Rated ‘AA’

1.2

(iii)

reinsurers Rated ‘A’

1.9

(iv)

reinsurers Rated ‘BBB’

4.7

(v)

reinsurers Rated ‘BB’

9.6

(vi)

reinsurers Rated ‘B’

23.8

(vii)

reinsurers Rated ‘CCC’

49.7

(viii) reinsurers Rated ‘R’

50.0

(ix) other reinsurers

25.0

(b) Other assets

3.0

A4.4.2 Reinsurance recoverable includes amounts recoverable in respect of outstanding claims and in respect of Premium Liabilities. Insurers may make reasonable approximations where