’s primary concern will be the interests of policyholders, both existing and prospective. It recognises that there will be circumstances in which a problem may be resolved quickly, for example by support from a parent company, without jeopardising the interests of policyholders. In such circumstances, it will be in the interests of all parties for there to be minimum disruption to the Insurer’s business. The DFSA’s normal approach will be to seek to work cooperatively with firms to deal with any problems. There will, however, be other circumstances in which it is necessary to take firm action to avoid exposing further policyholders to the risk of the Insurer’s failure, and the DFSA will not hesitate to do so.

4.9

Limitations on distributions by insurers

4.9.1 No Insurer may make any distribution of profits or surplus, however called or described, or return of capital if such distribution or return would cause the Insurer to fail to comply with any provision of this chapter.

18

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

5

MEASUREMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES OF INSURERS

5.1

General provisions

5.1.1

This chapter applies to an Insurer in relation to Returns made to the DFSA.

Guidance

1.

This chapter establishes a set of principles for the consistent measurement of the assets and liabilities of Insurers for the purposes of reporting under chapter 6 and for determining compliance with chapter 4.

2.

This chapter is not intended to establish a basis of accounting for general purpose financial statements of Insurers. This chapter does not prevent Insurers from adopting measurements of assets and liabilities that might be considered excessively prudent if adopted in the Insurer’s general purpose financial statements. Insurers are not however expected to mislead the DFSA as to the financial position or financial performance of the Insurer.

5.1.2

Subject to Rules 5.1.3, 5.1.4, 5.1.5 and 5.1.6, an Insurer must recognise and measure its assets and liabilities in accordance with so many of sections 5.3, 5.4, 5.5 and 5.6 as apply to the Insurer.

5.1.3

An Insurer may measure the value of an asset at less than the value determined in accordance with this chapter.

5.1.4

An Insurer may measure the value of a liability at more than the value determined in accordance with this chapter.

5.1.5

An Insurer may use approximate methods to measure an asset or a liability, where the result obtained by the use of that approximate method would not be materially different from the result obtained by applying a measurement method prescribed in this chapter.

5.1.6 Notwithstanding any other provision of this chapter, the DFSA may, by written notice, direct an Insurer to measure an asset or a liability in accordance with principles specified by the DFSA in that written notice.

5.2

Classification of insurance business

5.2.1

An Insurer must, in its own records, classify all insurance contracts effected by it as Insurer and all reinsurance contracts entered into by it as cedant, according to the Class of Business to which the contracts relate.

5.2.2 Where a contract relates to more than one Class of Business, the Insurer must record separately the portions of the contract that relate to each Class of Business, except that immaterial portions need not be separately recorded.

Guidance

1.

The Classes of Business are set out in GEN App4.

2.

A portion of a Contract of Insurance, insuring a risk of a Class of Business other than the principal Class of Business to which the contract relates, will not normally be regarded as

19

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

material if the interest that it insures is both related and subsidiary to the principal interest or interests insured under the contract, and constitutes less than ten per cent of the Gross Written Premium under the contract.

5.3

Basic principles of recognition and measurement

5.3.1

Except where this chapter provides otherwise, the assets and liabilities of an Insurer must be recognised in accordance with a basis of accounting set out in Rule 