; or

(b)

within one month of the Insurer’s mid-year date in the case of a report at the mid-point of a reporting period.

(2)

The Financial Group Capital Adequacy Report must state:

(a)

the name of the Insurer;

(b)

the reference date of the report;

(c)

the name, location and activity of the Parent entity of the Financial Group in respect of which the report is made;

(d)

the Financial Group Capital Resources, calculated in accordance with Rule 8.3.4;

(e)

the Financial Group Capital Requirement, calculated in accordance with Rule 8.3.3;

(f)

the amount of surplus or deficit, expressed as the amount in (d) minus the amount in (e);

(g)

a list of all Authorised Firms and Financial Institutions in the Financial Group;

(h)

if any Authorised Firm in the Financial Group is itself a Parent, the items referred to in (d), (e) and (f) in respect of the Financial Group headed by that Authorised Firm; and

(i)

particulars of any Authorised Firm or Financial Institution in the Financial Group in respect of which the capital requirement calculated in accordance with Rule 8.3.3 exceeds its Capital Resources or Adjusted Capital Resources calculated in accordance with Rule 8.3.4(1)(b).

(3)

Amounts in the Financial Group Capital Adequacy Report must be expressed in thousands of dollars.

(4)

The Financial Group Capital Adequacy Report must be signed by:

29

PIN/VER18/04-23

6.7

6.7.1

7

7.1

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

(a)

the Persons specified in Rule 6.5.3 in the case of a report at the end of a reporting period; or

(b)

the Persons specified in Rule 6.5.9 in the case of a report at the mid-point of a reporting period.

(5)

The Financial Group Capital Adequacy Report must be accompanied by a statement by the Insurer’s auditor, made in writing to the directors of the Insurer and to the DFSA, and stating whether any significant matter has come to the attention of the auditor to indicate that the report has not been properly compiled in accordance with the requirements of this section, from information provided to the Insurer by other members of the Financial Group and from the Insurer’s own records.

Guidance

1. Where information that would be contained in the Financial Group Capital Adequacy Report would be identical with information previously or concurrently provided to the DFSA pursuant to this or another provision of the Rulebook, and that information has not changed, the DFSA will normally accept a statement to that effect in the report in place of that information. Form IN 170 in PRU may be used by an Insurer to present the Financial Group Capital Adequacy Report. Use of this form is not mandatory, however if the form is used the instructional guidelines in PRU must be observed.

Transitional Rule

The amendments to chapters 5 and 6 of these Rules that come into force as a result of Rule-making instrument No. 350 of 2023, do not apply to an Insurer in respect of an annual reporting period of the Insurer commencing before 1 January 2023.

ACTUARIES

Introduction

Guidance

This chapter requires an Insurer to provide the DFSA with a report by an Actuary in respect of its Insurance Liabilities and assets arising in respect of those liabilities (that is, assets which are contingent on the existence and amount of the liabilities, such as reinsurance, salvage and subrogation recoveries). Separate provisions apply in respect of reports on General Insurance Business and Long- Term Insurance Business.

30

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

7.2

The requirement for an actuarial report on general insurance business

7.2.1

Subject to Rule 7.2.2, this section applies to Insurers conducting General Insurance Business.

7.2.2 Where an Insurer attributes General Insurance Business to a Long-Term Insurance

Fund in accordance with Rule 3.3.4, this section does not apply to that business.

7.2.3

(1)

An Insurer,