 exchange, which is subject to daily mark-to-market and margin payments.

A4.6.2 An Insurer must calculate its off-balance sheet asset risk component as the sum of the amounts obtained by applying the calculations set out in Rule A4.6.3 in respect of each derivative contract entered into by the Insurer that meets the description in Rule A4.6.1.

A4.6.3 The amount in respect of a derivative contract is obtained by calculating, for an asset equivalent amount as determined in Rule A4.6.4, a default risk component as set out in section A4.4 and an investment volatility risk component as set out in section A4.5, as though the asset equivalent amount were a debt obligation due from the derivative counterparty.

A4.6.4 The asset equivalent amount in respect of a derivative is calculated as the sum of the current mark-to-market exposure of the derivative (where this is positive) and the amount obtained by multiplying the notional principal amount of the derivative by the factors specified in the following table, according to the nature and residual maturity of the derivative.

Residual maturity

A

B

C

D

E

(a)

Less than 1 year

NIL

1.0%

6.0%

7.0%

10.0%

(b)

1 year or more, but less than 5 years

0.5%

5.0%

8.0%

7.0%

12.0%

(c)

5 years or more

1.5%

7.0%

10.0%

8.0%

15.0%

Where:

A means interest rate contracts;

B means foreign exchange and gold contracts;

C means equity contracts;

D means precious metal contracts (other than gold); and

E means other contracts.

A4.7 Off-balance sheet liability risk component

Guidance

1.

The purpose of the off-balance sheet liability risk component is to require an Insurer to set aside capital to cover the risk that it will be required to perform on a guarantee, letter of credit or other credit substitute that it has entered into. Although such items are not liabilities of the

77

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

Insurer as at the Solvency Reference Date, they have the capacity to crystallise as liabilities at a subsequent date and therefore to affect the Insurer’s capital position.

2.

Credit substitutes that are Contracts of Insurance are excluded from the calculation of this component, as they are subject to a separate capital requirement under section 4.5.

A4.7.1 An Insurer must calculate an off-balance sheet liability risk component if the Insurer has issued guarantees, including put options serving as guarantees, letters of credit or any other credit substitute (other than an insurance contract) in favour of another party, so that the Insurer is exposed to the risk of having to make payment on those instruments should the guaranteed party default.

A4.7.2 An Insurer must calculate its off-balance sheet liability risk component as the sum of the amounts obtained by applying the calculations set out in Rule A4.7.3 in respect of each guarantee, letter of credit or other credit substitute.

A4.7.3 The amount in respect of a guarantee, letter of credit or other credit substitute (other than an insurance contract) is obtained by calculating, for the nominal amount of the guarantee, letter of credit or other credit substitute, a default risk component as set out in section A4.4 and an investment volatility risk component as set out in section A4.5, in respect of the obligation or asset over which the guarantee, letter of credit or other credit substitute is written, as though that obligation or asset were an obligation or asset of the Insurer.

A4.8 Concentration risk component

Guidance

The purpose of the concentration risk component is to require an Insurer to set aside capital to cover the sensitivity that it has to default or volatility in respect of assets and exposures to single counterparties or groupings of connected counterparties, or single properties. The additional capital requirement applies to investment exposures, including off-balance sheet exposures, and amounts outstanding under finite risk reinsurance contracts in respect of Long-Term Insurance. It is calculated on the basis of the Insurer’s total exposure to the counterparty, grouping of connected