 holds at all times Invested Assets of appropriate safety, yield and marketability adequate to provide the future Policy Benefits under those contracts that are attributed to the Fund.

(2)

For the purposes of (1)(b), assets of the type described in Rule A3.4.3 must be excluded.

Guidance

1.

Rule 4.2.3(1)(a) applies at the time that a contract is effected. Circumstances may arise in which premiums subsequently prove to be inadequate. However, this does not create a breach of the requirement in that subparagraph. Neither does the fact that an individual contract might suffer a large loss.

2.

An Insurer should be able to demonstrate that its procedures allow for prior assessment and periodic review of premium adequacy of Direct Long-Term Insurance contracts that it writes. The assessment will consider the adequacy of premiums taking into account projected revenues and expenses in respect of the relevant contracts, including the likely impact of any discretionary features. In making this assessment, credit should not be taken for the impact of voluntary discontinuance (lapse, surrender of or making the contract paid-up) by the policyholder. The DFSA does not consider it appropriate for the projected profitability of Direct Long-Term Insurance contracts to be dependent on ‘lapse support’.

3.

Rule 4.2.3(1)(a) generally prevents an Insurer from writing ‘loss leader’ Direct Long-Term Insurance products. An Insurer that wishes to conduct business on a loss-leader basis would need to apply for an appropriate waiver. Such an Insurer would need to demonstrate that its resources are adequate to cover an appropriate level of technical provisions in respect of the contracts concerned, without detriment to its ability to comply with this Rule in respect of its other business.

14

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

4.2.4

Systems and controls maintained by directors for the purposes of Rule 4.2.2 and Rule 4.2.3 must include analysis of realistic scenarios relevant to the circumstances of the Insurer and the effects that the occurrences of those scenarios would have on the capital requirements of the Insurer and on its capital resources.

Guidance

Because an Insurer is required to maintain adequate capital resources at all times, its systems and controls need to enable the directors to determine and monitor the capital requirements of the Insurer and the capital resources that it has available, and to identify occurrences where the capital resources fall short of the capital requirements or may fall short in the future. An Insurer is not required to measure the precise amount of its capital resources and its capital requirements on a daily basis. However an Insurer should be in a position to demonstrate its capital adequacy at any time if asked to do so by the DFSA.

4.3 Minimum capital requirement for insurers that are not protected

cell companies

4.3.1

This section applies only to Insurers that are not Protected Cell Companies.

4.3.2

An Insurer that is not a Protected Cell Company must always have Adjusted Capital Resources equal to or higher than the amount of its Minimum Capital Requirement.

4.3.3

An Insurer’s Adjusted Capital Resources must be calculated in accordance with App3.

4.3.4

An Insurer’s Minimum Capital Requirement must be calculated in accordance with App4.

4.4 Minimum capital requirement for insurers that are protected cell

companies

4.4.1

This section applies only to Insurers that are Protected Cell Companies.

4.4.2

An Insurer that is a Protected Cell Company must ensure that at all times the Insurer has Adjusted Non-Cellular Capital Resources equal to or higher than the amount of the Minimum Non-Cellular Capital Requirement.

4.4.3

An Insurer that is a Protected Cell Company must ensure that at all times, in respect of each of its Cells, the Insurer has Adjusted Cellular Capital Resources equal to or higher than the amount of the Minimum Cellular Capital Requirement in respect of that Cell.

4.4.4

The Adjusted Non-Cellular Capital Resources in respect of an Insurer that is a Protected Cell Company must be calculated in accordance with App5.

4.4.5

The Minimum Non-Cellular Capital Requirement in respect of an Insurer that is a Protected Cell Company must be calculated in