 the Owners’ Equity by loan to the Insurance Fund and not repaid as at the Solvency Reference Date;

(e)

current year’s earnings after tax; and

(f)

hybrid capital (as defined in Rule A7.5.1).

A7.3.3 Where an Insurer is not a DIFC Incorporated Insurer, base capital may include capital instruments and equity reserves that are approved in writing by the DFSA as equivalent to the capital instruments and equity reserves described in Rule A7.3.2.

A7.3.4 Owners’ Equity in a Takaful Insurer, that has not been transferred to the Insurance Fund, must be classified as hybrid capital for the purposes of this section if:

(a)

under the constitutional documents of the Insurer or the terms of insurance contracts or both, the owners do not participate in the surpluses and losses of Insurance Business; and

(b)

the Owners’ Equity is available for loan to the Insurance Fund maintained within the Long-Term Insurance Fund of the Insurer.

A7.3.5 Hybrid capital having a term to maturity of less than five years may only be included

in base fund capital with the written consent of the DFSA.

103

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

A7.4 Adjusted fund equity

A7.4.1 An Insurer must calculate its adjusted fund equity in respect of each Long-Term

Insurance Fund as set out in this section.

Guidance

The purpose of these adjustments is to provide a consistent basis for the determination of the Insurer’s Adjusted Fund Capital Resources and to exclude from those resources assets that may not be readily realisable for the purposes of meeting Insurance Liabilities of the Long-Term Insurance Fund.

A7.4.2 The following items must be deducted from base fund capital, to the extent that the

Insurer has not excluded them in determining its base fund capital:

(a)

any amounts in respect of appropriations to be made from the Long-Term Insurance Fund in respect of the current year, including dividends, distributions by Takaful Insurers of surplus, bonuses, pensions and welfare charges that are determined on the basis of the current year’s profit, whether or not the amounts have been approved by the Insurer for payment;

(b)

the amount of any investment by the Long-Term Insurance Fund or by a Subsidiary of the Long-Term Insurance Fund, in the Insurer’s own capital;

(c)

the amount of any tax liability that would be attributable to unrealised gains on investments, if those gains were realised;

(d)

the amount of deferred acquisition costs;

(e)

the amount of any deferred tax asset;

(f)

the amount of any goodwill, patents, service rights, brands and any other intangible items;

(g)

the amount of any Zakah or charity fund of a Takaful Insurer, maintained within the Long-Term Insurance Fund;

(h)

the amount of any operating assets, including inventories, plant and equipment, and vehicles; and

(i)

the amount of any assets that may not be applied to meet Insurance Liabilities attributable to the Long-Term Insurance Fund (for example, assets that are subject to fixed or floating charges, mortgages or other security).

A7.5 Fund hybrid capital adjustment

Guidance

1.

This section acts to limit hybrid capital to 15% of the adjusted fund equity in respect of a fund.

104

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

2.

The purpose of the fund hybrid capital adjustment is to limit the extent to which an Insurer may rely for its Adjusted Fund Capital Resources in respect of any Long-Term Insurance Fund on instruments that do not or may not constitute permanent capital of that fund.

A7.5.1 Fund hybrid capital includes the following items:

(a)

subordinated debt attributable to the fund; and

(b)

Owners’ Equity in a Takaful Insurer of the type described in Rule A7.3.4.

A7.5.2 Subject to Rule A7.5.3, an Insurer must calculate its fund hybrid capital adjustment as the amount by which the total amount of hybrid capital exceeds 15% of adjusted fund equity.

A7.5.3 The DFSA may at its discretion permit an Insurer to apply