reinsurers Rated ‘BBB’

4.7

(v)

reinsurers Rated ‘BB’

9.6

(vi)

reinsurers Rated ‘B’

23.8

(vii)

reinsurers Rated ‘CCC’

49.7

(viii) reinsurers Rated ‘R’

50.0

(ix) other reinsurers

25.0

(b) Other assets

3.0

A4.4.2 Reinsurance recoverable includes amounts recoverable in respect of outstanding claims and in respect of Premium Liabilities. Insurers may make reasonable approximations where it is not possible to identify exactly the reinsurers to which amounts recoverable relate (for example, in the case of recoveries in respect of Premium Liabilities and in respect of claims incurred but not reported).

A4.4.3 Where an asset falls within more than one category in the table in Rules A4.4.1(a) or A4.4.1(b), the highest of the percentages applicable to that asset must be applied.

A4.4.4 Where an asset has been explicitly, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed for its remaining term, by a guarantor with a rating of ‘A’ or better who is not Related to the Insurer, the Insurer may at its option use, in place of the relevant percentage in the table in Rules A4.4.1(a) or A4.4.1(b), the percentage in those tables that would apply to a debt due from the guarantor.

A4.4.5 Where an Insurer holds collateral against an asset, and the collateral consists of a charge, mortgage or other security interest in cash or in debt securities whose issuer has a rating of ‘A’ or above, the Insurer may at its option use, in place of the relevant percentage in the table A4.4.1 (a) or in Rule A4.4.1(b), the percentage in those tables that would apply to the collateral.

A4.4.6 The provisions of Rules A4.4.4 and A4.4.5 apply only to so much of the asset that is

covered by the guarantee or the collateral.

A4.4.7 Notwithstanding anything else in this section:

74

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

(a)

the amount included in the default risk component in respect of any asset that floating charge, mortgage or other encumbrance must be 100% of the value of the asset to the extent of that charge, mortgage or encumbrance. In the case of such assets, the percentages set out in the tables above must be applied only to the amount, if any, by which the value of the asset exceeds the amount of the charge, mortgage or encumbrance; and

is subject

to a

fixed or

(b)

no amount must be included in the default risk component in respect of assets excluded from Adjusted Capital Resources in accordance with Rules A3.4.3(e), A3.4.3(f), A3.4.3(g), A3.4.3(h), A3.4.3(k) or A3.4.3(l).

A4.4.8 (1) Where a Captive Insurer provides a qualifying intra-group loan to a Rated member of its Group, it shall apply the same percentage factor for that intra- group loan as is applicable for a Rated bond with an equivalent rating as set out in A4.4.1.

(2)

A loan is a qualifying intra-group loan for the purposes of (1), where it meets the following criteria:

(a)

the borrower is Rated;

(b)

the prolongation;

loan maturity

is

limited to 12 months with no automatic

(c)

the loan is provided on market terms and conditions;

(d)

the loan is subject to a contractual obligation to be repaid at the first call by the Captive Insurer; and

(e)

the DFSA has been notified before granting the loan (no prior permission required).

A4.4.9 Rated Money Market Funds shall be treated as a bond and the same percentage

factor shall be applied as for a bond with an equivalent rating as set out in A4.4.1.

A4.5

Investment volatility risk component