 amount of any deferred tax asset;

(f)

the amount of any goodwill, patents, service rights, brands and any other intangible items;

(g)

in a Takaful Insurer, the amount of any loan made from the Owners’ Equity to an Insurance Fund that is attributable to a Cell, that has not been repaid as at the Solvency Reference Date;

(h)

the amount of any Zakah or charity fund of a Takaful Insurer;

(i)

the amount of any operating assets, including inventories, plant and equipment, and vehicles; and

(j)

the amount of any other assets that may not be applied to meet Non- Cellular Liabilities of the Insurer.

A5.5 Hybrid non-cellular capital adjustment

Guidance

1.

This section acts to limit hybrid non-cellular capital to 15% of an Insurer’s adjusted non- cellular equity.

89

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

2.

The purpose of the hybrid non-cellular capital adjustment is to limit the extent to which an Insurer may rely for its Adjusted Non-Cellular Capital Resources on instruments that do not or may not constitute permanent capital of the Insurer. Such instruments include share capital contributed by a Holding Company, where the Holding Company’s investment is financed by debt rather than by its own capital.

A5.5.1 Subject to Rule A5.5.2, hybrid non-cellular capital includes the following items:

(a)

subordinated debt;

(b)

preference shares; and

(c)

ordinary shares issued by an Insurer to a Holding Company whose own paid-up ordinary share capital, taken together with its general reserves, is lower than that of the Insurer.

A5.5.2 Hybrid non-cellular capital excludes any instrument that is attributable to a Cell.

A5.5.3 Subject to Rule A5.5.4, an Insurer must calculate its hybrid non-cellular capital adjustment as the amount by which the total amount of hybrid non-cellular capital exceeds 15% of adjusted non-cellular equity.

A5.5.4 The DFSA may at its discretion and on the application of an Insurer, permit that Insurer to apply Rule A5.5.3 as though the figure of 15% was replaced with a higher figure approved in writing by the DFSA. The approved figure may not be more than the actual percentage which the hybrid non-cellular capital represents of adjusted non-cellular equity, and may not in any case exceed 30%.

A5.6 Adjusted cellular capital resources

A5.6.1 An Insurer must calculate the Adjusted Cellular Capital Resources in respect of a

Cell according to the formula:

ACCR = ACE +CCA – HCCA

where, in respect of that Cell:

ACCR means the Adjusted Cellular Capital Resources;

ACE means the adjusted cellular equity

CCA means the non-cellular capital adjustment; and

HCCA means the hybrid cellular capital adjustment.

A5.6.2 Adjusted cellular equity is calculated as set out in section A5.8. The non-cellular capital adjustment is determined as set out in section A5.9. The hybrid non-cellular capital adjustment is set out in section A5.10.

90

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

A5.7 Base cellular capital

Guidance

The commencement point for calculating the adjusted cellular equity in respect of a Cell is the base cellular capital in respect of that Cell.

A5.7.1 Subject to Rules A5.7.3 and A5.7.4, the base cellular capital in respect of a Cell consists of the following capital instruments and equity reserves that are attributable to that Cell:

(a)

paid-up Cell Shares, except for shares referred to in Rule A5.10.1(d);

(b)

general reserves;

(c)

in the Insurance Fund of a Takaful Insurer, where the Insurance Fund is attributable to the Cell, amounts provided from the Owners’ Equity by loan to the Insurance Fund and not repaid as at the Solvency Reference Date;

(d)

retained earnings;

(e)

current year’s earnings after tax; and

(f)

hybrid cellular capital (as defined in Rule A5.10.1).

A5.7.2