 default risk component and the investment volatility risk component in respect of those assets, calculated according to the methods set out in sections A4.4 and A4.5 respectively, applying those methods so far as concerns those assets only;

(b)

Insurance Liabilities of the Insurer in respect of its DIFC Insurance Business; and

(c)

the Insurer’s DIFC Business Risk Capital Requirement, calculated in accordance with App9.

Guidance

1.

Assets are not normally available to meet Insurance Liabilities of an Insurer arising in respect of operations conducted by the Insurer in the DIFC, if those assets are required to meet liabilities of the Insurer in jurisdictions other than the DIFC, except where those liabilities are also Insurance Liabilities of the Insurer arising in respect of operations conducted by the Insurer in the DIFC.

2.

Assets are not normally available to meet Insurance Liabilities of an Insurer arising in respect of operations conducted by the Insurer in the DIFC, if those assets are required, under the laws of any jurisdiction, to be located in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC, except where the assets are required to be located in that jurisdiction to meet, or as collateral against, either:

a.

liabilities that are Insurance Liabilities of the Insurer arising in respect of operations conducted by the Insurer in the DIFC; or

b.

liabilities that may arise in the future and that would, if they arose, be Insurance Liabilities of the Insurer arising in respect of operations conducted by the Insurer in the DIFC.

The assets available to an Insurer for the purposes of Rule 4.7.2 may comprise any combination of the following types of asset:

(a)

bonds Rated ‘BBB’ or better;

(b)

equities listed on an Approved Stock Exchange;

(c)

reinsurance recoverable in respect of General Insurance Liabilities referred to in Rule 4.7.2(b), where the reinsurer is Rated ‘BBB’ or better; and

(d)

land and buildings.

An Insurer subject to this section must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the DFSA that the Insurer complies with Rule 4.7.2, when the DFSA requests it by written notice to do so.

Failure to comply with this chapter

An Insurer that becomes aware that it does not comply with this chapter:

(a)

must immediately notify the DFSA in writing;

17

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

(b)

must not effect any Contracts of Insurance through an establishment in the DIFC until the DFSA has given it written permission to recommence business;

(c)

must not, if the Insurer is a DIFC Incorporated Insurer, effect any Contracts of Insurance until the DFSA has given it written permission to recommence business; and

(d)

must not make any distribution of profits or surplus however called or described, or return of capital, without the written permission of the DFSA.

4.8.2

An Insurer that believes that it may not be in compliance with this chapter or may not continue to comply with this chapter in the future must immediately provide the DFSA with a written statement of:

(a)

the reasons for the Insurer’s belief that it may not be in compliance or may not continue to comply; and

(b)

the action that the Insurer is taking to avoid non-compliance.

4.8.3

An Insurer to which Rule 4.8.2 applies must not make any distribution of profits or surplus, however called or described, or return of capital without the written permission of the DFSA.

Guidance

In dealing with non-compliance, or possible non-compliance, with this chapter, the DFSA’s primary concern will be the interests of policyholders, both existing and prospective. It recognises that there will be circumstances in which a problem may be resolved quickly, for example by support from a parent company, without jeopardising the interests of policyholders. In such circumstances, it will be in the interests of all parties for there to be minimum disruption to the Insurer’s business. The DFSA’s normal approach will be to seek to work cooperatively with firms to deal with any problems. There will, however, be other circumstances in which it is necessary to take firm action to avoid exposing further