 to policyholders and the costs of managing investments, must be treated as payable as they are incurred.

5.6.5

An Insurer must calculate insurance contract liabilities in accordance with the appropriate measurement model determined under IFRS 17.

22

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

5.6.6

[Deleted]

5.6.7

[Deleted]

5.6.8

[Deleted]

5.6.9

[Deleted]

5.7

Value of investments in subsidiaries and associates that are subject to minimum capital requirements

5.7.1

This section applies to all Insurers.

5.7.2 Where an Insurer is the Parent of a Financial Group, the value of the Insurer’s investment in any Subsidiary or Associate that is an Authorised Firm or a Financial Institution must be taken as the amount of the Insurer’s proportionate share of that Subsidiary or Associate’s Capital Resources or Adjusted Capital Resources Insurer’s determined proportionate share of the Subsidiary or Associate’s Capital Requirement determined in accordance with Rule 8.3.3(2).

in accordance with Rule 8.3.4(1)(b), reduced by

the

Guidance

The impact of Rule 5.7.2 is that an Insurer’s capital resources are calculated on a basis consistent with the manner of calculation of Financial Group Capital Resources, and that capital resources required to support the capital adequacy of Group companies are not used to support the individual capital adequacy of the Insurer itself. The Insurer’s capital adequacy calculation is therefore also an indication of the degree of capital adequacy of the Financial Group of which it is the Parent. In this and other Rules where reference is made to a Parent for the purposes of calculating capital adequacy of a group of companies, generally, it is a reference to the ultimate Parent within the group.

5.7.3 Deleted

5.8

Transfer of risk by an Insurer to an ISPV

5.8.1

This section applies to all Insurers.

5.8.2

An Insurer may not:

(a)

treat amounts recoverable from an ISPV as:

(i)

an asset; or

(ii)

reinsurance for the purposes of calculating its liabilities under contracts of insurance it has effected; or

(b)

otherwise ascribe a value to such amounts;

unless it has first obtained a waiver from the DFSA.

Guidance

In considering:

23

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

a.

whether to grant such a waiver; and

b.

the amount which the DFSA will allow the Insurer to bring into account for these purposes;

the DFSA will take into account the following factors:

c.

where the ISPV is an Authorised ISPV, the DFSA will wish to be satisfied that the ISPV complies with Rules 10.1.2 to 10.1.7 The DFSA may rely on information supplied in connection with the ISPV’s application for authorisation. However, if the application for a waiver is made some time after authorisation was granted, the DFSA may request confirmation that there has been no material change to the information originally supplied;

d.

where the ISPV is not authorised, the DFSA will expect to receive confirmation that the ISPV is subject to regulation by a Financial Services Regulator in a jurisdiction acceptable to the DFSA. In addition, it will need details of the debt issuance or other financing mechanism by which the ISPV's reinsurance liabilities are funded. The DFSA will also expect to receive information about the ISPV's key management and control functions, including details of the ISPV's auditors and arrangements for claims handling, and any material outsourcing agreements. The DFSA will also need information about the structure of any Group of which the ISPV is a member;

e.

no credit will be allowed for a contract of reinsurance with an ISPV unless there is an effective transfer of risk to the ISPV. The DFSA will require evidence that the contract of reinsurance and the extent of the credit that the Insurer proposes to take for it satisfy the risk transfer principle; and

f.

the DFSA will also expect to receive an analysis of the potential for risk