urers are therefore required to maintain a minimum level of capital resources in accordance with this chapter.

2.

This chapter establishes minimum required levels of capital resources applicable to Insurers of different types. Section 4.2 establishes provisions that are applicable to all Insurers, wherever they are incorporated and of whatever type they are. Section 4.3 establishes Minimum Capital Requirements in respect of Insurers other than Protected Cell Companies, and section 4.4 establishes equivalent requirements in respect of Protected Cell Companies. Additional provisions are established by section 4.6, in respect of Insurers maintaining Long-Term Insurance Funds, and by section 4.7, in respect of Insurers that are not DIFC Incorporated Insurers.

3.

The DFSA has the power under the Regulatory Law 2004 to act if it believes that any requirement of this chapter is breached, or that it may be breached in the future.

For the purposes of this chapter, assets and liabilities must be valued in accordance with chapter 5.

In this chapter and in the appendices referred to in this chapter, references to ratings are made according to the rating hierarchy (AAA, AA, etc) of Standard & Poor’s. Where, for the purposes of a provision of this chapter or of an appendix, an Insurer uses ratings from a Rating Agency other than Standard & Poor’s, the Insurer must apply that provision as though the Standard & Poor’s rating referred to in the provision were replaced by the rating from that other Rating Agency that is equivalent to the Standard & Poor’s rating.

An Insurer must not, for the purposes of this chapter or the appendices referred to in this chapter, use ratings provided by any Rating Agency other than Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s, AM Best, and Fitch Ratings, except where the DFSA has given written approval to the Insurer for the use of ratings provided by that other Rating Agency.

Basic requirement

This section applies to all Insurers.

An Insurer must always have capital resources that are, in the opinion of its directors formed on reasonable assumptions, adequate for the conduct of its business, taking into consideration the size of the Insurer and the mix and complexity of its business.

13

PIN/VER18/04-23

4.2.3

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

Guidance

1. Where an Insurer effects Direct Long-Term Insurance contracts, Rule 4.2.2 implies that the Insurer must also be able to fund and service its Long-Term Insurance Business in the long term.

2.

To be able to demonstrate to the DFSA that the Insurer meets the obligation of Rule 4.2.2 on an on-going basis, the DFSA expects the Insurer to develop internal capital models to support the self-assessment of capital adequacy. Those internal capital models should include mechanisms to estimate in a realistic manner the impact on the Insurer’s capital position of possible scenarios relevant to the Insurer’s business. The results of scenario testing should be communicated to the appropriate levels of management within the Insurer. Insurers should be able to demonstrate to the DFSA that the Insurer has adequate capital resources to withstand external and internal shocks to which they may plausibly be exposed.

3.

Compliance with quantitative capital requirements set out in the PIN Module does not guarantee compliance with Rule 4.2.2.

(1)

Without limiting the generality of Rule 4.2.2, an Insurer that effects Direct Long-Term Insurance contracts must ensure that:

(a)

premiums for any Direct Long-Term Insurance contracts it effects are sufficient at that time for the formation of technical provisions relating to future Policy Benefits in accordance with the applicable valuation rules; and

(b)

each Long-Term Insurance Fund to which Direct Long-Term Insurance contracts are attributed holds at all times Invested Assets of appropriate safety, yield and marketability adequate to provide the future Policy Benefits under those contracts that are attributed to the Fund.

(2)

For the purposes of (1)(b), assets of the type described in Rule A3.4.3 must be excluded.

Guidance

1.

Rule 4.2.3(1)(a) applies at the time that a contract is effected. Circumstances may arise in which premiums subsequently prove to be inadequate. However, this does not create a breach of the requirement in that subparagraph. Neither does the