 Fund.

3.2.2 Where an Insurer that is not a Protected Cell Company carries on Long-Term Insurance Business that, under the provisions of section 3.3, must be attributed to a Long-Term Insurance Fund, it must either:

(i)

establish one or more Long-Term Insurance Funds; or

(j)

notify the DFSA in writing that the Insurer is deemed to constitute a single Long-Term Insurance Fund.

3.2.3 When an Insurer that is a Protected Cell Company carries on, through a Cell, Long- Term Insurance Business that, under the provisions of section 3.3, must be attributed to a Long-Term Insurance Fund, it must either:

(a)

establish, in respect of that Cell, one or more Long-Term Insurance Funds; or

(b)

notify the DFSA in writing that the Cell is deemed to constitute a single Long-Term Insurance Fund.

Guidance

Because of the prohibition set out in COB part 1, Insurance Business of an Insurer that is a Protected Cell Company can only be carried out through its Cells.

3.2.4

An Insurer that is subject to a regulatory requirement in another jurisdiction to arrange its affairs or any part of its affairs in a manner that is equivalent or substantially equivalent to the maintenance of a Long-Term Insurance Fund required by this section, may make a written application to the DFSA for that

7

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

arrangement of its affairs or that part of its affairs to be deemed for the purposes of these Rules to constitute a Long-Term Insurance Fund. If the DFSA approves that application, it must inform the Insurer in writing, and must state in its notice to the Insurer the manner in which the arrangement will be deemed for the purpose of these Rules to constitute a Long-Term Insurance Fund.

3.2.5

An Insurer, or a Cell of an Insurer, that is deemed in accordance with Rule 3.2.2(b) or Rule 3.2.3(b) to constitute a single Long-Term Insurance Fund, shall be treated for all purposes relating to these Rules as though the Insurer had established a Long-Term Insurance Fund to which all of the assets and liabilities of the Insurer or of the Cell are attributed.

3.2.6 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the above provisions, the DFSA may, at its sole discretion, direct that an Insurer which conducts Long-Term Insurance Business establish one or more Long-Term Insurance Funds in respect of its Long-Term Insurance Business or any part of such business. An Insurer shall establish one or more Long-Term Insurance Funds where so directed by the DFSA.

3.3

Attribution of contracts to a fund

3.3.1

All contracts of Long-Term Insurance effected by a DIFC Incorporated Insurer must be attributed to a Long-Term Insurance Fund.

3.3.2

All contracts of Long-Term Insurance effected by an Insurer that is not a DIFC Incorporated Insurer through an establishment in the DIFC must be attributed to a Long-Term Insurance Fund.

3.3.3

Except as allowed in Rule 3.3.4, an Insurer may not attribute General Insurance contracts to a Long-Term Insurance Fund.

3.3.4

An Insurer may attribute insurance contracts in General Insurance Class 1 or Class 2 to a Long-Term Insurance Fund.

3.4

Segregation of assets and liabilities

3.4.1

All assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in respect of a Contract of Insurance that is attributed to a Long-Term Insurance Fund must be recorded as assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of that Long-Term Insurance Fund.

3.4.2

An Insurer may at any time attribute any of its assets to a Long-Term Insurance Fund that were not previously attributed to such a Long-Term Insurance Fund.

Guidance

A transaction described in Rule 3.4.2 is sometimes described as a transfer of capital into the Long- Term Insurance Fund.

3.4.3

All revenues and expenses arising by way of earnings, revaluation or other change to the assets and liabilities of a Long-Term Insurance Fund must be recorded as revenues and expenses