, aggregated with the sum of the default risk component, investment volatility risk component and off-balance sheet asset risk component (so far as concerns that fund), in respect of the assets and off-balance sheet exposures comprising that investment exposure, exceeds 100% of that investment exposure, the concentration risk component in respect of that investment exposure must be reduced so that the total of the three components in respect of that investment exposure is equal to 100% of that investment exposure.

110

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

A8.9 Size factor component

Guidance

The effect of the size factor component is to provide a relatively higher capital requirement in respect of Long-Term Insurance Funds with smaller portfolios of Invested Assets. The provisions in this section apply the relevant provisions of section A 4.9 to each Long-Term Insurance Fund that an Insurer maintains.

A8.9.1 The base figure for the size factor component is determined by aggregating the

following components, for the Long-Term Insurance Fund:

(a)

the aggregate of the default components determined in accordance with section A 8.4, in respect of Invested Assets;

(b)

the investment volatility risk component determined in accordance with section A8.5; and

(c)

the concentration risk component determined in accordance with section A 8.8.

A8.9.2 An Insurer must calculate the size factor component in respect of Long-Term Insurance Fund by multiplying the base figure for that fund as determined in accordance with Rule A8.9.1 by the factor derived by applying the following formula, where x represents the total Invested Assets attributable to that fund, expressed in millions of dollars:

(a)

if x ≤ 100, the factor is 1.5;

(b)

if 100 < x ≤ 200, the factor is (150 + 0.5(x-100))/x;

(c)

if 200 < x ≤ 1,200, the factor is (200 – 0.2(x-200))/x; and

(d)

if x > 1,200, the factor is zero.

A8.10 Long-term insurance risk component

Guidance

The purpose of the Long-Term Insurance risk component is to require an Insurer to set aside capital to address the risk that the net present value of future Policy Benefits will vary from the amounts recorded as Long-Term Insurance Liabilities in the Insurer’s balance sheet. The provisions in this section apply the relevant provisions of section A4.12 to each Long-Term Insurance Fund that an Insurer maintains.

A8.10.1 An Insurer must calculate the Long-Term Insurance risk component in respect of a Long-Term Insurance Fund according to the method set out in section A4.12, applied as though all references in that section to an Insurer were instead references to that fund.

111

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

A8.11 Asset management risk component

Guidance

This section requires an Insurer to set aside capital in respect of assets that it manages. The provisions in this section apply the relevant provisions of section A4.13 to each Long-Term Insurance Fund that an Insurer maintains.

A8.11.1 An Insurer must calculate the asset management risk component in respect of a Long-Term Insurance Fund according to the method set out in section A4.13, applied as though all references in that section to an Insurer were instead references to that fund.

112

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

APP9 CALCULATION OF REQUIREMENT

DIFC

BUSINESS

RISK

CAPITAL

A9.1 Purpose and general provisions

A9.1.1 This appendix applies to all Insurers to which section 4.7 applies.

Guidance

1.

This appendix sets out the manner in which an Insurer that is not a DIFC Incorporated Insurer is required to calculate its DIFC Business Risk Capital Requirement. The basis of calculation is analogous to the basis of calculation of elements of the Minimum Capital Requirement for Insurers that are not Protected Cell Companies, as set out in App4.

2.

The DIFC Business Risk Capital Requirement is calculated with reference to the insurance activities of