 reporting system.

Guidance

The Returns and instructional guidelines are provided in App10, PRU and the DFSA’s electronic prudential reporting system.

The following Insurers are not required to prepare a Quarterly Regulatory Return unless required in writing by the DFSA to do so:

(a)

a Class 1 Captive Insurer; and

(b)

an Insurer that is a Protected Cell Company where every Cell maintained by the Insurer is a Captive Cell.

Audit of annual regulatory return

Subject to Rule 6.4.2, the Annual Regulatory Return of every Insurer must be audited in accordance with International Statements on Auditing relevant to the audit of the Annual Regulatory Return, by the Insurer’s auditor.

Guidance

The Quarterly Regulatory Return is not subject to audit. The qualifications and appointment of the auditor of an Authorised Firm are specified in GEN chapter 8.

The statements in the Annual Regulatory Return that are not subject to audit are set out in App10, PRU and the DFSA’s electronic prudential reporting system.

The report of the auditor on the Annual Regulatory Return must be made in writing to the directors of the Insurer and to the DFSA and must state whether, in the opinion of the Auditor and so far as concerns those parts of the Annual Regulatory Return that are subject to audit:

26

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

(a)

the Annual Regulatory Return has been prepared in accordance with this chapter;

(b)

the statements in the Annual Regulatory Return present fairly, in accordance with the basis of preparation prescribed in this chapter, the financial position of the Insurer as at the reporting date and financial performance of the Insurer during the reporting period ended on that date, and the other information required to be presented; and

(c)

the statements in the Annual Regulatory Return are in accordance with the books and records of the Insurer.

6.5

Submission of Returns to the DFSA

6.5.1

Subject to Rule 6.5.2, an Authorised Firm must, submit its Annual Regulatory Return to the DFSA within four months of the Insurer’s reporting date.

6.5.2

An Authorised Firm must, prepare and submit its Annual Regulatory Return in the following manner:

(a)

the Annual Regulatory Return, excepting the parts of the Annual Regulatory Return referred to in (b), must be submitted to the DFSA using the DFSA’s electronic prudential reporting system:

(i)

in accordance with any instructions set out in the notice and any instructions provided through such a system or specified in App10 and PRU; and

(ii)

within the period specified in Rule 6.5.1; and

(b)

the Statement by Directors need not be submitted to the DFSA, but must be signed and a copy maintained in accordance with Rules 6.5.3 and 6.5.4.

Guidance

The Returns and instructional guidelines are provided in App10, PRU and the DFSA’s electronic prudential reporting system.

6.5.3

The Statement by Directors forming part of the Annual Regulatory Return must be signed before the time of submission by:

(a)

the Senior Executive Officer; and

(b)

a Director of the Insurer not being the Person in (a).

6.5.4

An original signed hard copy of the Statement by Directors together with a copy of the Annual Regulatory Return submitted to the DFSA using the DFSA’s electronic prudential reporting system, must be kept for at least 6 years for inspection by the DFSA.

6.5.5 The auditor’s report on the Annual Regulatory Return, and any actuarial report prepared as at the reporting date in accordance with section 7.2 or 7.3, must be

27

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

submitted in writing by the Insurer with the DFSA within four months of the Insurer’s reporting date.

6.5.6

An auditor’s report or an actuarial report submitted to the DFSA must be signed by the auditor or the Actuary preparing that report.

6.5.7

Subject to Rule 6.5.8, an Authorised Firm must, submit its Quarterly Regulatory Return to the DFSA within one month of the end of each