

Guidance

1.

The purpose of the Long-Term Insurance risk component is to require an Insurer to set aside capital to address the risk that the net present value of future Policy Benefits will vary from the amounts recorded as Long-Term Insurance Liabilities in the Insurer’s balance sheet. The provisions in this section apply the relevant provisions of section A4.12 to the segments of a Protected Cell Company.

2.

As Insurance Business in Protected Cell Companies may only be carried on through Cells, every Insurer will have a Long-Term Insurance risk component of zero in respect of its Minimum Non-Cellular Capital Requirement.

A6.12.1 An Insurer must calculate the Long-Term Insurance risk component in respect of a segment according to the method set out in section A4.12, applied as though all references in that section to an Insurer were instead references to that segment.

A6.13 Asset management risk component

Guidance

This section requires an Insurer to set aside capital in respect of assets that it manages. This section applies the relevant provisions of section A4.13 to the segments of a Protected Cell Company.

A6.13.1 An Insurer must calculate the asset management risk component in respect of a segment according to the method set out in section A4.13, applied as though all references in that section to an Insurer were instead references to that segment.

APP7 CALCULATION OF ADJUSTED FUND CAPITAL RESOURCES

A7.1 Purpose and general provisions

A7.1.1 This appendix applies to all Insurers to which section 4.6 applies.

Guidance

1.

This appendix sets out the manner in which an Insurer is required to calculate the Adjusted Fund Capital Resources in respect of each Long-Term Insurance Fund it maintains. The calculation is analogous to that applicable to Insurers other than Protected Cell Companies, so that (except where changes are necessary to reflect structural differences) the capital of a Long-Term Insurance Fund is determined as though it was an Insurer subject to App3.

2.

The Adjusted Fund Capital Resources are calculated by making adjustments to the equity of the fund, as at the Solvency Reference Date.

A7.2 Adjusted fund capital resources

A7.2.1 An Insurer must calculate the Adjusted Fund Capital Resources in respect of each

Long-Term Insurance Fund maintained by it, according to the formula:

102

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

AFCR = AFE – FHCA

where:

AFCR means the Adjusted Fund Capital Resources in respect of the fund;

AFE means the adjusted fund equity in respect of that fund; and

FHCA means the fund hybrid capital adjustment in respect of that fund.

A7.2.2 Adjusted fund equity is calculated as set out in section A7.4. The fund hybrid

capital adjustment is set out in section A7.5.

A7.3 Base fund capital

A7.3.1 The commencement point for calculating the adjusted fund equity in respect of a Long-Term Insurance Fund maintained by an Insurer is the base fund capital.

A7.3.2 Subject to Rules A7.3.3, A7.3.4 and A7.3.5, the base fund capital in respect of a Long-Term Insurance Fund must consist of the following capital instruments and equity reserves of the Insurer, that are classified as capital instruments and equity reserves of the fund:

(a)

general reserves;

(b)

retained earnings;

(c)

amounts attributed to the Long-Term Insurance Fund by the Insurer in accordance with Rule 3.4.2;

(d)

in the case of a Takaful Insurer, amounts provided from the Owners’ Equity by loan to the Insurance Fund and not repaid as at the Solvency Reference Date;

(e)

current year’s earnings after tax; and

(f)

hybrid capital (as defined in Rule A7.5.1).

A7.3.3 Where an Insurer is not a DIFC Incorporated Insurer, base capital may include capital instruments and equity reserves that are approved in writing by the DFSA as equivalent to the capital instruments and equity reserves described in Rule A7.3.2.

A7.3.4 Owners’ Equity in a T