 Purpose and general provisions

A9.1.1 This appendix applies to all Insurers to which section 4.7 applies.

Guidance

1.

This appendix sets out the manner in which an Insurer that is not a DIFC Incorporated Insurer is required to calculate its DIFC Business Risk Capital Requirement. The basis of calculation is analogous to the basis of calculation of elements of the Minimum Capital Requirement for Insurers that are not Protected Cell Companies, as set out in App4.

2.

The DIFC Business Risk Capital Requirement is calculated with reference to the insurance activities of the Insurer, carried out through its establishment in the DIFC, without deduction for reinsurances.

A9.2 DIFC business risk capital requirement

A9.2.1 An Insurer must calculate its DIFC Business Risk Capital Requirement as the sum of the Insurer’s DIFC underwriting risk component, the Insurer’s DIFC reserving risk component and the Insurer’s DIFC Long-Term Insurance risk component.

A9.2.2

In calculating the DIFC Business Risk Capital Requirement:

(a)

no account must be taken of Contracts of Insurance effected by the Insurer, other than through an establishment in the DIFC; and

(b)

no account must be taken of contracts of reinsurance entered into by the Insurer as cedant, regardless of where those contracts of reinsurance were entered into.

A9.3 DIFC underwriting risk component

Guidance

The DIFC underwriting risk component requires an Insurer to demonstrate the availability of capital to address the risk that the cost of claims on Contracts of Insurance entered into as Insurer through an establishment in the DIFC will vary from the cost implicit in the premiums being charged.

A9.3.1 An Insurer must calculate its DIFC underwriting risk component according to the method set out in section A4.10, subject to the modifications set out in Rules A9.2.2(a) and (b).

113

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

A9.4 DIFC reserving risk component

Guidance

The DIFC reserving risk component requires an Insurer to demonstrate the availability of capital to address the risk that the cost of claims in respect of contracts entered into as Insurer through an establishment in the DIFC will vary from the amounts recorded as liabilities in the Insurer’s balance sheet.

A9.4.1 An Insurer must calculate its DIFC reserving risk component according to the method set out in section A4.11, subject to the modifications set out in Rules 9.2.2(a) and (b).

A9.5 DIFC long-term insurance risk component

A9.5.1 An Insurer must calculate its DIFC Long-Term Insurance risk component according to the method set out in section A4.12, subject to the modifications set out in Rules 9.2.2(a) and (b).

114

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

APP10 REPORTING TO THE DFSA

A10.1 Purpose and general provisions

A10.1.1 This appendix applies to all Insurers.

A10.1.2 In this appendix and the forms, unless the term ‘Annual Regulatory Return’ or ‘Quarterly Regulatory Return’ is used, the term ‘Return’ includes both of those Returns.

Guidance

1.

The form and content of the Returns differs according to the characteristics of the Insurer.

2.

General requirements relating to the recognition and measurement of assets and liabilities are dealt with in PIN chapter 5.

3.

The Returns are provided in PRU.

4.

This appendix sets out some matters relating to content and presentation of the information contained in the Returns. Further guidance in relation to the preparation and submission of the Returns is provided in PRU and the DFSA’s electronic prudential reporting system.

A10.2 Completion of forms for global, cell, fund and DIFC business

reporting units

Guidance

Separate Returns are completed for Insurers’ entire business, and for those parts of the business that are subject to separate capital adequacy requirements, namely Cells, Long-Term Insurance Funds