 far as they relate to that Cell or Long-Term Insurance Fund.

9.3.6

An Insurer that has provided a written run-off plan to the DFSA must monitor the matters contained in the run-off plan and must notify the DFSA promptly and in writing of any significant departure from the run-off plan.

Guidance

An Insurer should decide whether a matter constitutes a significant departure from a run-off plan, having regard to the nature and size of the matter and its materiality relative to the size and complexity of the Insurer and, where relevant, the size and complexity of the Cell or Long-Term Insurance Fund concerned. The following matters will normally be considered as representing a significant departure from a run-off plan:

a.

significant revision of the Insurer’s strategy for managing risks, and in particular its strategy for the use of reinsurance;

b.

a significant deterioration in the Insurer’s claims experience, financial position or solvency position (the amount by which the Insurer’s capital resources, determined in accordance with the provisions of chapter 4 relevant to that Insurer, exceed the applicable minimum capital requirements set out in that chapter); or

c.

any other transaction or circumstance that is likely to have a material effect upon the Insurer’s solvency position.

9.3.7 Where an Insurer has notified a matter to the DFSA in accordance with Rule 9.3.6, the DFSA may by notice in writing require the Insurer to provide an amended run-off plan. The Insurer must provide an amended run-off plan within 28 days of receipt of the notice, unless the notice specifies a longer period.

9.4

Requirements for collateral for insurers in run-off

Guidance

This section contains provisions that enable the DFSA to require an Insurer that is in run-off or going into run-off to post collateral assets or make equivalent arrangements by letter of credit, to support the Insurance Liabilities and Minimum Capital Requirements applicable to the Insurer. In considering

44

PIN/VER18/04-23

9.4.1

9.4.2

9.4.3

9.4.4

9.4.5

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

whether to exercise the powers in this section, the DFSA will have regard to the circumstances of the Insurer and the interests of policyholders.

This section applies only to an Insurer that:

(a)

is in run-off as regards its entire Insurance Business or the entire Insurance Business of a Cell or Long-Term Insurance Fund;

(b)

has provided a notice to the DFSA in accordance with Rule 9.2.2 in respect of its entire Insurance Business or the entire Insurance Business of a Cell or Long-Term Insurance Fund; or

(c)

has received a written notice from the DFSA withdrawing the Insurer’s permission to effect Contracts of Insurance in respect of its entire Insurance Business or the entire Insurance Business of a Cell or Long- Term Insurance Fund.

The DFSA may, by written notice (referred to in this chapter as a ‘collateral notice’) require an Insurer to make available assets:

(a)

of a type and in a manner described in Rule 9.4.6; and

(b)

having a value, determined in accordance with the provisions of chapter 5, of the lower of:

(i)

the amount, if any, specified in the notice; and

(ii)

the amount determined in accordance with Rule 9.4.5.

An insurer must comply with the requirements of a collateral notice within the period (if any) specified in the notice, or within two months of the date of the notice, whichever is the longer.

The DFSA may at any time, by written notice to the Insurer, vary or revoke a collateral notice issued under Rule 9.4.2.

The amount referred to in Rule 9.4.2(b)(ii) is calculated as follows:

(a)

in the case of an Insurer that is not a DIFC Incorporated Insurer, the amount of the assets that the Insurer is required by Rule 4.7.2 to make available;

(b)

in the case of a Cell of an Insurer, the sum of the following two amounts:

(i)

the Insurance Liabilities attributable to that Cell; and

(ii)

the Minimum Cellular Capital Requirement applicable to that Cell