 any goodwill, patents, service rights, brands and any other intangible items that are Cellular Assets;

(i)

the amount of any Zakah or charity fund of a Takaful Insurer;

(j)

the amount of any operating assets, including inventories, plant and equipment, and vehicles, that are Cellular Assets; and

(k)

the amount of any other Cellular Assets that may not be applied to meet Cellular Liabilities of that Cell.

A5.8.4 Rule A5.8.3(l) does not require an Insurer to exclude Cellular Assets attributable to

a Long-Term Insurance Fund maintained by the Insurer.

92

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

A5.9 Non-cellular capital adjustment

A5.9.1 Where an Insurer that is a Protected Cell Company is organised such that Non- Cellular Assets may be used to meet Cellular Liabilities of a Cell, the Insurer may determine a non-cellular capital adjustment in respect of that Cell.

Guidance

The purpose of the non-cellular capital adjustment is to permit an Insurer to allocate all or part of its Adjusted Non-Cellular Capital Resources to support the Adjusted Cellular Capital Resources of its Cells. The adjustment is limited to the amount of Adjusted Non-Cellular Capital Resources that could be made available to meet Cellular Liabilities.

A5.9.2 The amount of the non-cellular capital adjustment in respect of a Cell is an amount

selected by the Insurer, subject to the following constraints:

(a)

the non-cellular capital adjustment in respect of a Cell must not be negative;

(b)

the non-cellular capital adjustment in respect of a Cell must not exceed the amount that could be made available to meet the liabilities of that Cell in the event of insolvency of the Insurer, after taking into consideration all other potential calls on the Insurer’s Adjusted Non-Cellular Capital Resources; and

(c)

the sum of the non-cellular capital adjustments in respect of all Cells must not exceed the amount that could be made available to meet the Cellular Liabilities in the event of insolvency of the Insurer, after taking into consideration all other potential calls on the Insurer’s Adjusted Non- Cellular Capital Resources.

A5.10 Hybrid cellular capital adjustment

Guidance

1.

This section acts to limit hybrid cellular capital to 15% of an Insurer’s adjusted cellular equity in respect of a Cell.

2.

The purpose of the hybrid cellular capital adjustment is to limit the extent to which an Insurer may rely for its Adjusted Cellular Capital Resources in respect of a Cell on instruments that do not or may not constitute permanent capital of that Cell. Such instruments include share capital contributed by an investor where the investor’s investment in the Cell is financed by debt rather than by the investor’s own capital.

A5.10.1 Subject to Rule A5.10.2, hybrid cellular capital includes the following items:

(a)

subordinated debt;

(b)

preference shares;

(c)

Owners’ Equity in a Takaful Insurer, of the type described in Rule A5.7.2; and

93

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

(d)

Cell shares issued by a Cell to an investor who stands in the position of a Holding Company in relation to the Cell, and whose own paid-up ordinary share capital, taken together with its general reserves, is lower than that of the Cell.

A5.10.2 Hybrid cellular capital excludes any instrument that is not attributable to a Cell.

A5.10.3 Subject to Rule A5.10.4, an Insurer must calculate the hybrid cellular capital adjustment in respect of a Cell as the amount by which the total amount of hybrid cellular capital exceeds 15% of adjusted non-cellular equity.

A5.10.4 The DFSA may at its discretion and on the application of an Insurer, permit that Insurer to apply Rule A5.10.3 as though the figure of 15% was replaced with a higher figure approved in writing by the DFSA. The approved figure may not be more than the actual percentage which the hybrid cellular capital represents of adjusted cellular equity, and may not in any case exceed 30%.

APP6 CALCULATION OF MINIMUM NON-CELLULAR CAPITAL CAPITAL