PV's auditors and arrangements for claims handling, and any material outsourcing agreements. The DFSA will also need information about the structure of any Group of which the ISPV is a member;

e.

no credit will be allowed for a contract of reinsurance with an ISPV unless there is an effective transfer of risk to the ISPV. The DFSA will require evidence that the contract of reinsurance and the extent of the credit that the Insurer proposes to take for it satisfy the risk transfer principle; and

f.

the DFSA will also expect to receive an analysis of the potential for risk to revert to the Insurer or any of its associates under realistic adverse scenarios or for liabilities to arise in respect of the risks transferred for which no provision has been made.

24

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

6

FINANCIAL AND OTHER REPORTING BY INSURERS

6.1

Introduction

6.1.1

This chapter applies to all Insurers.

Guidance

6.2

Annual regulatory return

6.2.1

An Insurer must, at the end of each reporting period, prepare an Annual Regulatory Return.

6.2.2

The Annual Regulatory Return must comprise the statements set out in App10, together with any Supplementary Notes pertaining to those forms, and including a Statement by Directors.

6.2.3

The form and content of the statements comprising the Annual Regulatory Return (including the Statement by Directors) is set out in App10, PRU and the DFSA’s electronic prudential reporting system.

Guidance

The Returns and instructional guidelines are provided in App10, PRU and the DFSA’s electronic prudential reporting system.

6.2.4 Where an Insurer includes in its Annual Regulatory Return a value for General Insurance Liabilities or for assets associated with those liabilities which is inconsistent with the Actuary’s estimate referred to in Rule 7.2.4 (b), the Insurer must notify the DFSA in writing of:

(a)

the reasons for not including the Actuary’s estimate in its Annual Regulatory Return; and

(b)

details of the alternative assumptions and methodologies used for determining the value it has included in the return.

6.2.5 Where an Insurer includes in its Annual Regulatory Return a value for Long-Term Insurance Liabilities which is inconsistent with the Actuary’s estimate referred to in Rule 7.3.6 (e), the Insurer must notify the DFSA in writing of;

(a)

the reasons for not including the Actuary’s estimate in its Annual Regulatory Return; and

(b)

details of the alternative assumptions and methods used by the Insurer for determining the value it has included in the return.

25

PIN/VER18/04-23

6.3

6.3.1

6.3.2

6.3.3

6.3.4

6.4

6.4.1

6.4.2

6.4.3

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

Quarterly regulatory return

Guidance

The Quarterly Regulatory Return is not subject to audit.

Subject to Rule 6.3.4, an Insurer must, at the end of March, June, September and December in each year, prepare a Quarterly Regulatory Return in respect of the period commencing at the start of the Insurer’s reporting period and ending on that date.

The Quarterly Regulatory Return must comprise the statements set out in App10, together with any Supplementary Notes pertaining to those forms, and including a Statement by Directors.

The form and content of the statements comprising the Quarterly Regulatory Return (including the Statement by Directors) are set out in App10, PRU and the DFSA’s electronic prudential reporting system.

Guidance

The Returns and instructional guidelines are provided in App10, PRU and the DFSA’s electronic prudential reporting system.

The following Insurers are not required to prepare a Quarterly Regulatory Return unless required in writing by the DFSA to do so:

(a)

a Class 1 Captive Insurer; and

(b)

an Insurer that is a Protected Cell Company where every Cell maintained by the Insurer is a Captive Cell.

Audit of annual regulatory return

Subject to Rule 6.4.2, the Annual Regulatory Return of every Insurer must be