urer, that it is satisfied that the Insurer’s Group is the subject of consolidated prudential supervision by an appropriate regulator; or

(c)

except where the DFSA has directed the inclusion of an entity pursuant to Rule 8.1.2(1), the percentage of total assets of Authorised Firms and Financial Institutions in the Financial Group is less than 40% of the total Financial Group assets.

(2)

Where an Insurer has received confirmation in writing from the DFSA in accordance with (1)(b), it must immediately advise the DFSA in writing if the circumstances upon which the confirmation was based change.

8.3.2 Where a Financial Group contains both Insurers and Authorised Firms subject to the requirements in PIB Module, the DFSA shall determine which of the sectoral rules in section 8.3 and PIB section 7.3 shall apply in respect of the group.

Guidance

1.

The objective of Rule 8.3.1(1)(a) is to avoid the necessity for multiple reporting of group capital adequacy.

37

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

2. Where a Financial Group includes both Insurers and entities subject to PIB, it is necessary to determine whether the Financial Group supervision applicable to the Financial Group should be that set out in PIN section 8.3 or PIB section 7.3. Normally, the DFSA will exercise its power under Rule 8.3.2 based on the relative size of the assets of the Financial Institutions undertaking Insurance Business (representing the insurance sector) and the assets of other Authorised Firms and Financial Institutions (representing a combined non-insurance sector). Pure holding companies will be excluded as being in neither sector. The Rules that will apply will be those of the sector with the larger total assets of the two. However, where the ratio of the assets of the two sectors differs by less than 1.5:1, the DFSA will consider a request from the Authorised Firms in the Financial Group to apply the sectoral rules applicable to the smaller of the two sectors.

8.3.3 An Insurer must ensure at all times that its Financial Group Capital Resources, as calculated in Rule 8.3.5, are equal to or in excess of its Financial Group Capital Requirement as calculated in Rule 8.3.4.

Guidance

If an Insurer breaches Rule 8.3.3, the DFSA will take into account the full circumstances of the case including any remedial steps taken by another regulator or the Authorised Firm, in determining what action it will take.

Financial group capital requirement

8.3.4

(1)

An Insurer must calculate its Financial Group Capital Requirement as the sum of the entity requirements calculated in accordance with (2) and (3);

(2)

Entity requirements for this purpose are:

(a)

an Authorised Firm's Capital Requirement or Minimum Capital Requirement calculated in accordance with the requirements of whichever of the PIB or PIN Module applies to that Authorised Firm;

(b)

in the case of regulated entities supervised by a regulator other than the DFSA, then, with the written agreement of the DFSA, the capital requirement of that entity; and

(c)

for other entities in the Financial Group, a notional capital requirement calculated as directed by the DFSA .

(3)

Where an Authorised Firm's Financial Group includes an entity under (c) of the definition of Financial Group in the GLO Module, that Financial Institution's capital requirement is included on a proportionate basis.

Financial group capital resources

8.3.5

(1)

An Insurer must calculate its Financial Group Capital Resources by applying either of the following methods, excluding those amounts referred to in Rule 8.3.6:

(a)

the accounting consolidation method which calculates the Adjusted Capital Resources of the Financial Group based on the Financial Group's consolidated financial statements; or

(b)

the aggregation method, which is the sum of:

38

PIN/VER18/04-23

PRUDENTIAL – INSURANCE BUSINESS (PIN)

(i)

the Adjusted Capital Resources of the Parent of the Financial Group;

(ii)

subject to (3), the Adjusted Capital Resources calculated in accordance with the PIN Module, or the Capital Resources calculated in accordance with the PIB module,