 A Recognised Body must submit to the DFSA an annual report in accordance

with Rule 3.5.2 within four months of its financial year end.

3.5.2 A Recognised Body’s annual report must include:

(a)

a copy of its annual report and accounts, including any consolidated annual report and accounts of any Group of which the Recognised Body is a member;

(b)

notwithstanding Rule 3.4.4(a), confirmation that the Recognised Body has satisfied the Recognition Criteria throughout the previous 12 months and is continuing to satisfy the Recognition Criteria; and

(c)

if the Recognised Body has not satisfied the Recognition Criteria in any respect, an explanation of why the Recognised Body failed to satisfy the Recognition Criteria and what actions it is taking to satisfy the Recognition Criteria.

Guidance

The annual report may be submitted to the DFSA in either hard copy or electronic form.

3.6 Communication with and notification to the DFSA

3.6.1 A Recognised Person must deal with the DFSA in an open and co-operative

manner.

Guidance

GEN section 6.10 sets out Rules about how information is to be provided to the DFSA.

3.6.2 A Recognised Person must ensure that any communication with the DFSA is

conducted in the English language.

7

REC/VER13/05-24

RECOGNITION (REC)

4

REMOVAL FROM THE LIST OF RECOGNISED PERSONS

4.1 Application

4.1.1 This chapter applies to every Recognised Person except to the extent that a

provision provides for a narrower application.

4.2 Removal from the

list of Recognised Persons at the

Recognised Body’s request

4.2.1 A Recognised Body which requests to have its name removed from the list of

Recognised Persons must submit such request in writing stating:

(a)

the reasons for the request;

(b)

that it has ceased or will cease to offer access to its facilities to Persons located in the DIFC;

(c)

the date on which it ceased or will cease to offer access to its facilities to Persons located in the DIFC; and

(e)

that it has discharged, or will discharge, all obligations owed to Persons located in the DIFC.

4.3 Removal from the

list of Recognised Persons at the

Recognised Member’s request

4.3.1

If a Recognised Member wishes to have its name removed from the list of Recognised Persons it must submit a request in writing stating:

(a)

the reasons for the request;

(b)

(c)

that it is no longer a Member of an Authorised Market Institution or will no longer be a Member of Authorised Market Institution; the date on which its membership was terminated or will be terminated; and

(d)

that it has discharged, or will discharge, all obligations owed to any Person in the DIFC which have arisen as a result of its recognised status.

8

REC/VER13/05-24

RECOGNITION (REC)

4.4 Removal from the list of Recognised Persons by the DFSA

Guidance

1.

Where, pursuant to Article 37(7) of the Law, the DFSA removes a Person from its list of Recognised Persons, the DFSA will generally only do so if:

a.

the Recognised Person is in breach of, or has otherwise been in breach of, the Law or Rules or other legislation administered by the DFSA;

b.

the Recognised Person is failing, has failed, or is likely to fail, to satisfy the Recognition Criteria;

c.

the Recognised Person requests to have its name removed from the list of Recognised Persons; or

d.

the DFSA considers that the exercise of the power is otherwise necessary or desirable in the pursuit of its objectives.

2.

For the avoidance of doubt, the DFSA may remove a Person from the list of Recognised Persons in circumstances where such Person continues to meet the Recognition Criteria. This may include where the DFSA considers it necessary or desirable in the pursuit of its objectives to prevent damage to the reputation of the DIFC or to protect direct or indirect users of the financial services industry in the DIFC.

3.

If the DFSA proposes to remove a Person from its list of Recognised Persons, it is required under Article 