 apply to Recognised Persons:

Module

Applicable chapters

General (GEN) Enforcement (ENF)

1 and 6 All chapters

5.

The Regulatory Policy and Process Sourcebook (RPP) may also be relevant to Recognised Persons.

1

REC/VER13/05-24

RECOGNITION (REC)

2

ADMISSION TO THE LIST OF RECOGNISED PERSONS

2.1 Application

2.1.1 This chapter applies to every Recognised Person except to the extent that a

provision provides for a narrower application.

2.2 Recognition as a recognised person

Guidance

1.

The DFSA may only admit a Person to its list of Recognised Persons if it appears to the DFSA that such Person satisfies and will continue to satisfy the Recognition Criteria.

2.

An applicant, or potential applicant for Recognition is advised to contact the DFSA to discuss their application at the earliest possible opportunity prior to the submission of any written documentation.

2.2.1 An applicant to be a Recognised Person must submit a written application to the DFSA demonstrating how the applicant satisfies or intends to satisfy the relevant Recognition Criteria at the date of Recognition and on an ongoing basis.

Guidance

A written application should also set out the basic general information relating to an applicant for a Recognised Person, including:

a.

its name;

b.

any business name or trading name it intends to use in the DIFC, if different to (a);

c.

the address of its registered office and head office; and

d.

the name of the Authorised Market Institution or ATS Operator upon which it is applying for membership.

2.2.2

In assessing an application for Recognition the DFSA may:

(a)

carry out any enquiries which it considers appropriate including enquiries independent of the applicant;

(b)

require the applicant to submit such additional information as the DFSA may reasonably require;

(c)

require any information submitted by the applicant to be verified in such manner as the DFSA may specify; and

(d)

take appropriate in relation to the applicant.

into account any

information which

the DFSA considers

2

REC/VER13/05-24

RECOGNITION (REC)

2.2.3

If an applicant becomes aware of a material change in circumstances that is reasonably likely to be relevant to an application which is under consideration by the DFSA, it must inform the DFSA of the change in writing, without delay.

2.3 Determination of applications and references

Guidance

Determination of applications

1.

Where the DFSA recognises a Person pursuant to Article 37 of the Law, it will include such person in its list of Recognised Persons.

References

2.

If the DFSA proposes to refuse an application for Recognition it is required under Article 37(9) of the Law to comply with the procedures in schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law.

3.

If the DFSA decides to refuse an application for Recognition, the applicant may refer the matter to the FMT for review under Article 37(10) of the Law.

4.

Under Article 29 of the Regulatory Law, a Person who commences a reference to the FMT, must do so within 30 days of the notification of the relevant decision.

5.

The form of submission that a reference must take is specified in the rules of procedures of the FMT.

2.4 Recognition criteria for recognised bodies

2.4.1 For the purposes of Article 37(6) of the Law the Recognition Criteria for a

Recognised Body are that:

(a)

it is licensed or otherwise authorised to operate an exchange, clearing house or alternative trading system in a jurisdiction acceptable to the DFSA;

(b)

it is regulated by a Financial Services Regulator to a standard satisfactory to the DFSA;

(c)

the law and practice under which the Recognised Body is licensed or otherwise authorised is broadly equivalent to the DFSA’s regulatory regime as it applies to a DIFC Exchange;

(d)

adequate arrangements exist, or will exist for co-operation between the DFSA and the Financial Services Regulator responsible for the Recognised Body’s licensing and regulation.

(e)

it has its head and registered offices outside of the DIFC; and

(f)

it operates to a standard which would reasonably satisfy the Licensing Requirements for Authorised Market Institutions set out in AMI.

3

REC/VER13