 granting, modification, variation, withdrawal or revocation of, licensing, recognition or authorisation in any jurisdiction outside the DIFC to the extent that the relevant licensing, recognition or authorisation relates to operating an exchange, clearing house or alternative trading system.

3.4.2 A Recognised Member must notify the DFSA immediately upon the granting, modification, variation, withdrawal or revocation of membership of an exchange, clearing house or alternative trading system, including membership of an Authorised Market Institution.

3.4.3 A Recognised Person must provide the DFSA with a copy of any information provided to any Financial Services Regulator to which the Recognised Person is subject and which is relevant to its status as a Recognised Person.

3.4.4 Notwithstanding Rules 3.4.1 to 3.4.3, a Recognised Person must notify the DFSA

as soon as possible of:

5

REC/VER13/05-24

3.4.5

RECOGNITION (REC)

(a)

anything which causes or may cause it to fail to satisfy the Recognition Criteria;

(b)

it becoming aware that a Financial Services Regulator has started an investigation into the affairs of the Recognised Person;

(c)

the appointment of inspectors, howsoever named, by a Financial Services Regulator to investigate or manage the affairs of the Recognised Person;

(d)

the imposition of disciplinary measures or disciplinary sanctions on the Recognised Person by any Financial Services Regulator; or

(e)

any significant event or anything else relating to the Recognised Person of which the DFSA would reasonably expect to be notified.

Guidance

1.

The DFSA does not require notification from a Recognised Person, for the purposes of Rule 3.4.2(b) or (c), where the activities of the Financial Services Regulator are part of a routine or regular inspection or audit of the affairs of the Recognised Person.

2.

Events which may cause a Recognised Person to be unable to meet the Recognition Criteria include significant changes to any relevant laws or regulations in its home jurisdiction, which:

a.

govern exchanges, clearing houses or alternative trading systems;

b.

are designed to prevent market abuse or money laundering;

c.

affect the ability of a Recognised Body to seek information from its users;

d.

affect the ability of a Recognised Person to provide information to the DFSA; or

e.

requires significant changes to a Recognised Body’s organisation, structure or practices.

Suspected Market Abuse

(1)

A Recognised Member must notify the DFSA immediately if it:

(a) receives an order from a Client, or arranges or executes a

transaction with or for a Client; and

(b) has reasonable grounds to suspect that the order or transaction

may constitute Market Abuse.

(2)

The notification under (1) must specify:

(a) sufficient details of the order or transaction; and

(b) the reasons for the Recognised Member suspecting that the order

or transaction may constitute Market Abuse.

(3)

A Recognised Member must not inform the Client, or any other Person involved in the order or transaction, of a notification under this Rule.

6

REC/VER13/05-24

RECOGNITION (REC)

Guidance

1. Recognised Members should note that conduct which occurs outside the DIFC is only Market Abuse under Part 6 of the Markets Law (and therefore subject to the notification requirement in Rule 3.4.5) if it affects DIFC markets or users of DIFC markets.

2. Further Guidance on the requirement to notify the DFSA of suspected Market Abuse can be found after GEN Rule 11.10.12A (the equivalent requirement for an Authorised Firm).

3.5 Annual report

3.5.1 A Recognised Body must submit to the DFSA an annual report in accordance

with Rule 3.5.2 within four months of its financial year end.

3.5.2 A Recognised Body’s annual report must include:

(a)

a copy of its annual report and accounts, including any consolidated annual report and accounts of any Group of which the Recognised Body is a member;

(b)

notwithstanding Rule 3.4.4(a), confirmation that the Recognised Body has satisfied the Recognition Criteria throughout the previous 12 months and is continuing to satisfy the Recognition Criteria; and

