 the Regulator.

8.4.2 For the purposes of this section, a "liquidity incentive scheme" means an arrangement designed to provide liquidity to the market in relation to Investments traded on the MTF or OTF.

8.4.3 Where an MTF Operator or OTF Operator proposes to introduce or amend a liquidity incentive scheme, it must lodge with the Regulator, at least ten days before the date by which it expects to obtain the Regulator approval, a statement setting out:

(a)

the details of the relevant scheme, including benefits to the MTF or OTF and members arising from that scheme; and

(b)

the date on which the scheme is intended to become operative.

60

COBS VER19.290725

8.4.4 The Regulator must within ten days of receiving the notification referred to in 8.4.3, approve a proposed liquidity incentive scheme unless it has reasonable grounds to believe that the introduction of the scheme would be detrimental to the MTF or OTF or to markets in general. Where the Regulator does not approve the proposed liquidity incentive scheme, it must notify the MTF Operator or OTF Operator of its objections to the introduction of the proposed liquidity incentive scheme, and its reasons for that decision.

8.4.5 An MTF Operator or OTF Operator must sufficiently prior to launch, to enable any interested parties to participate in it, announce the introduction of the liquidity incentive scheme, specify the date on which the scheme becomes operative and the contracts to which it relates.

8.5

Rules Applicable to MTF Operators

8.5.1 The following rules shall not apply to MTF Operators in respect of transactions concluded

under the MTF’s rules between:

(a)

its members or participants; or

(b)

the MTF and its members or participants in relation to the use of the MTF:

(i)

Rule 3.4 (Suitability);

(ii)

Rule 6.5 (Best Execution);

(iii)

Rule 6.7 (Aggregation and Allocation); and

(iv)

Rule 12 (Key Information and Client Agreement),

except that members of, or participants in, the MTF must comply with such obligations with respect to their Clients when, acting on behalf of their Clients, they execute their orders through the systems of the MTF.

8.5.2 MTF Operators may not execute Client orders against proprietary capital, or engage in

matched principal trading.

8.6

Rules Applicable to OTF Operators

8.6.1 An OTF Operator may:

(a)

operate an OTF for Derivatives, Debentures, Structured Products, Environmental Instruments, and other investments as specified by the Regulator; and

(b)

engage in Dealing as Matched Principal trading in the investments referred to in (a) only where the Client has, or all its Clients have, consented to the process.

8.6.2 An OTF Operator must not use matched principal trading to execute Client orders in an OTF in Derivatives pertaining to a class of derivatives that has been declared subject to the Clearing obligation in accordance with the Regulations.

61

COBS VER19.290725

8.6.3 OTF Operators may engage in dealing on own account other than matched principal trading only with regard to sovereign debt instruments for which there is not a liquid market.

8.6.4 OTF Operators may engage another Authorised Person to carry out market making on that OTF on an independent basis, provided that such other Authorised Person does not have Close Links with the OTF Operator.

8.6.5 Execution of orders on an OTF must be carried out on a discretionary basis.

8.6.6 An OTF Operator must exercise discretion only in the following circumstances:

(a)

when deciding to place or retract an order on the OTF they operate; and/or

(b)

when deciding not to match a specific Client order with other orders available in the systems at a given time, provided it is in compliance with specific instructions received from a Client and with its "best execution" obligations in accordance with these Rules.

8.6.7 With a system that crosses Client orders, the OTF Operator may decide if, when and how much of two or more orders it wants to match within the system. With regard to a system that arranges transactions in non-equities, the OTF Operator