.

14.13.5 Following a Pooling Event, an Authorised Person must liquidate all Collateral held by the Authorised Person and distribute Client Money in the following order of priorities:

(a)

first, in relation to Client Money held in a Client Account, or Client Money that should be held in a Client Account, claims relating to that Money must be paid to each Client for whom Money was placed, or intended to be placed, in that Client Account, in full or, where insufficient funds are held in the Client Account, proportionately, in accordance with each Client’s valid claim over that Money;

(b)

second, upon satisfaction of all claims in (a), in the event of:

(i)

the appointment of a liquidator, receiver or administrator, or trustee in bankruptcy over the Authorised Person, payment must be made in accordance with the Insolvency Regulations; or

(ii)

all other Pooling Events where no liquidator, receiver or administrator has been appointed in respect of the Authorised Person, payment must be made in accordance with the direction of the Regulator.

14.13.6 Where, after the Failure of an Authorised Person, the amount of Client Money in a Client Account is insufficient to satisfy the claims of all Clients in full in respect of that Money, or not being immediately available to satisfy such claims, a Client may claim for any shortfall against all other Money held by the Authorised Person in its own account. For that claim, the Client will be an unsecured creditor of the Authorised Person.

95

COBS VER19.290725

Guidance

1. This section seeks to facilitate the timely return of Client Money to Clients in the event of the Failure of an Authorised Person or a Third-Party Agent at which the Authorised Person holds Client Money.

2. A Pooling Event triggers a notional pooling of all Client Money in every type of Client Account, and the obligation to distribute it in accordance with Rule 14.13.5. In such event, Clients for whom Money was placed into a specific Client Account will only be entitled to a claim against Money held in such account, and not in any other account. Money held in one Client Account may not be used to fund shortfalls of Money which may exist in respect of other Client Accounts.

3. Following a Pooling Event, an Authorised Person must use the balance in each Client Account to satisfy claims of Deemed Trust beneficiaries made in accordance with Rule 14.12. To the extent that following the Failure of the Authorised Person there remains a shortfall with which to satisfy claims of Clients for whom Money had been held by the Authorised Person, the Authorised Person is liable to fund such shortfall from its own Money.

4. When Client Money is transferred to a Third-Party Agent, an Authorised Person continues to owe a fiduciary duty to the Client. However, an Authorised Person will not be held responsible for a shortfall in Client Money arising from the Failure of the Third-Party Agent if it has complied with those duties by showing proper care and complying with Rules 14.6 and 14.7.

5. Relevant Money held by an Authorised Person conducting Payment Services must be treated in the same manner as Client Money pursuant to the Client Money Distribution Rules, in terms of its segregation for the purposes of distribution to Payment Service Users following a Pooling Event. Distribution of Relevant Money subject to a Deemed Trust is intended to occur either in accordance with the balances in the respective Payment Accounts of Payment Service Users, or alternatively to be used for the purpose of redemption of Stored Value held by Payment Service Users. SAFE CUSTODY RULES

5. Relevant Money held by an Authorised Person conducting Payment Services must be treated in the same manner as Client Money pursuant to the Client Money Distribution Rules, in terms of its segregation for the purposes of distribution to Payment Service Users following a Pooling Event. Distribution of Relevant Money subject to a Deemed Trust is intended to occur either in accordance with the balances in the respective Payment Accounts of Payment Service Users, or alternatively to be used for the purpose of redemption of Stored Value held by Payment Service Users. SAFE CUSTODY RULES

15.1 Application

15.1.1 Subject to Rule 15.1.2, this chapter applies to Authorised Persons holding or controlling Client Investments, including Authorised Persons which are engaged in the Regulated Activity of Providing Custody.

