 financing proposal for publication on a Private Financing Platform;

(i)

the methodology of, and limitations to, the due diligence undertaken by the PFP Operator concerning each PFP Prospect identified on the Private Financing Platform, in accordance with Rule 18.4.1;

(j)

the governance and operational arrangements of any Body Corporate used as an intermediary between a PFP Client and any PFP Prospect;

(k)

the details of the exit facility, if any, that the PFP Operator offers upon the Private Financing Platform, in accordance with Rule 18.8; and

(l)

any other relevant information concerning the roles or obligations of the PFP Operator that a PFP Client should be aware of.

18.5.2 A PFP Operator must ensure that the information published in accordance with Rule 18.5.1 is updated to reflect material changes and notice of such material change is provided to PFP Clients within a reasonable timeframe following such change.

18.6 Client Assets

18.6.1 A PFP Operator that holds Client Assets must:

(a)

engage the services of an Eligible Custodian; or

(b)

comply with the Client Money Rules and Safe Custody Rules.

18.6.2 Any Body Corporate established by the PFP Operator for use as an intermediary to hold

Client Assets must be domiciled in ADGM.

18.7 Record keeping

18.7.1 A PFP Operator must, for a minimum of six years, maintain and keep a record of:

(a)

all disclosures made in accordance with Rules 18.5.1 and 18.5.2;

119

COBS VER19.290725

(b)

all documentation between PFP Client(s), any Body Corporate established by the PFP Operator to facilitate a transaction, and the PFP Prospect; and

(c)

the due diligence undertaken in accordance with Rule 18.4.1.

18.8 Exit facility

18.8.1 A PFP Operator may offer a facility on its Private Financing Platform enabling PFP Clients to market and sell Specified Investments relating to PFP Prospects to other PFP Clients (the ‘exit facility’).

18.8.2 A PFP Operator offering an exit facility on a Private Financing Platform must provide the

following information to its PFP Clients:

(a)

information concerning the operation of, and restriction of access to, the exit facility feature;

(b)

a statement that any Specified Investment acquired through the exit facility remains subject to the restrictions concerning Exempt Offers from the ADGM;

(c)

the identity of any PFP Client marketing any Specified Investment through the exit facility to other PFP Clients; and

(d)

access to all historical disclosures made available to PFP Clients in respect of each financing proposal, in accordance with Rules 18.5.1 and 18.5.2.

18.8.3 A PFP Operator, that offers an exit facility on a Private Financing Platform, must not:

(a)

permit any person other than a PFP Client to offer, purchase or sell any Specified Investment through the exit facility ;

(b)

charge any Fee, levy or commission in exchange for access to the exit facility or any transaction performed through it;

(c)

provide advice to, nor make arrangements on behalf of, any PFP Client entering into a transaction with another PFP Client through the exit facility;

(d)

act as, nor employ the services of a third party to act as, a market-maker in order to provide liquidity to the exit facility; or

(e)

engage in clearing services in relation to transactions between PFP Clients conducted through the exit facility.

19.

PAYMENT SERVICES

19.1 Application

19.1.1 Chapter 19 of these Rules applies to Payment Service Providers.

120

COBS VER19.290725

Guidance

1.

Payment Service Providers are distinct from other Authorised Persons undertaking the Regulated Activity of Providing Money Services as they offer to their customers one or more of Payment Accounts, Payment Instruments and Stored Value.

2.

Payment Service Users are not considered to be Clients of Payment Service Providers insofar as Chapter 19 does not distinguish between Retail Clients and Professional Clients in relation to the conduct of Payment Services so Chapter 2 does not therefore apply to Payment Services Providers.

3.

Chapters 14 and 16 are applicable to the safekeeping of Relevant Money by Payment Service Providers, being either Money retained in the Payment Account of