GM Climate Transition Portfolio if it complies with the ADGM Green Portfolio Rules or the ADGM Climate Transition Portfolio Rules, as applicable, and if the Investment Manager has obtained the relevant approval from the Regulator for an ADGM Green Portfolio Designation or ADGM Climate Transition Portfolio Designation respectively.

3. A Model Portfolio that follows an environmentally-conscious investment mandate is not required to become an ADGM Green Portfolio or an ADGM Climate Transition Portfolio. However, only those Model Portfolios which have obtained the relevant in related designation may use such terminology and designation marks documentation and promotional materials. ADGM Green Portfolios

3.8.2 An ADGM Green Portfolio must meet:

(a)

The Green Portfolio Investment Requirement; and

(b)

The Green Portfolio Attestation Requirement.

The Green Portfolio Investment Requirement

3.8.3 The Discretionary Portfolio Management Agreement of an ADGM Green Portfolio must restrict investments to predominantly Eligible Green Portfolio Assets and restrict investment in assets that are inconsistent with the overall green objectives of the mandate. This requirement is referred to in these Rules as the “Green Portfolio Investment Requirement”.

22

COBS VER19.290725

Guidance

1. The Green Portfolio Investment Requirement will not be considered to be breached if the Model Portfolio assets include cash or other liquid assets held temporarily pending investment or reinvestment.

3.8.4 An asset is an Eligible Green Portfolio Asset if it is:

(a)

considered environmentally sustainable or equivalent under an Acceptable Green Taxonomy, provided that only one Acceptable Green Taxonomy is used by an ADGM Green Portfolio; or

(b)

included in or otherwise tracks an EU Paris Aligned Benchmark.

3.8.5 The Authorised Person which acts as the Investment Manager of an ADGM Green Portfolio must keep records of the due diligence process it has undertaken to confirm that Eligible Green Portfolio Assets meet the criteria in Rule 3.8.4 at the time of acquisition and on an ongoing basis.

Guidance

1. The Green Portfolio Investment Requirement may be met by assets comprising Eligible Green Portfolio Assets under Rule 3.8.4(a) or under Rule 3.8.4(b), or combination of both.

2. Eligible Green Portfolio Assets may track or be included in one or more EU Paris Aligned Benchmarks. For example, they may track or include securities from multiple EU Paris Aligned Benchmarks.

3. The Regulator considers an Acceptable Green Taxonomy to be one which uses credible and independent accreditation standards published by a governmental body or a reputable industry association and made publicly available to allow determination of which economic activities are environmentally sustainable. Examples of green taxonomies that are considered Acceptable Green Taxonomies include: a.

3. The Regulator considers an Acceptable Green Taxonomy to be one which uses credible and independent accreditation standards published by a governmental body or a reputable industry association and made publicly available to allow determination of which economic activities are environmentally sustainable. Examples of green taxonomies that are considered Acceptable Green Taxonomies include: The EU Green Taxonomy;

b.

The ASEAN Taxonomy for Sustainable Finance; and

The Common Principles for Climate Mitigation Finance Tracking.

The Green Porftolio Attestation Requirement

3.8.6 The Authorised Person acting as Investment Manager of an ADGM Green Portfolio must appoint a third party to attest to its compliance with the Green Portfolio Investment Requirement on an ongoing basis and at least annually. This requirement only applies to that portion of the Eligible Green Portfolio Assets that is invested in assets aligned with an Acceptable Green Taxonomy in accordance with Rule 3.8.4(a). This requirement is referred to as the “Green Portfolio Attestation Requirement”.

23

COBS VER19.290725

Guidance

1. Under Rule 3.8.6, the Green Portfolio Attestation Requirement does not apply to Eligible Green Portfolio Assets which are included in or otherwise track an EU Paris Aligned Benchmark in accordance with Rule 3.8.4(b).

2. An ADGM Green Portfolio comprised of Eligible Green Portfolio Assets under both Rules 3.8.4(a) and (b) is required to obtain attestation in relation to the assets invested in under Rule 3.8.4(a) only.

3.8.7 An Authorised Person must, prior to the appointment of a third party to provide an attestation under Rule 3.8.6