 those agreements;

(b)

the value, on a cost price basis, of the goods and services received by the Authorised Person under Soft Dollar Agreements, expressed as a percentage of the total Commission paid by or at the direction of:

(i)

the Authorised Person; or

(ii)

other members of the Authorised Person's Group;

20

COBS VER19.290725

(c)

a summary of the nature of the goods and services received by the Authorised Person under the Soft Dollar Agreements; and

(d)

the total Commission paid from the portfolio of that Client.

3.6.6 The information in Rule 3.6.5 must be provided to that Client at least once a year, covering

the period since the Authorised Person last reported to that Client.

3.7

Record Keeping

3.7.1 An Authorised Person must, for a minimum of six years, maintain sufficient records in relation to each activity and function of the Authorised Person. These must include, where applicable, the following:

(a)

any Marketing Material issued by, or on behalf of, the Authorised Person;

(b)

any Financial Instruments provided to or Regulated Activities carried out for the benefit of a Client and each advice or recommendation made to a Client;

(c)

documents regarding Client classification under Chapter 2;

(d)

a record of each Client Agreement including any subsequent amendments to it as agreed with the Client;

(e)

records relating to the suitability assessment undertaken by the Authorised Person to demonstrate compliance with these Rules;

(f)

records to demonstrate compliance with the requirements relating to inducements, including any disclosure made to Clients under that rule and if any goods and services are received by the Authorised Person under a Soft Dollar Agreement, the details relating to those agreements;

(g)

financial promotions under Schedule 2 of FSMR; and

(h)

any other disclosures made to Clients.

3.7.2 For the purposes of Rule 3.7.1, the six year period commences:

(a)

in the case of the requirement in Rule 3.7.1(a), from the date on which the Marketing Material was last provided to a Person;

(b)

in the case of the requirement in Rule 3.7.1(b) to Rule 3.7.1(d), from the date the Client ceases to be a Client of the Authorised Person;

(c)

in the case of the requirement in Rule 3.7.1(e), from the date on which the relevant inducements were last received; and

(d)

in the case of the requirement in Rule 3.7.1(g), from the date on which the relevant financial promotion was made.

21

COBS VER19.290725

3.8

ADGM Green Portfolios and ADGM Climate Transition Portfolios

Application

3.8.1 The Rules in this section apply to an Authorised Person that acts as an Investment Manager and enters into a Discretionary Portfolio Management Agreement with a Retail Client on the basis that the Model Portfolio being offered is an ADGM Green Portfolio or an ADGM Climate Transition Portfolio. Rules 3.8.2 to 3.8.9 are referred to as the “ADGM Green Portfolio Rules” and Rules 3.8.10 to 3.8.18 are referred to as the “ADGM Climate Transition Portfolio Rules”.

Guidance

1. The Rules in this section do not apply to an Authorised Person that enters into a Discretionary Portfolio Management Agreement with a Professional Client. A Model Portfolio offered only to Professional Clients that follows an environmentally- conscious investment mandate may not be promoted as an ADGM Green Portfolio or ADGM Climate Transition Portfolio.

2. A Model Portfolio offered to a Retail Client may only be referred to as an ADGM Green Portfolio or ADGM Climate Transition Portfolio if it complies with the ADGM Green Portfolio Rules or the ADGM Climate Transition Portfolio Rules, as applicable, and if the Investment Manager has obtained the relevant approval from the Regulator for an ADGM Green Portfolio Designation or ADGM Climate Transition Portfolio Designation respectively.

3. A Model Portfolio that follows an environmentally-conscious investment mandate is not required to become an ADGM Green Portfolio or an ADGM Climate Transition Portfolio. However, only those Model Portfolios which have obtained the relevant in related designation may use such terminology and designation marks documentation and promotional materials. ADGM Green Port