 the purposes of distribution to Payment Service Users following a Pooling Event. Distribution of Relevant Money subject to a Deemed Trust is intended to occur either in accordance with the balances in the respective Payment Accounts of Payment Service Users, or alternatively to be used for the purpose of redemption of Stored Value held by Payment Service Users. SAFE CUSTODY RULES

15.1 Application

15.1.1 Subject to Rule 15.1.2, this chapter applies to Authorised Persons holding or controlling Client Investments, including Authorised Persons which are engaged in the Regulated Activity of Providing Custody.

15.1.2 This chapter does not apply to Fund Managers, who are subject to the provisions of

section 15.3 and Appendix A1.3 of the Fund Rules.

96

COBS VER19.290725

Guidance

1. The provisions of this chapter are referred to as the Safe Custody Rules and Client Investments held or controlled in accordance with the Safe Custody Rules are referred to as Safe Custody Assets.

2. As the scope of the Regulated Activity of Providing Custody excludes safekeeping of Money, Authorised Persons which hold or control Client Money are subject to chapter 14.

3. In accordance with Rule 17.2.1, Authorised Persons which Provide Custody in respect of Virtual Assets are restricted to safekeeping Accepted Virtual Assets only, and are also subject to the requirements set out in chapter 17.

15.1.3 This chapter applies to Authorised Persons engaged in Issuing a Fiat-Referenced Token

in respect of all Reserve Investments.

15.1.4 Unless otherwise expressly stated in this chapter, Reserve Investments must be

considered Safe Custody Assets for the purposes of these Rules.

15.2 General Requirements

15.2.1 The provisions of this chapter are referred to as the Safe Custody Rules.

15.2.2 An Authorised Person must:

(a)

comply with the Safe Custody Rules; and

(b)

have adequate systems and controls in place to be able to evidence compliance with the Safe Custody Rules.

15.3 Recording, Registration and Holding Requirements

15.3.1 An Authorised Person which Provides Custody, holds or controls Client Investments or holds Reserve Investments must ensure that Safe Custody Assets are recorded, registered and held in an appropriate manner to safeguard and control such property.

15.3.2 Subject to Rule 15.4.1, an Authorised Person which Provides Custody, holds Client Investments or holds Reserve Investments must record, register and hold Safe Custody Assets separately from its own Investments.

15.3.3 Where the Authorised Person controls Safe Custody Assets by holding a mandate, or similar authority over an account established in the Client’s own name with a third party, its systems and controls must.

(a)

include a current list of all such mandates and any conditions placed by the Client or by the Authorised Person on the use of the Mandate;

(b)

include the details of the procedures and authorities for the giving and receiving of instructions under the Mandate;

97

COBS VER19.290725

(c)

ensure that all instructions relating to Transactions entered into using such a mandate are recorded and are within the scope of the authority of the Employee and the Authorised Person under the mandate.

15.4 Client Accounts in relation to Client Investments

15.4.1 An Authorised Person which holds Client Investments or Reserve Investments must register or record all Safe Custody Assets in an account that is a Client Account, which, in the case of an Authorised Person holding Reserve Investments, must be a segregated Reserve Account.

15.4.2 For the purposes of the Safe Custody Rules, a Reserve Account or a Client Account is an

account which:

(a)

is established with an Authorised Person which is authorised under its Financial Services Permission to Provide Custody or a Third-Party Agent outside ADGM to hold Client Investments or Reserve Investments;

(b)

is maintained in the name of:

(i)

if an Authorised Person is a Domestic Firm, the Authorised Person or a Nominee Company;

(ii)

if an Authorised Person is a Branch, a Nominee Company controlled by the Authorised Person; or

(iii)

in the name of the Client, unless the Client is an Authorised Person, in which case Safe Custody Assets held in the Client Account must be registered in the name