 fair analysis of the market.

7.5.4

If Rule 7.5.3(b) or 7.5.3(c) applies, the Insurance Intermediary must, if requested by the Retail Client, provide to that Client a list of insurers with whom it deals or may deal in relation to the relevant Contracts of Insurance.

7.5.5 An Insurance Intermediary must, before providing any Insurance Intermediation service to a Client, disclose to that Client whether it acts on behalf of an insurer or any other Person or acts independently on behalf of Clients.

7.5.6 An Insurance Intermediary must not represent itself as providing advice or information on the basis of a fair analysis of the market unless it has considered a sufficiently broad range of Contracts of Insurance and based its decision on an adequate analysis of those contracts.

7.6

Disclosure of Costs and Remuneration

7.6.1 An Insurer, Insurance Intermediary or Insurance Manager must provide details of the costs of each Contract of Insurance or Insurance Intermediation service or Insurance Management service offered to a Client. The disclosure required by this Rule must include any premiums, fees, charges or taxes payable by the Client, whether or not these are payable to the Authorised Person. The disclosure must be made in terms readily understandable by the Client, taking into account the knowledge held by that Client in relation to the type of insurance in question.

7.6.2 An Insurer or Insurance Intermediary must, where any premium is payable through a Credit Facility made available to a Retail Client, disclose any interest, profit rate or charges payable by the Client for using that facility.

7.6.3 An Insurer, Insurance Intermediary or Insurance Manager must ensure that it does not impose any new costs, Fees or charges without first disclosing the amount and the purpose of those charges to the Client.

51

COBS VER19.290725

7.6.4 An Insurer, Insurance Intermediary or Insurance Manager must, on the request of any Client, disclose to that Client all commissions and other economic benefits accruing to the Authorised Person or any member of the same Group from:

(a)

any Insurance Intermediation business;

(b)

any Insurance Management business; or

(c)

any other business connected to or related to the provision of such business;

transacted by the Authorised Person on behalf of that Client.

7.6.5 The requirement to disclose the information under Rule 7.6.4 does not apply where an Insurance Intermediary acts solely on behalf of a single insurer, and this fact has been disclosed to the Client.

7.7

Information about the Proposed Insurance

7.7.1 An Insurer or Insurance Intermediary must provide adequate

in a comprehensive and timely manner to enable a Client to make an informed decision about the Contract of Insurance that is being proposed.

information

7.7.2 Without limiting the generality of the disclosure obligation under Rules 7.5 and 7.6, an Insurer or Insurance Intermediary must, for the purpose of complying with the obligation under that section:

(a)

provide to a Client information about the key features of any insurance proposed including the essential cover and benefits, any significant or unusual restrictions, exclusions, conditions or obligations, and the applicable period of cover; and

(b)

explain, except where the insurance cover is sourced from a single insurer, the differences in and the relative costs of similar types of insurance as proposed.

7.7.3 When deciding to what extent it is appropriate to explain the terms and conditions of a particular insurance the Insurer or Insurance Intermediary must take into consideration the knowledge held by the Client in relation to the type of insurance in question.

7.7.4 Specific Disclosure for Long-Term Insurance

Where an Insurer or an Insurance Intermediary proposes Direct Long-Term Insurance to a Retail Client, the disclosure for the purposes of this section must include:

(a)

the method of calculation of any bonuses;

(b)

an indication of surrender values and paid-up values, and the extent to which any such values are guaranteed;

(c)

for unit-linked insurance contracts, definition of the units to which they are linked, and a description of the underlying assets;

(d)

the basis of any projections included in the information; and

52

COBS VER19.290725

(e)

any facts that