 place or retract an order on the OTF they operate; and/or

(b)

when deciding not to match a specific Client order with other orders available in the systems at a given time, provided it is in compliance with specific instructions received from a Client and with its "best execution" obligations in accordance with these Rules.

8.6.7 With a system that crosses Client orders, the OTF Operator may decide if, when and how much of two or more orders it wants to match within the system. With regard to a system that arranges transactions in non-equities, the OTF Operator may facilitate negotiation between Clients so as to bring together two or more potentially compatible trading interests in a transaction.

8.6.8 OTF Operators must, on request, provide the Regulator with a detailed explanation why the system does not correspond to and cannot operate as a Recognised Investment Exchange or MTF, a detailed description as to how discretion will be exercised, in particular when an order to the OTF may be retracted and when and how two or more Client orders will be matched within the OTF. In addition, the OTF Operator must provide the Regulator with information explaining its use of matched principal trading.

9.

CORE RULES – OPERATING A CREDIT RATING AGENCY

9.1

Application

9.1.1 This chapter applies to every Person who carries on, or intends to carry on, the Regulated

Activity of Operating a Credit Rating Agency in or from the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

9.1.2 For the purposes of this chapter:

(a)

a Regulated Activity of Operating a Credit Rating Agency means undertaking one or more activities that involve data and information analysis relating to a Credit Rating or the evaluation, approval, issue or review of a Credit Rating;

(b)

a Credit Rating is an opinion expressed using an established and defined ranking system of rating categories regarding the creditworthiness of a Rating Subject;

(c)

a Rating Subject means a Person other than a natural person, a credit commitment or a debt or debt-like instrument; and

62

COBS VER19.290725

(d)

where a reference is made to a Rating Subject which is a credit commitment, a debt or a debt-like Investment, that reference is to be read, where the context requires, as a reference to the Person responsible for obtaining the Credit Rating.

9.1.3 This chapter contains the specific conduct requirements that apply to Persons carrying

on the Regulated Activity of Operating a Credit Rating Agency.

Guidance

1.

Not all Rating Subjects are bodies corporate. For example, Credit Ratings can be provided in respect of a credit commitment given by a Person, or a debt or debt- like Investment. In such instances, where a Rule in this chapter requires the Rating Subject to carry out some activity, such a reference is to be read as a reference to the Person who is responsible for obtaining the Credit Rating. Such a Person would generally be the originator, arranger or Sponsor of the relevant financial product which is being rated. The Credit Rating Agency should clearly identify the Person responsible for a Rating Subject before proceeding with its Credit Rating activities relating to that Rating Subject.

2.

However, there is no restriction against more than one Person being identified as Persons responsible for obtaining a Credit Rating relating to a Rating Subject. In such cases, a Credit Rating Agency should clearly identify those Persons as responsible Persons relating to the relevant Rating Subject.

9.2

Quality of the rating process

9.2.1 A Credit Rating Agency must adopt, implement and enforce written procedures to ensure that the opinions it disseminates are based on a thorough analysis of all information known to the Credit Rating Agency that is relevant to its analysis according to the Credit Rating Agency's published rating methodology.

9.2.2 A Credit Rating Agency must use rating methodologies that are rigorous, systematic, and, where possible, result in ratings that can be subjected to some form of objective validation based on historical experience.

9.2.3

In assessing an issuer's creditworthiness, analysts involved in the preparation or review of any rating action must use methodologies established by the Credit Rating Agency. Analysts must apply a given methodology in a consistent manner, as determined by the Credit Rating Agency.

9.2.4 Credit ratings must be assigned by the Credit Rating Agency and not by any individual analyst employed by the Credit Rating Agency; ratings must reflect all information known, and believed to be