aka or other forms of Investments that are intended to earn profit or return for the investor;

(b)

rendering other services related to Insurance Business operations including, but not limited to, actuarial, risk assessment, loss prevention, safety engineering, data processing, accounting, claims handling, loss assessment, appraisal and collection services;

(c)

acting as agent for another insurer in respect of Contracts of Insurance in which both Insurers participate; and

(d)

establishing Subsidiaries or Associates engaged or organised to engage exclusively in one or more of the businesses specified above.

49

COBS VER19.290725

3. The regulator may give individual guidance on other business activities that may be determined to be in direct connection with Insurance Business.

7.3

Communication of Information and Marketing Material

7.3.1 General Obligation

(a)

When communicating any information in relation to Insurance Business, Insurance Intermediation or Insurance Management to a Person, an Authorised Person must take reasonable steps to ensure that the communication is clear, fair and not misleading.

(b)

An Insurer, Insurance Intermediary or Insurance Manager must not, in any form of communication with a Person, attempt to limit or avoid any duty or liability it may have to that Person under FSMR.

(c)

An Insurer or Insurance Intermediary must, when providing or directing Marketing Material to a Retail Client, comply with the requirements in Rule 3.2, if the Marketing Material relates to a Direct Long-Term Insurance Contract.

Guidance

A communication addressed to a Professional Client may not need to include the same information, or be presented in the same way as, a communication addressed to a Retail Client.

7.4

Client's Duty of Disclosure

7.4.1 An Insurer or Insurance Intermediary must explain to a Client:

(a)

the Client's duty to disclose all circumstances material to the insurance both before the insurance commences and during the continuance of the policy; and

(b)

the consequence of any failure by the Client to make such disclosures.

7.4.2 An Insurance Intermediary must explain to a Client that all answers or statements given on a proposal form, claim form or any other relevant document are the Client's own responsibility and that the Client is responsible for checking the accuracy of such information.

7.4.3

If an Insurance Intermediary believes that any disclosure of material facts by a Client is not true, fair or complete, it must request the Client to make the necessary true, fair or complete disclosure, and if this is not forthcoming must consider declining to continue acting on that Client's behalf.

7.5

Authorised Person's Duty of Disclosure

7.5.1 An Insurer or Insurance Intermediary must disclose to a Client:

(a)

the name and address of the insurer or insurers effecting the Contract of Insurance;

50

COBS VER19.290725

(b)

its own name and address where different; and

(c)

contact details of the Person to whom a claim is to be notified.

7.5.2 The disclosures in Rule 7.5.1 must be made before effecting or placing the Contract of

Insurance, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.

7.5.3 An Insurance Intermediary must, before providing any Insurance Intermediation service to a Person as a Retail Client, disclose whether any advice or information is or will:

(a)

be provided on the basis of a fair analysis of the market;

(b)

not be provided on the basis of a fair analysis of the market because of any contractual agreement it has with any particular insurer or insurers to deal with only their products; or

(c)

even if there are no contractual agreements of the type referred to in Rule 7.5.3(b), not be provided on the basis of a fair analysis of the market.

7.5.4

If Rule 7.5.3(b) or 7.5.3(c) applies, the Insurance Intermediary must, if requested by the Retail Client, provide to that Client a list of insurers with whom it deals or may deal in relation to the relevant Contracts of Insurance.

7.5.5 An Insurance Intermediary must, before providing any Insurance Intermediation service to a Client, disclose to that Client whether it acts on behalf of an insurer or any other Person or acts independently on behalf of Clients.

7