 be forwarded to the third party within one day of receipt;

(e)

Cash received under a Title Transfer Collateral Agreement from a Professional Client; or

(f)

Fund Property.

14.3.2 Where the Authorised Person holds a mandate, or similar authority over an account

established in the Client’s own name with a third party, its systems and controls must:

(a)

include a current list of all such mandates and any conditions placed by the Client or by the Authorised Person on the use of the mandate;

85

COBS VER19.290725

(b)

include the details of the procedures and authorities for the giving and receiving of instructions under the mandate; and

(c)

ensure that all instructions related to Transactions entered into using such a mandate are recorded and are within the scope of the authority of the Employee and the Authorised Person under the mandate.

Guidance

1. All Money held or controlled by a Payment Service Provider on behalf of a Payment Service User in the course of carrying on of Payment Services is Relevant Money from the time of its receipt, except Money which is due and payable to the Authorised Person from the Payment Service User. Chapter 19 contains additional specific provisions relating to the handling of Relevant Money.

2. Pursuant to Rule 15.11.A.1, an Authorised Person may not enter into a Title Transfer Collateral Agreement with a Retail Client.

14.4 Payment of Client Money into Client Accounts

14.4.1 Where an Authorised Person holds or controls Client Money it must ensure, except where otherwise provided in these Rules, that the Client Money is paid into a Client Account within one day of receipt.

14.4.2 An Authorised Person must have procedures for identifying Client Money received by the Authorised Person, and for promptly recording the receipt of the Money either in the books of account or a register for later posting to and recording in the Client Account. The procedures must cover Client Money received by the Authorised Person through any means.

14.4.3 Where an Authorised Person is aware that a Person may make a payment of Client Money

to the Authorised Person, it must take reasonable steps:

(a)

to ensure that the Person has sufficient information of the relevant account details to be able to transfer Client Money directly to a Client Account; and

(b)

to ensure that the Authorised Person is notified of such payment as soon as reasonably practicable.

14.4.4 An Authorised Person must maintain systems and controls for identifying Money which must not be in a Client Account and for transferring it out of the Client Account without delay.

14.4.5 An Authorised Person must not hold or deposit its own Money into a Client Account,

except where:

(a)

it is a minimum sum required to open the account or to keep it open;

(b)

the Money is received by way of mixed remittance, provided that Money owed to the Authorised Person is transferred out of the Client Account within one day of the day upon which the payment to the Authorised Person was due and payable;

86

COBS VER19.290725

(c)

interest credited to the account exceeds the amount payable to Clients, provided that the Money is removed within twenty days; or

(d)

it is to meet a shortfall in Client Money.

14.4.6 Where an Authorised Person deposits any Money into a Client Account, such Money is

Client Money until such time as:

(a)

if it is Client Money, the Client Money is withdrawn from the Client Account in accordance with the Client Money Rules; or

(b)

if it is Relevant Money, the Relevant Money is withdrawn from the Client Account in accordance with Chapter 19.

Guidance

1. For the purposes of Rule 14.4.1, the Regulator would consider one day to expire at the close of business on the next business day.

2. Regardless of what time during the day the Client Money was received by the Authorised Person, an Authorised Person which remits all Client Money to the Client or as the Client may direct within one day is not obligated to maintain a Client Money Account.

3. An Authorised Person may establish separate Client Accounts for individual Clients, a single Client Account where Client Money is pooled, or both.

4. Whenever possible the Authorised Person should seek to split a mixed remittance before crediting the Client Account.

5. An Authorised Person holding or controlling Relevant Money in connection