 respect to any Transaction which:

(i)

it undertakes with a Professional Client which is a Market Counterparty;

(ii)

it carries out for the purposes of managing a Fund of which it is the Fund Manager; or

(iii)

is an Execution-Only Transaction.

(b)

Where an Authorised Person undertakes an Execution-Only Transaction with or for a Client, the Authorised Person is not relieved from providing best execution

40

COBS VER19.290725

in respect of any aspect of that Transaction which lies outside the Client's specific instructions.

6.5.2 Providing Best Execution

When an Authorised Person agrees, or decides in the exercise of its discretion, to Execute any Transaction with or for a Client in an Investment, it must provide best execution.

Guidance

An Authorised Person provides best execution if it takes reasonable care to determine the best execution available for that Investment under the prevailing market conditions and deals at a price and other conditions which are no less advantageous to that Client.

6.5.3 Requirements

In determining whether an Authorised Person has taken reasonable care to provide the best overall price for a Client in accordance with Rule 6.5.2 the Regulator will have regard to whether an Authorised Person has:

(a)

discounted any fees and charges previously disclosed to the Client;

(b)

not taken a Mark-up or Mark-down from the price at which it Executed the Transaction, unless this is disclosed to the Client; and

(c)

had regard to price competition or the availability of a range of price sources for the execution of its Clients' Transactions. In the case where the Authorised Person has access to prices of different Recognised Investment Exchanges, Remote Investment Exchanges, MTFs or OTFs or its own available proprietary prices, it must Execute the Transaction at the best overall price available having considered other relevant factors.

6.5.4

If another Person is responsible for the execution of a Transaction, an Authorised Person may rely on that Person to provide best execution where that Person has undertaken to provide best execution in accordance with this section.

6.5.5 When determining best execution, an Authorised Person must consider the direct costs and indirect costs and the relevant order type and size, clearing and settlement arrangements and costs, margin costs, third-party Fees and timing of a Client's order and its settlement that could affect decisions on when, where and how to trade.

6.6

Non-market Price Transactions

6.6.1 General Prohibition

Except in relation to:

(a)

a non-market price Transaction subject to the Rules of a Recognised Investment Exchange or Remote Investment Exchange; or

41

COBS VER19.290725

(b)

Fund Investment Managers pursuing a strategy that involves the buying, selling or holding of securities that are not publicly listed or traded or readily saleable,

an Authorised Person must not enter into a non-market price Transaction in any capacity, with or for a Client, unless it has taken reasonable steps to ensure that the Transaction is not being entered into by the Client for an improper purpose.

Guidance

1.

A non-market price Transaction is a Transaction where the dealing rate or price paid by the Authorised Person or its Client differs from the prevailing market rate or price (after taking into account all costs) to a material extent or the Authorised Person or its Client gives materially more or less in value than it receives in return.

2.

Authorised Persons must undertake transactions at the prevailing market price. Failure to do this may result in an Authorised Person participating, whether deliberately or unknowingly, in the concealment of a profit or loss, or in the perpetration of a fraud.

6.7

Aggregation and Allocation

6.7.1 Application

The Rules in this section do not apply to an Authorised Person with respect to any Transaction which:

(a)

it undertakes with a Professional Client which is Market Counterparty; or

(b)

it carries out for the purposes of managing a Fund of which it is the Fund Manager.

6.7.2 Aggregation of Orders

An Authorised Person may aggregate an order for a Client with an order for other Clients or with an order for its own account only where:

(a)

it is unlikely that the aggregation will operate to the disadvantage of any of the Clients whose Transactions have been aggregated;

(b)

the Authorised Person has disclosed in writing to the Client that his order may be aggregated