 is authorised under its Financial Services Permission to Provide Custody or a Third-Party Agent outside ADGM to hold Client Investments or Reserve Investments;

(b)

is maintained in the name of:

(i)

if an Authorised Person is a Domestic Firm, the Authorised Person or a Nominee Company;

(ii)

if an Authorised Person is a Branch, a Nominee Company controlled by the Authorised Person; or

(iii)

in the name of the Client, unless the Client is an Authorised Person, in which case Safe Custody Assets held in the Client Account must be registered in the name of the Client of that Authorised Person; and

(c)

includes the words “Client Account” in its title, unless it is a Reserve Account, in which case the words “Reserve Account” must be included in its title.

15.4.3 An Authorised Person must maintain a current master list of all Client Accounts or

Reserve Accounts, as applicable.

(a)

The master list must detail:

(i)

the name of each account;

(ii)

each account number;

(iii)

the custodian, sub-custodian or depository (if the Authorised Person itself is not Providing Custody);

(iv)

whether the account is currently open or closed; and

(v)

the date of opening or closure.

(b)

The details of the master list must be documented and maintained for a minimum period of six years following the closure of an account.

98

COBS VER19.290725

15.4.4 An Authorised Person must not use a Client's Safe Custody Assets for its own purpose or

that of another Person without that Client's prior written permission.

15.4.5 An Authorised Person which intends to use a Client's Safe Custody Assets for its own purpose or that of another Person, must have systems and controls in place to ensure that:

(a)

it obtains that Client's prior written permission;

(b)

adequate records are maintained to protect Safe Custody Assets which are applied as collateral or used for stock lending activities;

(c)

the equivalent assets are returned to the Client Account of the Client; and

(d)

the Client is not disadvantaged by the use of his Safe Custody Assets.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Person may record, register or hold a Client's Investment in a Client Account solely for that Client. Alternatively, an Authorised Person may choose to pool that Client's Investment in a Client Account containing Investments of more than one Client.

2.

The purpose of recording, registering or holding Investments in a Client Account is to ensure that Investments belonging to Clients are readily identifiable from Investments belonging to the Authorised Person such that, following a Pooling Event, any subsequent distribution of Investments may be made in proportion to each Client's valid claim over those Investments.

3.

For the purposes of Rule 15.4.4, the Regulator would consider the use of Virtual Assets for the purpose of “staking” to be use for the purposes of the Authorised Person.

15.4.6 Unless permitted in accordance with Chapter 19A, an Authorised Person must not use

Reserve Investments for its own purposes in any circumstances.

15.5 Holding or Arranging Custody with Third-Party Agents

15.5.1 Before an Authorised Person places a Safe Custody Asset with a Third-Party Agent or

Arranges Custody through a Third-Party Agent, it must:

(a)

undertake an assessment of that Third-Party Agent and have concluded on reasonable grounds that the Third-Party Agent is suitable to hold those Safe Custody Assets;

(b)

have systems and controls in place to ensure that the Third-Party Agent remains suitable; and

(c)

ensure that the Third-Party Agent will provide protections equivalent to the protections conferred in this section.

99

COBS VER19.290725

15.5.2 An Authorised Person must be able to demonstrate to the Regulator's satisfaction the grounds upon which the Authorised Person considers the Third-Party Agent to be suitable to hold Safe Custody Assets.

15.5.3 For the purposes of a Client Account established in accordance with the Safe Custody Rules, a Third-Party Agent is a Financial Institution which may be a bank, custodian, an intermediate broker, a settlement agent, a clearing house, an exchange or an “over-the- counter” counterparty acting in the capacity of third