 next business day.

2. Regardless of what time during the day the Client Money was received by the Authorised Person, an Authorised Person which remits all Client Money to the Client or as the Client may direct within one day is not obligated to maintain a Client Money Account.

3. An Authorised Person may establish separate Client Accounts for individual Clients, a single Client Account where Client Money is pooled, or both.

4. Whenever possible the Authorised Person should seek to split a mixed remittance before crediting the Client Account.

5. An Authorised Person holding or controlling Relevant Money in connection with the conduct of Payment Services is expected to identify, record and reconcile such amounts in accordance with the requirements of Chapter 19.

14.5 Exceptions to holding Client Money in Client Accounts

14.5.1 The requirement for an Authorised Person to hold Client Money in a Client Account does

not, subject to Rule 14.5.2, apply with respect to such Client Money:

(a)

received in the form of cheque, or other payable order, until the Authorised Person, or a Person or account controlled by the Authorised Person, is in receipt of the proceeds of that cheque;

(b)

temporarily held by an Authorised Person before forwarding to the Client or a Person nominated by the Client; or

(c)

in connection with a Delivery Versus Payment Transaction where:

(i)

in respect of a Client purchase, Client Money from the Client will be due to the Authorised Person within one day upon the fulfilment of a delivery obligation; or

87

COBS VER19.290725

(ii)

in respect of a Client sale, Client Money will be due to the Client within one day following the Client's fulfilment of a delivery obligation.

14.5.2 An Authorised Person must pay Client Money received by it of the type described in 14.5.1(b) or (c) into a Client Account where the Authorised Person has not fulfilled its delivery or payment obligation within three days of receipt of the Money or the Investments, unless, in the case of the Client’s sale of Investments, the Authorised Person instead safeguards equivalent Client Investments at least equal to the value of such Client Money.

14.5.3 An Authorised Person must maintain adequate records of all cheques and payment orders received in accordance with Rule 14.5.1(a) including, in respect of each payment:

(a)

The date of receipt;

(b)

The name of the Client for whom payment is to be credited; and

(c)

The date when the cheque or payment order was presented to the Authorised Person’s Third-Party Agent.

14.5.4 The records referred to in Rule 14.5.3 must be kept for a minimum of six years.

14.5.5 Rules 14.5.1 to 14.5.3 do not apply to Authorised Persons holding Relevant Money.

Guidance

1. An Authorised Person holding Relevant Money must maintain Relevant Money in a Payment Account in compliance with Chapter 19.

2. In accordance with Rule 15.11.A.2 Money received under the Title Transfer Collateral Agreement from a Professional Client is not Client Money.

14.6 Client Accounts

14.6.1 A Client Account is an account which:

(a)

is held with a Third-Party Agent, pursuant to Rule 14.7;

(b)

is established to hold Client Money;

(c)

is maintained in the name of:

(i)

if a Domestic Firm, the Authorised Person; or

(ii)

if a non-Domestic Firm, a Nominee Company controlled by the Authorised Person.

14.6.2 An Authorised Person must maintain a master list of all Client Accounts. The master list

must detail:

(a)

the name of the account;

88

COBS VER19.290725

(b)

the account number;

(c)

the location of the account;

(d)

the bank, its address and contact information;

(e)

the account terms and conditions;

(f)

whether the account is currently open or closed; and

(g)

the date of opening or closure.

14.6.3 The details of the master list referred to in Rule 14.6.2 must be maintained for at least six

years following the closure of a Client Account.

14.7 Appointment of Third-Party Agent to hold Client Accounts

14.7