.10.1 An Authorised Person which has issued a Fiat-Referenced Token must perform an

annual audit of:

(a)

the composition and valuation of Reserve Investments; and

(b)

the Authorised Person’s internal controls and compliance arrangements in relation to the Rules governing the management of Reserve Investments.

19A.10.2 The audit required in accordance with Rule 19A.10.1 must be performed by an independent external auditor approved by the Regulator. The results of such audit must be addressed to the Authorised Person and the Regulator and be submitted by the Authorised Person to the Regulator no later than four months following the end of the Authorised Person’s financial year.

19A.11

Treatment of claims of holders of a Fiat-Referenced Token

19A.11.1 All holders of issued and outstanding Fiat-Referenced Tokens have a pro-rata claim against the Relevant Money and Reserve Investments held by the Authorised Person in respect of such issued and outstanding Fiat-Referenced Tokens, in accordance with the redemption rights set out in the relevant white paper.

150

COBS VER19.290725

19A.11.2 Where an Authorised Person has issued a Fiat-Referenced Token and has placed Relevant Money or Reserve Investments with one or more Third-Party Agents located outside ADGM, the Authorised Person must take such additional steps as may be required in the jurisdiction of each Third-Party Agent to ensure that interests of the holders of the issued and outstanding Fiat-Referenced Tokens, as set out in Rule 19A.11.1, rank in priority to interests of any other creditor of the Authorised Person.

19A.11.3 Where an Authorised Person has breached Rule 19A.7.1, or in circumstances where the Regulator has reason to consider that such Rule has been or may be breached or that there may be a Failure of the Authorised Person, the Regulator may direct that all or a portion of the Reserve Investments be liquidated and maintained as Relevant Money, in accordance with Rule 19A.5.4.

19A.11.4 Where an Authorised Person has breached Rule 19A.7.1 or a Pooling Event has occurred in accordance with Rule 14.13.3, an Authorised Person which has issued a Fiat-Referenced Token must liquidate all Reserve Investments and distribute all Relevant Money in the following order of priorities:

(a)

first, to all holders of all issued and outstanding Fiat-Referenced Tokens on a pro-rata basis to an amount not to exceed the par value of the Fiat-Referenced Token as expressed in the relevant white paper;

(b)

secondly, in the event that the holders of the issued and outstanding Fiat- Referenced Tokens are entitled to interest or any other monetary benefit, to satisfy such claims, as calculated in accordance with the relevant white paper, on a pro rata basis; and

(c)

thirdly, to the general creditors of the Authorised Person.

19A.11.5 Where:

(a)

a liquidator, receiver or administrator has been appointed over the Authorised Person, payment must be made in the order of priorities established by Rule 19A.11.4, in accordance with the Insolvency Regulations; or

(b)

no liquidator, receiver or administrator has been appointed in respect of the Authorised Person and a Pooling Event has occurred, payment must be made in accordance with Rule 19A.11.4 as directed by the Regulator.

19A.11.6 Where, after the Failure of an Authorised Person, the Reserve Assets are insufficient to satisfy in full the claims of all holders of the issued and outstanding Fiat-Referenced Tokens, or are not immediately available to satisfy such claims, a holder of an issued and outstanding Fiat-Referenced Token may claim for any shortfall against the Authorised Person as an unsecured creditor of the Authorised Person.

20.

THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS

20.1 Application

20.1.1 Chapter 20 of these Rules applies to Third Party Providers.

151

COBS VER19.290725

Guidance

1.

Third Party Providers intermediate the relationship between their Customers and their Customers’ Financial Institutions. The relationship between Third Party Providers and their Customers is separate from and does not affect Customers’ existing relationships with their Financial Institutions.

2.

Third Party Providers differ from