, must publish sufficient information about the historical default rates of Credit Rating Agency rating categories and whether the default rates of these categories have changed over time, so that interested parties can understand the historical performance of each category and if and how rating categories have changed, and be able to draw quality comparisons among ratings given by different Credit Rating Agencies. If the nature of the rating or other circumstances make a historical default rate inappropriate, statistically invalid, or otherwise likely to mislead the users of the rating, the Credit Rating Agency must explain this. This information must include verifiable, quantifiable historical information about the performance of its rating opinions, organized and structured, and, where possible, standardized in such a way to assist investors in drawing performance comparisons between different Credit Rating Agencies.

9.9.9 For each rating, the Credit Rating Agency must disclose whether the issuer participated in the rating process. Each rating not initiated at the request of the issuer must be identified as such. A Credit Rating Agency must also disclose its policies and procedures regarding unsolicited ratings. As users of credit ratings rely on an existing awareness of Credit Rating Agency methodologies, practices, procedures and processes, the Credit Rating Agency must fully and publicly disclose any material modification to its methodologies and significant practices, procedures, and processes. Where feasible and appropriate, disclosure of such material modifications must be made prior to becoming effective. A Credit Rating Agency must carefully consider the various uses of credit ratings before modifying its methodologies, practices, procedures and processes.

70

COBS VER19.290725

9.10 Confidential Information

9.10.1 A Credit Rating Agency must adopt procedures and mechanisms to protect the confidential nature of information shared with them by issuers under the terms of a confidentiality agreement or otherwise under a mutual understanding that the information is shared confidentially. Unless otherwise permitted by the confidentiality agreement and consistent with applicable laws or regulations, the Credit Rating Agency and its Employees must not disclose confidential information in press releases, through research conferences, to future employers, or in conversations with investors, other issuers, other persons, or otherwise.

9.10.2 A Credit Rating Agency must use confidential information only for purposes related to its rating activities or otherwise in accordance with any confidentiality agreements with the issuer.

9.10.3 Credit Rating Agency Employees must take all reasonable measures to protect all property and records belonging to or in possession of the Credit Rating Agency from fraud, theft or misuse.

9.10.4 Credit Rating Agency Employees must be prohibited from engaging in transactions in securities when they possess confidential information concerning the issuer of such security.

9.10.5 In preservation of confidential information, Credit Rating Agency Employees must familiarise themselves with the internal securities trading policies maintained by their employer, and periodically certify their compliance as required by such policies.

9.10.6 Credit Rating Agency Employees must not selectively disclose any non-public information about rating Credit Rating Agencies or possible future rating actions of the Credit Rating Agency, except to the issuer or its designated agents.

9.10.7 Credit Rating Agency Employees must not share confidential information entrusted to the Credit Rating Agency with Employees of any affiliated entities that are not Credit Rating Agencies. Credit Rating Agency Employees must not share confidential information within the Credit Rating Agency except on an "as needed" basis.

9.10.8 Credit Rating Agency Employees must not use or share confidential information for the purpose of trading securities, or for any other purpose, except the conduct of the Credit Rating Agency's business.

9.11 Communication with Market Participants

9.11.1 A Credit Rating Agency must disclose to the public its code of conduct. A Credit Rating Agency must also describe generally how it intends to enforce its code of conduct and must disclose on a timely basis any changes to its code of conduct or how it is implemented and enforced.

9.11.2 A Credit Rating Agency must establish a function within its organisation charged with communicating with market participants and the public about any questions, concerns or complaints that the Credit Rating Agency may receive. The objective of this function must be to help ensure that the Credit Rating Agency's officers and management are

71

COBS VER19.290725

informed of those issues that the Credit Rating Agency's officers and management would want to be made aware of when setting the organisation's policies.

9.11.3 A Credit Rating Agency must publish in a prominent position on its home webpage links to (a) its code of conduct; (b) a description of the methodologies it uses; and (