 so far as it carries on, or intends to carry on, the Regulated Activity of Providing Third Party Services.

Guidance

1.

The Regulated Activity of Operating a Representative Office described in paragraph 67 of Chapter 14 of Schedule 1 of FSMR refers to the marketing activities conducted by an Authorised Person that holds a Representative Office Financial Services Permission, provided the Regulated Activities or Specified Investments marketed by it are those offered by its head office, or a member of its Group. Such an Authorised Person does not have a client relationship with a Person to whom it markets a Specified Investment or engages with in relation to carrying on a Regulated Activity, and the client classification requirements in this Chapter do not apply to the Authorised Person with regard to its engagement with that Person.

1

COBS VER19.290725

2.

An Authorised Person undertaking the Regulated Activity of Providing Money Services, as described in Chapter 8 of Schedule 1 of FSMR does not have a client relationship with a Person to whom it Provides Money Services, either as Payer or Payee, so the client classification requirements in this chapter do not apply to that Authorised Person.

2.2

Client Categorisation

2.2.1 An Authorised Person must categorise each of its Clients into an appropriate Client

category. There are two Client categories:

(a)

Retail Client; and

(b)

Professional Client.

2.2.2 An Authorised Person must ensure that a Client is appropriately and correctly classified

with respect to each Regulated Activity, service, product or Transaction.

Guidance

1.

The point at which a Person becomes a Client of an Authorised Person is a question of fact that needs to be addressed by the Authorised Person in light of the nature of the relevant Regulated Activity (or Specified Investment) involved, and the relations and interactions which the Authorised Person has with that Person.

2.

The Client classification must take place before an Authorised Person carries on a Regulated Activity where this involves provision of a service to a Client. However, this does not preclude marketing prior to such classification being documented and notified.

3.

The Regulator expects Authorised Persons to adopt practices which are consistent with the underlying intent of the client classification provisions, which is to provide Clients with an appropriate level of regulatory protection in light of the resources and expertise available to such Clients. Therefore, as soon as it is reasonably apparent that an Authorised Person is likely to carry on a Regulated Activity where this involves provision of a service to a potential Client, it should undertake the client classification process relating to that Person.

4.

For example, an Authorised Person is not expected to undertake advising or arranging activities relating to a Regulated Activity or Specified Investment which is suited to Professional Clients (e.g. complex derivatives) with a potential customer without having a reasonable basis to consider that such a customer has sufficient knowledge and experience relating to the relevant activity or product. Whilst a formal client classification may not be needed at the early stages of interaction, an Authorised Person is expected to form a reasonable view about the professional status of a potential Client when exposing such a customer to Regulated Activities or Specified Investment (such as investments in a Qualified Investor Fund) which are intended for Professional Clients.

2

COBS VER19.290725

5.

A Person may be classified into one category of Client in relation to the carrying on of a Regulated Activity where this involves provision of a Regulated Activity, service or Product to a Client, but another category in relation to another Regulated Activity and corresponding service, product or Transaction.

2.2.3

If an Authorised Person is aware that a Client, with or for whom it is intending to carry on a Regulated Activity where this involves provision of a service to a Client, is acting as an agent for another Person (the “second person”) in relation to a particular Transaction, then unless the Client is another Authorised Person, a Recognised Body, a Remote Body, or a Regulated Financial Institution, the Authorised Person must also treat that second person as its Client in relation to that Transaction.

2.2.4

If an Authorised Person intends to carry on any Regulated Activity where this involves provision of a service or product to a Client which is a trust, it must unless otherwise provided in the Rules, treat the trustee of the trust, and not the