 as a Professional Client for such Regulated Activities and Transactions only, provided such services have been obtained for the purpose of Corporate Structuring and Financing.

4.4

Depositor Protection

4.4.1

(a)

In the event of:

(i)

the appointment of a provisional liquidator, liquidator, receiver or administrator, or trustee in bankruptcy over a Bank which is an Abu Dhabi Global Market Firm; or

(ii)

a direction by the Regulator to a Bank which is an Abu Dhabi Global Market Firm to deal with all or substantially all its Deposits in a specified manner,

30

COBS VER19.290725

eligible depositors of the Bank have priority over, and must be paid in priority to, all other unsecured creditors of the Bank.

(b)

In Rule 4.4.1(a), an "eligible depositor" means a Person (other than a Professional Client which is Market Counterparty or a Bank) who, at the relevant time, is a creditor of a Bank referred to in Rule 4.4.1(a) by virtue of being owed an amount of Money held by the Bank as a Deposit.

5.

ADDITIONAL RULES — PROVIDING TRUST SERVICES

5.1

Application

5.1.1 This chapter applies to a Trust Service Provider with respect to the conduct of Providing

Trust Services.

5.2

General

5.2.1 For the purposes of this chapter, a settlor, a trustee or a named beneficiary of a trust in respect of which the Trust Service Provider is engaged in Providing Trust Services may be treated as a Client of the Authorised Person.

5.2.2 A Trust Service Provider must maintain adequate knowledge of, and comply with, all applicable Abu Dhabi Global Market laws, Rules and Regulations relevant to Providing Trust Services.

5.2.3 A Trust Service Provider must be able to demonstrate that it is in compliance with

appropriate standards of corporate governance.

5.2.4 A Trust Service Provider must transact its business (including the establishing, transferring or closing of business relationships with its Clients) in an expeditious manner where appropriate unless there are reasonable grounds to do otherwise.

5.3

Exercise of Discretion

5.3.1 Where a Trust Service Provider is responsible for exercising discretion for, or in relation to, its Clients, it must take all reasonable steps to obtain sufficient information in order to exercise its discretion or other powers in a proper manner and for a proper purpose.

5.3.2 The Trust Service Provider must ensure that its understanding of a Client's business is

refreshed by means of regular reviews.

5.3.3 The Trust Service Provider must ensure that any trustee exercises his discretion in accordance with his fiduciary and other duties under the laws governing the trust of which he is a trustee.

5.4

Delegation of Duties or Powers

5.4.1 Any delegation of duties or powers by a Trust Service Provider, whether by Power of Attorney or otherwise, must only be entered into for a proper purpose, permissible by law and limited and monitored as appropriate.

31

COBS VER19.290725

5.5

Reviews

5.5.1 A Trust Service Provider must ensure that adequate procedures are implemented to ensure that regular reviews at appropriate intervals are conducted in respect of Providing Trust Services to its Clients.

5.6

Professional Indemnity Insurance Cover

5.6.1 A Trust Service Provider must maintain professional indemnity insurance cover

appropriate to the nature and size of the Trust Service Provider's business.

5.6.2 A Trust Service Provider must:

(a)

provide the Regulator with a copy of its professional indemnity insurance cover; and

(b)

notify the Regulator of any changes to the cover including termination and renewal.

5.6.3 A Trust Service Provider must provide the Regulator on a yearly basis, with the details of the arrangements in force together with evidence of the cover. Any claims in excess of US$10,000 or changes to the arrangements previously notified to the Regulator under this Rule must be notified to the Regulator as they arise.

5.7

Dual Control

5.7.1 The Trust Service Provider must have adequate internal controls, including having two

Persons with appropriate skills and experience managing the business.

5.7.2 While a Trust Service Provider may have a single Person with overall responsibility,