 may involve, instead of each member within a Group carrying on a discrete stand- alone Regulated Activity, different members of the Group carrying on different aspects of the bundle of Regulated Activities carried on for the Client’s benefit. An example is where a number of members within a Group provide discrete aspects of expertise that facilitate merger and acquisition activity of a Client. In such a situation, different members of the Group could prepare and provide:

10

COBS VER19.290725

(i)

Advice relating to a proposed restructure;

(ii)

Advice relating to financing of the restructure; and

(iii)

Arranging Credit for financing the restructure.

2.

In order to provide flexibility for Authorised Persons which are members of a Group to provide such services to their Clients in a manner that suits the Client’s needs and the nature of the service, this Rule 2.6.4 sets out the overarching objectives that must be achieved, rather than any detailed requirements.

3.

Depending on the nature of the arrangement under which Group members choose to carry on Regulated Activities for the benefit of the same Client, and the nature of the Regulated Activities involved, the risks associated with such arrangements may vary. Some of the common risks that could arise, and therefore would need to be addressed, include:

(i)

conflicting legal requirements applicable to the carrying on of the Regulated Activities, particularly if the members of the Group are located in different jurisdictions; and

(ii)

a Client not being able to clearly identify the actual service provider or providers and resulting exposure to legal accountability to the Client that may arise for all members of the Group.

4.

An Authorised Person must comply with, and must be able to demonstrate compliance with, the systems and controls requirements set out in GEN when relying on this Rule 2.6.4.

2.7

Record Keeping

2.7.1

In addition to any applicable rules under GEN relating to record keeping, and the remainder of these Rules, an Authorised Person must keep records of:

(a)

the procedures which it has followed under these Rules, including any documents which evidence the Client’s classification; and

(b)

any notice sent to the Client pursuant to these Rules and evidence of despatch.

2.7.2 The records must be kept by an Authorised Person for at least six years from the date on

which the business relationship with a Client has ended.

2.7.3 An Authorised Person may, if the date on which the business relationship with the Client ended is unclear, treat the date of the completion of the last Transaction with the Client as the date on which the business relationship ended.

2.7.4 An Authorised Person must ensure that in relation to reliance on a classification made elsewhere (Rule 2.6.3) and in relation to Group Clients (Rule 2.6.4), the Regulator has unrestricted access to all the records required for the Authorised Person to be able to demonstrate to the Regulator its compliance with the applicable requirements, including

11

COBS VER19.290725

any records maintained by or at its head office or any other branch of the same legal entity, or a member of its Group.

2.7.5 An Authorised Person must notify the Regulator immediately if, for any reason, it is no

longer able to provide unrestricted access to records.

3.

CORE RULES – INVESTMENT BUSINESS, ACCEPTING DEPOSITS, PROVIDING CREDIT AND PROVIDING TRUST SERVICES

3.1

Application

3.1.1 This chapter applies to an Authorised Person which carries on or intends to carry on:

(a)

Investment Business;

(b)

Accepting Deposits;

(c)

Providing Credit; or

(d)

Providing Trust Services

except where it is expressly provided otherwise.

3.2

Communication of Information and Marketing Material

General

3.2.1 When communicating information to a Person in relation to a Specified Investment or Regulated Activity, an Authorised Person must take reasonable steps to ensure that the communication is clear, fair and not misleading.

Guidance

A communication addressed to a Professional Client may not need to include the same information, or be presented in the same way, as a communication addressed to a Retail Client.

3.2.2 An Authorised Person must not, in any form of communication with a Person, attempt to limit or avoid any duty or