 of an Authorised Person which has issued the Fiat-Referenced Token.

Guidance

1. Principle 9 of the Principles for Authorised Persons (Customer assets and money) in GEN 2.2.9 requires an Authorised Person to arrange proper protection for Clients' Assets, including Client Money and Relevant Money where the Authorised Person is responsible for them. An essential part of that protection is that an Authorised Person must properly safeguard Client Money held or controlled on behalf of a Client in the course of, or in connection with, the carrying on of Investment Business, or properly safeguard Relevant Money held in the course of the delivery of Payment Services.

2. An Authorised Person must introduce adequate organisational arrangements to minimise the risk of the loss or diminution of Client Money and Relevant Money as a result of, for example, the Authorised Person's or a third party's insolvency, fraud, poor administration, inadequate recordkeeping or negligence.

3. An Authorised Person that holds or controls Client Investments, Provides Custody or Arranges Custody must also comply with Chapter 15.

4. A Fund Manager, Fund Administrator, Custodian or Trustee that holds Fund Property must comply with the Fund Rules rather than the Client Money Rules.

5. An Authorised Person in Category 4, other than an Authorised Person engaged in the Regulated Activity of Operating a Private Financing Platform, must not hold or control Client Money.

14.2 General Requirements

14.2.1 An Authorised Person which holds or controls Client Money must comply with, and be able to demonstrate compliance with, the Client Money Rules in relation to that Client Money and have systems and controls in place to ensure that Client Money is identifiable and secure at all times.

14.2.2 Where the Client is a Professional Client which is a Market Counterparty, an Authorised Person engaging in Investment Business may exclude the application of the Client Money Rules but only where it has obtained the prior written consent of the Client to do so.

84

COBS VER19.290725

14.2.3 An Authorised Person which holds or controls Client Money must inform the Regulator in writing without delay if it has not complied with, or is unable in any material respect to comply with, the Client Money Rules.

Guidance

1. Client Money is held by an Authorised Person if it is:

(a)

directly held by the Authorised Person;

(b)

held in an account in the name of the Authorised Person; or

(c)

held by a Person, or in an account in the name of a Person, controlled by the Authorised Person.

2. The Regulator would consider an account to be controlled by an Authorised Person if that account may be operated in accordance with the instructions of the Authorised Person, despite the account not being established in the name of the Authorised Person.

14.3 Client Money and Money controlled by an Authorised Person

14.3.1 All Money held on behalf of a Client in the course of, or in connection with, the carrying on of Investment Business in or from the Abu Dhabi Global Market is Client Money, except Money which is:

(a)

held by an Authorised Person which is a Bank as a Deposit, provided the Authorised Person notifies the Client in writing that the Client Money is held by it as a Deposit and not as Client Money;

(b)

due and payable by the Client to the Authorised Person;

(c)

in an account in the Client's name over which the Authorised Person has a mandate or similar authority for the purpose of managing Money for such Client on a discretionary basis;

(d)

received in the form of a cheque, or other payable order, made payable to a third party other than a Person or account controlled by the Authorised Person, provided the cheque or other payable order is intended to be forwarded to the third party within one day of receipt;

(e)

Cash received under a Title Transfer Collateral Agreement from a Professional Client; or

(f)

Fund Property.

14.3.2 Where the Authorised Person holds a mandate, or similar authority over an account

established in the Client’s own name with a third party, its systems and controls must:

(a)

include a current list of all such mandates and any conditions placed by the Client or by the Authorised Person on the use of the mandate;

85

COBS VER19.290725

(b)

include the details