IR 2.8 (Membership criteria and access);

(d)

MIR 2.9 (Financial crime and market abuse);

(e)

MIR 2.11 (Rules and consultation);

(f)

MIR 3.3 (Fair and orderly trading);

(g)

MIR 3.5 (Pre-trade transparency obligations);

(h)

MIR 3.6 (Post-trade transparency obligations);

(i)

MIR 3.7 (Public disclosure);

(j)

MIR 3.8 (Settlement and Clearing Services);

(k)

MIR 3.10 (Default Rules); and

(l)

MIR 3.11 (Use of Price Reporting Agencies).

Guidance

1.

Depending upon an MTF Operator’s or OTF Operator’s model, the operation of MIR 3.8 (for the purposes of its settlement arrangements) may significantly extend into considerations related to MIR 4.3 (as provided for in MIR 3.8).

2.

In assessing whether an MTF Operator or OTF Operator complies with the requirements set out above, the Regulator will take into account the general principle that users of an MTF anticipate less comprehensive regulatory protections, and users of an OTF less again.

8.2.2 An MTF that admits to trading Securities that are offered by way of an Exempt Offer under

MKT Rule 4.3.1 (13) shall ensure that it has effective systems and controls in place to:

(a)

admit only Securities of such Exempt Offers that are made on its own platform;

(b)

identify those Persons to whom the Exempt Offer was made;

59

COBS VER19.290725

(c)

restrict trading of the Securities, to no more than 200 Persons who are not Professional Clients;

(d)

comply with MIR rule 3.9.1 (Admission to trading), as applicable in relation to the relevant Securities; and

(e)

allow users of its market to obtain Inside Information, including any Offer documents pursuant to MKT Rule 4.3.5 relevant to the Securities.

Guidance

MKT Rule 4.3.1(13) provides for the specific circumstance where an Exempt Offer can be directed to no more than 200 Persons who do not qualify as Professional Clients, where the Securities are to be admitted to trading on a MTF. An Issuer seeking admission to trading of its Securities on an MTF in accordance with MKT Rule 4.3.1(13) may also, pursuant to MKT Rule 4.3.3, utilise an Exempt Offer that relies on one or more of the circumstances within MKT Rule 4.3.1, with the exception of MKT Rule 4.3.1(2). For example, an Issuer may make a simultaneous Exempt Offer to 200 Persons under MKT rule 4.3.1(13), and an unlimited number of Professional Clients under MKT Rule 4.3.1(1).

8.3

[Deleted]

8.4

Rules Applicable to MTF and OTF Operators and rules on Liquidity providers.

8.4.1 An MTF Operator or OTF Operator must not introduce a liquidity incentive scheme unless

(a)

participation of such a scheme is limited to members or any other Persons where:

(i)

the MTF Operator or OTF Operator has undertaken due diligence to ensure that the Person is of sufficient good repute and has adequate competencies and organisational arrangements; and

(ii)

the Person has agreed in writing to comply with the MTF Operator or OTF Operator's operating rules so far as those rules are applicable to that Person's activities; and

(b)

the MTF Operator or OTF Operator has obtained the prior approval of the Regulator.

8.4.2 For the purposes of this section, a "liquidity incentive scheme" means an arrangement designed to provide liquidity to the market in relation to Investments traded on the MTF or OTF.

8.4.3 Where an MTF Operator or OTF Operator proposes to introduce or amend a liquidity incentive scheme, it must lodge with the Regulator, at least ten days before the date by which it expects to obtain the Regulator approval, a statement setting out:

(a)

the details of the relevant scheme, including benefits to the MTF or OTF and