 retaliation by other Credit Rating Agency staff or by the Credit Rating Agency itself against any Employees who, in good faith, make such reports.

9.6

Credit Rating Agency Independence – General

9.6.1 A Credit Rating Agency must not forbear or refrain from taking a rating action based on the potential effect (economic, political, or otherwise) of the action on the Credit Rating Agency, an issuer, an investor, or other market participant.

9.6.2 A Credit Rating Agency and its analysts must use care and professional judgment to maintain both the substance and appearance of independence and objectivity.

9.6.3 The determination of a credit rating must be influenced only by factors relevant to the

credit assessment.

9.6.4 The credit rating a Credit Rating Agency assigns to an issuer or security must not be affected by the existence of or potential for a business relationship between the Credit Rating Agency (or its affiliates) and the issuer (or its affiliates) or any other party, or the non-existence of such a relationship.

9.6.5 A Credit Rating Agency must separate, operationally and legally, its credit rating business and Credit Rating Agency analysts from any other businesses of the Credit Rating Agency, including consulting businesses that may present a conflict of interest. A Credit Rating Agency must ensure that ancillary business operations which do not necessarily present conflicts of interest with the Credit Rating Agency's rating business have in place procedures and mechanisms designed to minimize the likelihood that conflicts of interest will arise. A Credit Rating Agency must also define what it considers, and does not consider, to be an ancillary business and why.

66

COBS VER19.290725

9.7

Credit Rating Agency Independence – Procedures and Policies

9.7.1 A Credit Rating Agency must adopt written internal procedures and mechanisms to (a) identify, and (b) eliminate, or manage and disclose, as appropriate, any actual or potential conflicts of interest that may influence the opinions and analyses a Credit Rating Agency makes or the judgment and analyses of the individuals a Credit Rating Agency employs who have an influence on ratings decisions. A Credit Rating Agency's code of conduct must also state that the Credit Rating Agency will disclose such conflict avoidance and management measures.

9.7.2 A Credit Rating Agency's disclosures of actual and potential conflicts of interest must be

complete, timely, clear, concise, specific and prominent.

9.7.3 A Credit Rating Agency must disclose the general nature of its compensation

arrangements with rated entities.

(a)

Where a Credit Rating Agency receives from a rated entity compensation unrelated to its ratings service, such as compensation for consulting services, a Credit Rating Agency must disclose the proportion such non-rating Fees constitute against the Fees the Credit Rating Agency receives from the entity for ratings services.

(b)

A Credit Rating Agency must disclose if it receives 10% or more of its annual revenue from a single issuer, originator, arranger, client or subscriber (including any affiliates of that issuer, originator, arranger, client or subscriber).

(c)

issuers and Credit Rating Agencies must encourage structured finance originators of structured finance products to publicly disclose all relevant information regarding these products so that investors and other Credit Rating Agencies can conduct their own analyses independently of the Credit Rating Agency contracted by the issuers and/or originators to provide a rating. A Credit Rating Agency must disclose in its rating announcements whether the issuer of a structured finance product has informed it that it is publicly disclosing all relevant information about the product being rated or if the information remains non- public.

9.7.4 A Credit Rating Agency and its Employees must not engage in any securities or derivatives

trading presenting conflicts of interest with the Credit Rating Agency's rating activities.

9.7.5

In instances where rated entities have, or are simultaneously pursuing, oversight functions related to the Credit Rating Agency, the Credit Rating Agency must use different Employees to conduct its rating actions than those Employees involved in its oversight issues.

9.8

Analyst and Employee Independence

9.8.1 Reporting

lines for Credit Rating Agency Employees and their compensation arrangements must be structured to eliminate or effectively manage actual and potential conflicts of interest.

67

COBS VER19.290725

(a)

A Credit Rating Agency's code of conduct must state that a Credit Rating Agency analyst will not be compensated or evaluated on the basis of the amount of revenue that the Credit Rating Agency derives from issuers that the analyst