 later than two months before the date on which they are to take effect.

20.2.6 If the Third Party Provider is allowed to make unilateral changes to the Governing Contract and proposes to make such changes, the Third Party Provider must inform the Customer that:

(a)

unless the Customer notifies the Third Party Provider to the contrary before the proposed date of entry into force of the changes, the Customer will be deemed to have accepted the changes communicated to it under Rule 20.2.5; and

(b)

the Customer has the right to terminate the Governing Contract without charge at any time before the proposed date of entry into force of the changes.

20.2.7 Changes in exchange rates may be applied immediately and without notice where:

155

COBS VER19.290725

(a)

such a right is agreed under the Governing Contract and any such changes in exchange rates are based on the Reference Exchange Rate information which has been provided to the Customer in accordance with Rule 20.2.2; or

(b)

the changes are more favourable to the Customer.

20.2.8 Any change in the exchange rate used in Third Party Transactions must be implemented and calculated in a neutral manner that does not discriminate collectively against Customers.

Termination of a Governing Contract

20.2.9 The Customer may terminate the Governing Contract at any time unless the parties have

agreed on a period of notice not exceeding one month.

20.2.10 Any charges for the termination of the Governing Contract must not exceed the actual

costs to the Third Party Provider of termination.

20.2.11 The Third Party Provider may not charge the Customer for the termination of a Governing

Contract after the Governing Contract has been in force for six months.

20.2.12 The Third Party Provider may terminate a Governing Contract concluded for an indefinite

period by giving at least two months’ notice, if the Governing Contract so provides.

Information prior to execution of individual Third Party Transactions

20.2.13 Where a Third Party Transaction is initiated by the Customer, at the Customer’s request the Third Party Provider must provide the Customer with a breakdown of all charges payable by the Customer in respect of the Third Party Transaction.

Information for the Customer on individual Third Party Transactions

20.2.14 The Third Party Provider must provide to the Customer the following information in respect of each Third Party Transaction at least once per month free of charge:

(a)

a reference enabling the Customer to identify the Third Party Transaction;

(b)

if the Third Party Transaction leads to a Payment Transaction, the amount of the Payment Transaction in the currency in which the Customer’s Payment Account is debited or in the currency used for the Payment Order;

(c)

the amount of any charges for the Third Party Transaction and, where applicable, a breakdown of the amounts of such charges, or the interest payable by the Customer;

(d)

where applicable, the exchange rate used in the Third Party Transaction by the Third Party Provider;

(e)

the date of receipt of the Third Party Transaction; and

(f)

the date of execution of the Third Party Transaction.

156

COBS VER19.290725

Charges for information under a Framework Contract

20.2.15 A Third Party Provider may not charge for providing or making available information which is required to be provided or made available under the provisions of Section 20.2.

20.2.16 The Third Party Provider and the Customer may agree on charges for any information

which is provided at the request of the Customer where such information is:

(a)

additional to the information required to be provided or made available by Section 20.2;

(b)

provided more frequently than is specified in Section 20.2; or

(c)

transmitted by means of communication other than those specified in the Governing Contract.

20.2.17 Any charges imposed under Rule 20.2.16 must not exceed the Third Party Provider’s

actual costs of providing such information.

Common provisions: communication of information

20.2.18 Any information provided or made available by a Third Party Provider in accordance with Section 20.2 must be provided or made available in English, using easily understandable language, and in a clear and comprehensible form.

20.3

Information requirements required after the initiation of a Third Party Transaction

20.3.1 A Third Party Provider must provide or make available to the Customer, immediately after