 Where a Third Party Provider relies on a third party for the performance of operational functions it must take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Rules that are applicable to those operational functions are complied with.

Guidance

GEN 3.3.31 and 3.3.32 and PRU 6.8 also govern outsourcing of functions and activities by an Authorised Person. A Third Party Provider is required to comply with those Rules.

20.7 Authorisation of Third Party Transactions

Consent and withdrawal of consent

20.7.1 A Third Party Transaction is to be regarded as having been authorised by the Customer for

the purposes of this Rule only if the Customer has given its consent to:

(a)

the execution of the Third Party Transaction; or

(b)

the execution of a series of Third Party Transactions of which that Third Party Transaction forms a part.

20.7.2 Consent for the execution of a Third Party Transaction:

(a)

may be given before or, if agreed between the Customer and its Third Party Provider, after the execution of the Third Party Transaction;

(b)

must be given in the form, and in accordance with the procedure, agreed between the Customer and its Third Party Provider; and

(c)

may be given via another party as designated by the Customer in writing, including another Third Party Provider.

20.7.3 The Customer may withdraw its consent to an individual Third Party Transaction at any time before the point at which the Third Party Transaction can no longer be revoked as set out in Rule 20.8.2.

20.7.4 Subject to Rule 20.8.2, the Customer may withdraw consent to a series of Third Party Transactions at any time. All Third Party Transactions which have been previously consented to but not yet executed at the time that consent has been withdrawn will no longer be regarded as authorised.

20.8

Execution of Third Party Transactions

Refusal of Third Party Transactions

20.8.1 (1)

Where a Third Party Provider refuses to execute a Third Party Transaction, it must notify the Customer of the refusal at the earliest opportunity.

159

COBS VER19.290725

(2)

The Third Party Provider must provide the notification in the agreed manner of the refusal as set out in Rule 20.2.2.

(3)

Where possible, the Third Party Provider must include the reasons for such refusal in the notification as well as the procedure that the Customer must take for rectifying any issues or factual errors that led to the refusal.

Revocation of a Third Party Transaction

20.8.2 (1)

A Customer may not revoke a Third Party Transaction after the Third Party Provider has confirmed receipt of the Third Party Transaction.

(2)

The Customer may not revoke a Third Party Transaction that it has initiated through another Third Party Provider.

(3)

A Third Party Transaction may only be revoked if the revocation is agreed between the Customer and the relevant Third Party Provider(s).

20.9 Authentication

Personalised Security Credentials

20.9.1 A Third Party Provider must maintain adequate security measures to protect the

confidentiality and integrity of Customers’ Personalised Security Credentials.

20.9.2 A Third Party Provider must ensure that appropriate means are available at all times to enable a Customer to notify the Third Party Provider of the loss, theft, misappropriation or unauthorised use of the Customer’s Personalised Security Credentials.

Strong Customer Authentication

20.9.3 A Third Party Provider must employ Strong Customer Authentication where a Customer accesses, processes or transfers Specified Information through the Third Party Provider.

20.10 Notification of unauthorised or incorrectly executed Third Party Transactions

20.10.1 Subject to Rule 20.10.2, a Customer is only entitled to redress if it notifies its Third Party Provider without undue delay, and in any event no later than twelve months after the date of execution, on becoming aware of any unauthorised or incorrectly executed Third Party Transaction.

20.10.2 Where the Third Party Provider has failed to provide or make available information concerning the Third Party Transaction in accordance with Section 20.3, the Customer is entitled to redress even if the Customer has failed to notify the Third Party Provider within the time period set out in Rule 20.10.1.

20.10.3 Where a Customer has notified the Third Party Provider that a Third Party Transaction involving the Primary Financial Institution is unauthorised