 subject to Rule 17.2.6, may commence the conduct of a Regulated Activity with such Accepted Virtual Asset.

17.2.6 An Authorised Person conducting a Regulated Activity in relation to an Accepted Virtual

Asset must:

112

COBS VER19.290725

(a)

maintain upon its website a current list of all Accepted Virtual Assets with which it it is permitted to conduct a Regulated Activity; and

(b)

continuously monitor all Accepted Virtual Assets with which it conducts a Regulated Activity to ensure its continuing satisfaction of the criteria specified in Rule 17.2.2.

Guidance

When conducting an assessment of a Virtual Asset in accordance with Rule 17.2.2, an Authorised Person should consider the Regulator’s published guidance - Guidance – Regulation of Virtual Asset Activities in ADGM.

17.2A Accepted Fiat-Referenced Tokens

17.2A.1 An Authorised Person or a Recognised Body carrying on a Regulated Activity involving a

Fiat-Referenced Token, must only use Accepted Fiat-Referenced Tokens.

Guidance

1.

For the purposes of Rule 17.2A.1, the prohibition concerning the use of Fiat- Referenced Tokens which are not Accepted Fiat-Referenced Tokens applies to all Authorised Persons and Recognised Bodies for all transactions including, but not limited to, transactions involving the transfer of Fiat-Referenced Tokens where the Authorised Person or Recognised Body is an intermediary, the safekeeping of Fiat-Referenced Tokens by the Authorised Person or Recognised Body, or payment being made to or by the Authorised Person or Recognised Body.

2.

For the purposes of determining whether a Fiat-Referenced Token meets the requirements of being an Accepted Fiat-Referenced Token, the Regulator will consider the criteria set out chapter 17 in respect of Virtual Assets, including, but not limited to, the ability of transactions in such Fiat-Referenced Token to comply with applicable transaction monitoring and tracing requirements.

17.3 Capital Requirements

17.3.1 The capital requirements set out in MIR Rule 3.2 (Capital Requirements) must apply to an Authorised Person conducting the Regulated Activity of Operating a Multilateral Trading Facility in relation to Virtual Assets.

17.3.2 For the purposes of Rule 17.3.1, all references in MIR Rule 3.2 to “Recognised Investment

Exchange” shall be read as references to “Authorised Person”.

Guidance

Authorised Persons conducting a Regulated Activity other than Operating a Multilateral Trading Facility in relation to Virtual Assets are required to satisfy the requirements relevant to such Regulated Activity as set out in PRU.

113

COBS VER19.290725

17.4

International Tax Reporting Obligations

17.4.1 An Authorised Person conducting a Regulated Activity in relation to Virtual Assets or Fiat- Referenced Tokens, where applicable, must comply with all reporting obligations in relation to-

(a)

FATCA, as set out in the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Regulations 2022; and

(b)

Common Reporting Standards, set out in the ADGM Common Reporting Standard Regulations 2017.

17.5

Technology Governance and Controls

An Authorised Person conducting a Regulated Activity in relation to Virtual Assets or Fiat- Referenced Tokens must, as a minimum, have in place systems and controls with respect to the following:

Virtual Asset / Fiat-Referenced Token Wallets

(a)

Procedures describing the creation, management and controls of Virtual Asset or Fiat-Referenced Token wallets, including:

(i)

wallet setup/configuration/deployment/deletion/backup and recovery;

(ii)

wallet access privilege management;

(iii)

wallet user management;

(iv)

wallet rules and limit determination, review and update; and

(v)

wallet audit and oversight.

Private and public keys

(b)

Procedures describing the creation, management and controls of private and public keys, including, as applicable:

(i)

private key generation;

(ii)

private key exchange;

(iii)

private key storage;

(iv)

private key backup;

(v)

private key destruction;

(vi)

private key access management;

(vii)

public key sharing; and

(viii)

public key re-use.

114

COBS VER19.290725

Origin and destination of Virtual Asset funds or, as applicable, funds transferred in relation to the issuance, purchase