 of the home jurisdiction regulation of the relevant legal entity.

9.4 Monitoring and Updating

9.4.1 A Credit Rating Agency must ensure that adequate personnel and financial resources are allocated to monitoring and updating its ratings. Except for ratings that clearly indicate

64

COBS VER19.290725

they do not entail ongoing surveillance, once a rating is published the Credit Rating Agency must monitor on an ongoing basis and update the rating by:

(a)

regularly reviewing the issuer's creditworthiness;

(b)

initiating a review of the status of the rating upon becoming aware of any information that might reasonably be expected to result in a rating action (including termination of a rating), consistent with the applicable rating methodology; and

(c)

updating on a timely basis the rating, as appropriate, based on the results of such review.

Subsequent monitoring must incorporate all cumulative experience obtained. Changes in ratings criteria and assumptions must be applied where appropriate to both initial ratings and subsequent ratings.

9.4.2

If a Credit Rating Agency uses separate analytical teams for determining initial ratings and for subsequent monitoring of structured finance products, each team must have the requisite level of expertise and resources to perform their respective functions in a timely manner.

9.4.3 Where a Credit Rating Agency makes its ratings available to the public, the Credit Rating Agency must publicly announce if it discontinues rating an issuer or obligation. Where a Credit Rating Agency's ratings are provided only to its subscribers, the Credit Rating Agency must announce to its subscribers if it discontinues rating an issuer or obligation. In both cases, continuing publications by the Credit Rating Agency of the discontinued rating must indicate the date the rating was last updated and the fact that the rating is no longer being updated.

9.5

Integrity of the Rating Process

9.5.1 A Credit Rating Agency and its Employees must comply with all applicable laws and

regulations governing its activities in each jurisdiction in which it operates.

9.5.2 A Credit Rating Agency and its Employees must deal fairly and honestly with issuers,

investors, other market participants, and the public.

9.5.3 A Credit Rating Agency's analysts must be held to high standards of integrity, and a Credit

Rating Agency must not employ individuals with demonstrably compromised integrity.

9.5.4 A Credit Rating Agency and its Employees must not, either implicitly or explicitly, give any assurance or guarantee of a particular rating prior to a rating assessment. This does not preclude a Credit Rating Agency from developing prospective assessments used in structured finance and similar transactions.

9.5.5 A Credit Rating Agency must prohibit

its analysts from making proposals or recommendations regarding the design of structured finance products that a Credit Rating Agency rates.

65

COBS VER19.290725

9.5.6 A Credit Rating Agency must institute policies and procedures that clearly specify a person responsible for a Credit Rating Agency's and its Employees' compliance with the provisions of a Credit Rating Agency's code of conduct and with applicable laws and regulations. This person's reporting lines and compensation must be independent of a Credit Rating Agency's rating operations.

9.5.7 Upon becoming aware that another Employee or entity under common control with the Credit Rating Agency is or has engaged in conduct that is illegal, unethical or contrary to the Credit Rating Agency's code of conduct, a Credit Rating Agency Employee must report such information immediately to the individual in charge of compliance or an officer of the Credit Rating Agency, as appropriate, so proper action may be taken.

Guidance

A Credit Rating Agency's Employees are expected to report the activities that a reasonable person would question. Any Credit Rating Agency officer who receives such a report from a Credit Rating Agency Employee is obligated to take appropriate action, as determined by applicable laws and regulations and the rules and guidelines set forth by the Credit Rating Agency Credit Rating. Agency management must prohibit retaliation by other Credit Rating Agency staff or by the Credit Rating Agency itself against any Employees who, in good faith, make such reports.

9.6

Credit Rating Agency Independence – General

9.6.1 A Credit Rating Agency must not forbear or refrain from taking a rating action based on the potential effect (economic, political, or otherwise) of the action on the Credit Rating Agency, an issuer, an investor, or other market participant.

9.6.2 A Credit Rating Agency and its analysts must use care and professional judgment to maintain both the substance and appearance of independence and object