 participants and the public about any questions, concerns or complaints that the Credit Rating Agency may receive. The objective of this function must be to help ensure that the Credit Rating Agency's officers and management are

71

COBS VER19.290725

informed of those issues that the Credit Rating Agency's officers and management would want to be made aware of when setting the organisation's policies.

9.11.3 A Credit Rating Agency must publish in a prominent position on its home webpage links to (a) its code of conduct; (b) a description of the methodologies it uses; and (c) information about its historic performance data.

9.12 Provision of consultancy and ancillary services

9.12.1 A Credit Rating Agency must not provide to a Rating Subject or a Related Party of a Rating Subject consultancy or advisory services relating to the corporate or legal structure, assets, liabilities or activities of such Rating Subject or Related Party. This prohibition includes, for example, making proposals or recommendations regarding the design or structure of Rating Subjects, including suggestions as to how a desired rating could be achieved. Some of the activities which are prohibited may constitute carrying on a Regulated Activity other than Operating a Credit Rating Agency. Even if a Credit Rating Agency has an authorisation to carry on such a Regulated Activity, it is prevented from providing such services to a Rating Subject or a Related Party.

9.12.2 For the purposes of this prohibition, a Related Party of a Rating Subject is:

(a)

an undertaking which is in the same Group as the Rating Subject;

(b)

any Person who interacts with the Credit Rating Agency in respect of the Credit Rating; or

(c)

any Person who has a significant business or other relationship with the Rating Subject or any Person referred to above.

9.12.3 A Credit Rating Agency may carry out activities which are ancillary to its Credit Rating

activities to a Rating Subject or a Related Party of the Rating Subject where it:

(a)

has a clear definition of what services it considers as ancillary activities;

(b)

documents why the carrying on of such activities are considered not to raise any conflicts of interest with its Credit Rating activities; and

(c)

has in place adequate mechanisms to minimise the potential for any conflicts of interest arising.

9.12.4 Ancillary activities include, for example, market forecasts, estimates of economic trends, pricing analysis and other general data analysis, as well as related distribution services. These ancillary activities can be carried out for the benefit of Rating Subjects and their Related Parties where the requirements in this provision are met. These activities are also unlikely to constitute Regulated Activities.

9.12.5 A Credit Rating Agency must separate operationally its Credit Rating activities from any ancillary services it provides. For example, rating analysts and other key individuals involved in Credit Rating activities must not also be involved in the provision of such services. Where a Group member provides to a Rating Subject of a Credit Rating Agency

72

COBS VER19.290725

any ancillary services, the Credit Rating Agency and the Group member must not share Employees or premises to ensure operational separation.

9.12.6 If a member of the Group, in which the Credit Rating Agency is also a member, provides services of the kind referred to in Rule 9.12.1 to a Rating Subject of the Credit Rating Agency or a Related Party of such a Rating Subject, such services must be operationally and functionally separated from the business of the Credit Rating Agency.

9.13 Credit Rating Agency Fees

A Credit Rating Agency must not enter into Fee arrangements for providing Credit Ratings where the Fee depends on the rating outcome or on any other result or outcome of the Credit Rating activities.

9.14 Remuneration and reporting lines

9.14.1 A Credit Rating Agency must have remuneration structures and strategies which, amongst other things, are consistent with the business objectives and identified risk parameters within which the Authorised Person operates, and provide for effective alignment of risk outcomes and the roles and functions of the relevant Employees. The requirements set out in this section are designed to augment those remuneration requirements set out in GEN (in particular, Appendix 1.2 of GEN).

9.14.2 A Credit Rating Agency must ensure that Employees involved in the provision of Credit Ratings have reporting lines and remuneration arrangements that are designed to eliminate, or effectively manage, actual and potential conflicts of interest.

9.14.