 acting as an agent for another Person (the “second person”) in relation to a particular Transaction, then unless the Client is another Authorised Person, a Recognised Body, a Remote Body, or a Regulated Financial Institution, the Authorised Person must also treat that second person as its Client in relation to that Transaction.

2.2.4

If an Authorised Person intends to carry on any Regulated Activity where this involves provision of a service or product to a Client which is a trust, it must unless otherwise provided in the Rules, treat the trustee of the trust, and not the beneficiaries of the trust, as its Client.

2.3

Retail Clients

A Person who cannot be classified as a Professional Client in accordance with these Rules is a Retail Client. If an Authorised Person chooses to provide Regulated Activities to a Person as a Retail Client, it may do so by simply classifying that Person as a Retail Client without having to follow any further procedures as compared to those required for classifying Persons as Professional Clients.

2.4

Professional Clients

2.4.1 There are two routes through which a Person may be classified as a Professional Client:

(a)

"deemed" Professional Clients; and

(b)

"assessed" Professional Clients.

Guidance

1.

A Professional Client, whether a “deemed” Professional Client or an “assessed” Professional Client is a Client who possesses the experience, knowledge and expertise to make its own investment decisions and properly assess the risks that it incurs.

2.

An “assessed” Professional Client should not be presumed to possess market knowledge and experience comparable to a “deemed” Professional Client.

2.4.2 "Deemed" Professional Clients

(a)

A Person is a "deemed" Professional Client if that Person is:

(i)

a Person which, as at the date of its most recent financial statements, met at least two of the following requirements:

(A)

a balance sheet total of US$20 million;

3

COBS VER19.290725

(B)

a net annual turnover of US$40 million; or

(C)

own funds or called up capital of at least US$2 million

(a "Large Undertaking");

(ii)

a supranational organisation whose members are either countries, central banks or national monetary authorities;

(iii)

a properly constituted government, government agency, central bank or other national monetary authority of any country or jurisdiction;

(iv)

a public authority or state investment body;

(v)

a Recognised Body or Remote Body;

(vi)

an Authorised Person;

(vii)

a Regulated Financial Institution;

(viii)

a Collective Investment Fund or a regulated pension fund;

(ix)

a Body Corporate whose shares are listed or admitted to trading on any exchange of an IOSCO member country;

(x)

any other institutional investor whose main activity is to invest in Financial Instruments, including an entity dedicated to the securitisation of assets or other financial transactions;

(xi)

a trustee of a trust which has, or had during the previous twelve months, assets of at least US$10,000,000. An individual trustee on the board of such a trust is only a "deemed" Professional Client in relation to that particular trust;

(xii)

a Subsidiary or a Parent of any of the Persons described in Rules 2.4.2(a)(i)-(xi); or

(xiii)

deemed to be a Professional Client for the purposes of Rule 4.3.3.

(b)

An Authorised Person must have a reasonable basis for classifying a Person as falling within the list of "deemed" Professional Clients above, including by inspecting copies of any necessary supporting documentation and keeping records of the same.

2.4.3

[Deleted]

2.4.4 "Assessed" Professional Clients

Individuals

(a)

For the purposes of this Rule 2.4.4, “family members” shall be determined in accordance with Article 3 of the Companies Regulations.

4

COBS VER19.290725

(b)

An individual may be treated as an “assessed” Professional Client (instead of a Retail Client); if:

(i)

the individual has net assets of at least US$1,000,000 (including any assets held directly or indirectly by that person), the calculation of which must exclude:

(A)

the value of property which is that person's primary residence net