and updates.

9.9.3 A Credit Rating Agency must indicate with each of its ratings when the rating was last updated. Each rating announcement must also indicate the principal methodology or methodology version that was used in determining the rating and where a description of that methodology can be found. Where the rating is based on more than one methodology, or where a review of only the principal methodology might cause investors to overlook other important aspects of the rating, the Credit Rating Agency must explain this fact in the ratings announcement, and indicate where a discussion of how the different methodologies and other important aspects factored into the rating decision.

9.9.4 Except for "private ratings" provided only to the issuer, the Credit Rating Agency must disclose to the public, on a non-selective basis and free of charge, any rating regarding publicly issued securities, or public issuers themselves, as well as any subsequent decisions to discontinue such a rating, if the rating action is based in whole or in part on material non-public information.

9.9.5 A Credit Rating Agency must publish sufficient information about its procedures, methodologies and assumptions (including financial statement adjustments that deviate materially from those contained in the issuer's published financial statements and a description of the rating committee process, if applicable) so that outside parties can understand how a rating was arrived at by the Credit Rating Agency. This information will include (but not be limited to) the meaning of each rating category and the definition of default or recovery, and the time horizon the Credit Rating Agency used when making a rating decision.

(a)

Where a Credit Rating Agency rates a structured finance product, it must provide investors and/or subscribers (depending on the Credit Rating Agency's business model) with sufficient information about its loss and cash-flow analysis so that an investor allowed to invest in the product can understand the basis for the Credit Rating Agency's rating. A Credit Rating Agency must also disclose the degree to which it analyses how sensitive a rating of a structured finance product is to changes in the Credit Rating Agency's underlying rating assumptions.

69

COBS VER19.290725

(b)

A Credit Rating Agency must differentiate ratings of structured finance products from traditional corporate bond ratings, preferably through a different rating symbology. A Credit Rating Agency must also disclose how this differentiation functions. A Credit Rating Agency must clearly define a given rating symbol and apply it in a consistent manner for all types of securities to which that symbol is assigned.

(c)

in developing a greater A Credit Rating Agency must assist understanding of what a credit rating is, and the limits to which credit ratings can be put to use vis-à-vis a particular type of financial product that the Credit Rating Agency rates. A Credit Rating Agency must clearly indicate the attributes and limitations of each credit opinion, and the limits to which the Credit Rating Agency verifies information provided to it by the issuer or originator of a rated security.

investors

9.9.6 When issuing or revising a rating, the Credit Rating Agency must explain in its press

releases and reports the key elements underlying the rating opinion.

9.9.7 Where feasible and appropriate, prior to issuing or revising a rating, the Credit Rating Agency must inform the issuer of the critical information and principal considerations upon which a rating will be based and afford the issuer an opportunity to clarify any likely factual misperceptions or other matters that the Credit Rating Agency would wish to be made aware of in order to produce an accurate rating. A Credit Rating Agency must duly evaluate the response. Where in particular circumstances the Credit Rating Agency has not informed the issuer prior to issuing or revising a rating, the Credit Rating Agency must inform the issuer as soon as practical thereafter and explain the reason for the delay.

9.9.8

In order to promote transparency and to enable the market to best judge the performance of the ratings, the Credit Rating Agency, where possible, must publish sufficient information about the historical default rates of Credit Rating Agency rating categories and whether the default rates of these categories have changed over time, so that interested parties can understand the historical performance of each category and if and how rating categories have changed, and be able to draw quality comparisons among ratings given by different Credit Rating Agencies. If the nature of the rating or other circumstances make a historical default rate inappropriate, statistically invalid, or otherwise likely to mislead the users of the rating, the Credit Rating Agency must explain this. This information must include verifiable, quantifiable historical information about the performance of