 in OTC Leveraged Products as soon as market conditions allow.

Guidance

In this Rule, “net equity” means the sum of the deposited margin and the unrealised net profit and loss on open positions in that account.

23.8 Negative Balance Protection

The liability of a Retail Client for all their investments in OTC Leveraged Products connected to their account is limited to the funds in that account maintained for the purpose of trading OTC Leveraged Products.

Guidance

1.

2.

Funds in the account of a Retail Client are limited to the then current amount of deposited margin in the account plus all unrealised net profits from open positions. Any cash or other assets in the account for purposes other than trading OTC Leveraged Products do not represent funds available to meet the liability.

183

COBS VER19.290725

23.9 Prohibition of Incentives

An Authorised Person must not offer promotions, bonuses or other inducements to Retail Clients in connection with the offer or sale of OTC Leveraged Products, whether monetary or non-monetary in nature.

23.10 Promotion by Third Parties and Referrals

23.10.1 An Authorised Person must have systems and controls in place to ensure that introducing brokers are not actively promoting OTC Leveraged Products and that Retail Client acquisition does not involve the provision of investment advice or portfolio management on behalf of the Authorised Person.

23.10.2 An Authorised Person must not accept a referral of a Retail Client made by an unregulated Person where doing so involves the disbursement of a reward, whether monetary or non-monetary in nature, from the Authorised Person to the unregulated Person.

23.10.3 An Authorised Person must have adequate systems and controls to ensure compliance

with Rule 23.10.2.

Guidance

For the purposes of Rule 23.10.2, an “unregulated Person” means a Person that is not an Authorised Person or a Regulated Financial Institution.

23.11 Liquidity Providers

An Authorised Person must, in relation to liquidity providers:

(a)

undertake an assessment and conclude that the liquidity providers used are suitable to provide liquidity to its Retail Clients;

(b)

ensure that the best price is available from liquidity providers for its Retail Clients, including under extreme market conditions;

(c)

at all times retain more than one liquidity provider in order to better discharge the requirement stated in (b); and

(d)

undertake independent monitoring of the quality of the orders executed by liquidity providers on behalf of its Retail Clients.

23.12 Additional Restrictions relating to OTC Leveraged Products

23.12.1 The Applicant must not offer or sell to Retail Clients OTC Leveraged Products which:

(a)

relate to underlying non-financial instruments or non-commodities, binary options or analogous products;

184

COBS VER19.290725

(b)

do not have a transparent pricing mechanism available for determining the price movement of the underlying reference, by which the profit or loss of each party to the OTC Leveraged Product may be determined;

(c)

do not have a two-way pricing mechanism that permits the Retail Client to trade at the prices quoted during the currency of the OTC Leveraged Product.

23.12.2 An Authorised Person must not offer or arrange for Retail Clients to subscribe to “copy trading,” “mirror trading,” or similar services unless it holds a Financial Services Permission to undertake the Regulated Activity of Managing Assets and has implemented, to the satisfaction of the Regulator, effective systems and controls and governance to identify and manage all related material risks.

23.12.3 An Authorised Person must ensure, to the extent possible, that a Retail Client does not

fund its account through the use of a credit card or a third party credit facility.

185