), the Regulator may notify any other relevant authorities in the UAE.

163

COBS VER19.290725

2.

If the Regulator receives notification of an incident from any relevant regulator in the UAE or internationally, it may direct the Third Party Provider to take appropriate measures to protect the immediate safety of their Customers and the financial system.

3.

GEN 3.5.18 and 8.10.6 also require Authorised Persons to notify the Regulator in certain cirmustances.

Safety and Integrity of Interfacing Systems

20.14.3 (1)

A Third Party Provider must take such steps as directed by the Regulator to demonstrate the safety and integrity of their Interfacing Systems.

(2)

Prior to commencing operations, the Senior Executive Officer of a Third Party Provider must provide the Regulator with an attestation that the Third Party Provider has taken all reasonable steps to ensure the security and integrity of their Interfacing Systems.

(3)

On an annual basis or more frequently if requested by the Regulator, the Senior Executive Officer of a Third Party Provider must provide the Regulator with an attestation that the Third Party Provider has taken all reasonable steps to ensure the security and integrity of their Interfacing Systems.

(4)

An attestation under (2) or (3) must be in such form and manner, and contain such information, as the Regulator may direct.

(5)

For each attestation provided to the Regulator, the Third Party Provider must provide a report by a qualified independent third party that assesses the adequacy of the personnel, procedural and technical controls put in place by the Third Party Provider or any other parties to whom the Third Party Provider may have outsourced operational functions.

Guidance

1.

The Regulator may require Third Party Providers to demonstrate the safety and integrity of their Interfacing Systems by, inter alia, connecting to systems operated by the Regulator or by conducting such tests on the Interfacing Systems as the Regulator may specify.

2.

An attestation provided under Rule 20.14.3 is not a legally binding instrument. It places personal responsibility on the Senior Executive Officer of the Third Party Provider to ensure that all reasonable steps have been taken. Should operational or security incidents occur, the Regulator will consider whether the Senior Executive Officer had misled the Regulator in line with Article 221 of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015 on Misleading the Regulator.

3.

In considering whether a person meets the criteria of the qualified independent third party referred to in Rule 20.14.3(5), the Regulator will have regard to, inter alia, the experience and expertise of the person in conducting such assessments whether in the UAE or internationally.

164

COBS VER19.290725

Technical Standards for Interfacing Systems

20.14.4 (1)

A Third Party Provider must ensure that their Interfacing Systems comply with technical standards that the Regulator may prescribe.

Guidance

From time to time, the Regulator may issue technical standards for Interfacing Systems. Such standards may be created taking in inputs from Third Party Providers as well as other industry parties.

20.15 Prohibition on Holding Client Assets or Relevant Money

20.15.1 An Authorised Person that Provides Third Party Services must not hold Client Assets or Relevant Money unless they hold a Financial Services Permission for other Regulated Activities that allows them to hold Client Assets or Relevant Money.

21.

ADDITIONAL RULES FOR ADMINISTERING A SPECIFIED BENCHMARK OR PROVIDING INFORMATION IN RELATION TO A SPECIFIED BENCHMARK

21.1 Application

21.1.1 This chapter applies to an Authorised Person conducting the Regulated Activity of Administering a Specified Benchmark or the Regulated Activity of Providing Information in Relation to a Specified Benchmark.

21.1.2 In addition to the general requirements applicable to Authorised Persons set out elsewhere in the Rules, an Authorised Person carrying on the Regulated Activity of Administering a Specified Benchmark (for the purposes of this chapter, a “Benchmark Administrator”) or an Authorised Person carrying on the Regulated Activity of Providing Information in Relation to a Specified Benchmark (for the purposes of this chapter, a “Specified Benchmark Information Provider”) must comply with this chapter, as applicable.

21.2 Specifying a Specified Benchmark

21.2.1 The