 a font size of at least 10-point Calibri or Times New Roman.

23.5 Appropriateness Assessment

23.5.1 An Authorised Person must not offer OTC Leveraged Products to a Retail Client, or

provide any advice or make arrangements on behalf of a Retail Client relating to OTC Leveraged Products unless it has first completed an assessment of the skill, experience, knowledge, financial resources and risk tolerance of the Retail Client, such that the Authorised Person may reasonably conclude that the Retail Client has:

(a)

adequate experience and skill enabling them to understand the potential risk of loss involved in investing in OTC Leveraged Products; and

(b)

liquid financial resources sufficient to absorb potential losses resulting from trading in OTC Leveraged Products.

Guidance

1.

In order to satisfy the requirements imposed by Rule 23.5.1, the Authorised Person should, prior to establishing a business relationship with a Retail Client, consider whether such Retail Client demonstrates an understanding of the risks and potential magnitude of losses which they may be exposed to.

2.

In order to gain such understanding, the Authorised Person should consider the trading history of the Retail Client, including the volume of that trading, as well as any relevant professional qualifications the Retail Client might have. The Authorised Person should also seek information concerning the liquid financial resources of the Retail Client, which will enable them to absorb losses which may result from trading in OTC Leveraged Products, including whether the Retail Client may be able to absorb losses arising from their contemplated investments without needing to resort to credit facilities.

23.5.2 The assessment required by Rule 23.5.1 must be reassessed by an Authorised Person:

(a)

on an annual basis; or

(b) where there is any material change in the financial situation or risk tolerance of the Retail Client, if that change occurs prior to the annual reassessment.

23.6 Margin Requirements for Retail Clients

An Authorised Person must require a Retail Client to have posted margin, in the form of Money, before it opens a position in an OTC Leveraged Product for that Retail Client of at least the following proportion of the value of the exposure of the Retail Client:

(a) 3.33% for major currency pairs and relevant sovereign debt;

(b) 5% for non-major currency pairs, gold and major equity indices;

182

COBS VER19.290725

(c)

10% for commodities, excluding gold, and non-major equity indices;

(d) 20% for individual equities; or

(e)

50% for Virtual Assets.

Guidance

1.

The funds in the account of a Retail Client consist of the margin deposited in the account for the purpose of trading OTC Leveraged Products plus unrealised net profits from open positions in them, the latter taken as the sum of unrealised gains and losses of all open positions recorded in the account. Any cash or other assets in the account for purposes other than trading OTC Leveraged Products do not represent funds available to meet the above margin requirements.

2.

Margin deposited in the account of a Retail Client to meet a margin requirement above in relation a position in an OTC Leveraged Product may not be used to meet a margin requirement in relation to any other OTC Leveraged Products.

23.7 Margin close-out Requirements for Retail Clients

23.7.1 An Authorised Person must ensure that “net equity” of a Retail Client in an account used to trade OTC Leveraged Products does not fall below 50% of the margin requirement, as outlined in COBS 23.6, required to maintain the Retail Client’s open positions.

23.7.2 Where the net equity of a Retail Client falls below 50% of the margin requirement, the Authorised Person must close the Retail Client’s open position(s) in OTC Leveraged Products as soon as market conditions allow.

Guidance

In this Rule, “net equity” means the sum of the deposited margin and the unrealised net profit and loss on open positions in that account.

23.8 Negative Balance Protection

The liability of a Retail Client for all their investments in OTC Leveraged Products connected to their account is limited to the funds in that account maintained for the purpose of trading OTC Leveraged Products.

Guidance

1.

2.

Funds in the account of a Retail Client are limited to the then current amount of deposited margin in