 Leveraged Products;

(b)

the Retail Client is at risk of losing all of their capital outlay and any profits not redeemed;

(c)

the Retail Client is at risk of losing money and accumulating losses rapidly;

(d) margin trading and use of leverage amplifies losses when they occur;

(e) margin-trading limits, stop-loss limits, or other systems and controls designed to mitigate or limit loss exposures may not be effective or may fail. Where relevant, an explanation of stop-loss orders, which must include clear information about whether or not a stop-loss is “guaranteed” (i.e. it would operate whatever the market circumstances are), and that in the case that it is not guaranteed, it may not limit Retail Client losses in the event of highly volatile trading conditions in an underlying asset or reference price;

(f)

the risk of slippage, i.e. a divergence between the price at which a trade was approved and the price at which it was executed; and

(g) most Retail Clients transacting in OTC Leveraged Products lose money.

23.4.4. The risk disclosure statement must include a prominent display of performance data for

each relevant OTC Leveraged Product that clearly identifies the percentage of active Retail Client accounts that were profitable. For the purposes of this disclosure:

(a)

active accounts include the total number of Retail Client accounts in which that specific OTC Leveraged Product was traded or held during that period;

180

COBS VER19.290725

(b)

profitable accounts include each active account for which net trading activity involving only that specific OTC Leveraged Product resulted in a realised profit, excluding any bonus or promotional amount, for that period; and

(c)

the performance data must state separately each of the four most recently completed calendar quarters or, where the Authorised Person has not yet completed four calendar quarters of offering OTC Leveraged Products to Retail Clients, those calendar quarters that have been completed.

23.4.5 The risk disclosure statement must state that it is the responsibility of the Retail Client:

(a)

to consider whether the products are suitable for them and whether they can afford to risk all of their capital outlay; and

(b)

to consult with their own legal and other professional advisors before committing to any transaction, signing any documents and/or entering into any legally binding arrangement in relation to these products.

23.4.6. The risk disclosure statement must state whether the Authorised Person has any actual or potential conflicts of interest with their Retail Clients, including placing the interests of the Retail Client first, and clearly identify:

(a) what those conflicts of interest are, or may be;

(b)

any potential, associated benefits for the Authorised Person;

(c)

the right of the Retail Client to object to those conflicts of interest; and

(d)

the Authorised Person’s obligation to request a positive written affirmation from the Retail Client as to whether or not they accept the actual or potential conflicts of interest.

23.4.7 The risk disclosure statement must provide details of the Regulator of the Authorised

Person.

23.4.8 All information provided or made available by the Authorised Person to a Retail Client in

accordance with this Chapter must be provided or made available in English or the language they are most likely to comprehend, using easily understandable language and in a clear and comprehensible form.

Guidance

1.

The requirements in this section specify the minimum information that an Authorised Person must communicate to its Retail Clients and it should consider whether there is any additional information that should be disclosed to them.

2.

The risk disclosure statement should not be longer than three A4 size pages, including any diagram or numerical illustration, but excluding the Retail Client’s acknowledgement. Information in the short-form disclosure fact sheet

181

COBS VER19.290725

(including footnotes) shall be presented in a font size of at least 10-point Calibri or Times New Roman.

23.5 Appropriateness Assessment

23.5.1 An Authorised Person must not offer OTC Leveraged Products to a Retail Client, or

provide any advice or make arrangements on behalf of a Retail Client relating to OTC Leveraged Products unless it has first completed an assessment of the skill, experience, knowledge, financial resources and risk tolerance of the Retail Client, such that the Authorised Person may reasonably conclude that the Retail Client has:

(a)

adequate experience and skill enabling them to understand the potential