 these Regulations and perform the functions and exercise the powers assigned to him under these Regulations and any subordinate rules issued under these Regulations.

(4) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (3), the Registrar may make rules with respect to the administration and application of these Regulations to any person in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(5) The Registrar has the authority to prescribe such forms as it considers necessary for the purpose of these Regulations and may approve and issue such guidance or directions as are required for the proper administration of these Regulations.

(6) The Registrar has the power to monitor (including by means of inspections) the commercial permit holder’s premises for compliance with these Regulations and subordinate rules made under these Regulations at such time and place as may reasonably be specified by the Registrar, and to impose and enforce fines or other disciplinary measures for contraventions.

(7) The Registrar may give directions to a commercial permit holder requiring it to provide such documents or provide such information or data as may be specified in the directions. The Registrar may take copies of, or extracts from, a document produced under such direction.

(8) The Registrar may, on the application of a commercial permit holder, cancel or vary a

commercial permit.

(9) The Registrar shall utilise the official seal referenced in section 937 (The Registrar’s Official Seal) of the Companies Regulations 2020 in authenticating or issuing official documents in connection with the issuance of a commercial permit.

3. Registrar’s powers with respect to applications

(1) On receipt of an application under these Regulations, the Registrar may, in its discretion:

(a) grant a commercial permit to the person if the Registrar is satisfied that such person

meets the requirements set out in the relevant rules;

(b) grant a commercial permit subject to such limitations, restrictions or conditions as

it may determine;

(c) return an incomplete application; or

(d) refuse to grant a commercial permit with justifications provided to the applicant in

writing.

(2) A commercial permit shall be valid for such period of time as may be specified by the

Registrar in its decision to grant a commercial permit.

(3) The grant of a commercial permit shall not operate to automatically exempt any person from the requirement to obtain a commercial licence under the Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015, nor will it exempt such person from the need to fulfil any other procedural formalities or to obtain the necessary approvals, permits, consent or

4

authorisation or to undertake any other formality or process pursuant to any other regulations or rules applicable in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, including any Federal law applicable in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

4. Commercial permits register

(1) The Registrar shall maintain a commercial permits register established under these

Regulations.

(2) The commercial permits register will contain the following information in respect of each

commercial permit:

(a) name and

(i) registration and licence number, if applicable; or

(ii) Emirates identification number, if applicable,

of the commercial permit holder;

(b) address of the premises within the Abu Dhabi Global Market to which the

commercial permit relates;

(c) issuance date of the commercial permit;

(d) expiry date of the commercial permit;

(e) the activity the commercial permit relates to;

(f) any conditions or restrictions placed on the commercial permit; and

(g) any other information that the Registrar deems appropriate.

(3) The commercial permits register shall be in such form as the Registrar may determine and

may be published in whole or in part.

5. Allocation of unique identifiers

(1) The Registrar may use reference numbers (“unique identifiers”) to identify each

commercial permit issued.

(2) The unique identifiers may be in such form, consisting of one or more sequences of letters

or numbers, as the Registrar may from time to time determine.

6. Fees payable to the Registrar

(1) The Board may make rules requiring the payment to the Registrar of fees in respect of the:

(a) performance of any of the Registrar’s functions under these Regulations and any

subordinate rules made under these Regulations; or

(b) provision by the Registrar of services or facilities for purposes incidental to, or otherwise connected with, the performance of any of the Registrar’s functions under these Regulations and any subordinate rules made under these Regulations.

5

PART 3: CONTRAVENTIONS AND PROCEDURAL REQUIREMENTS

7. Fines

(1) If the Registrar considers that a person has