1) The Board may make rules requiring the payment to the Registrar of fees in respect of the:

(a) performance of any of the Registrar’s functions under these Regulations and any

subordinate rules made under these Regulations; or

(b) provision by the Registrar of services or facilities for purposes incidental to, or otherwise connected with, the performance of any of the Registrar’s functions under these Regulations and any subordinate rules made under these Regulations.

5

PART 3: CONTRAVENTIONS AND PROCEDURAL REQUIREMENTS

7. Fines

(1) If the Registrar considers that a person has committed a contravention of these Regulations or rules made under these Regulations, it may impose on him a fine of an amount up to the maximum specified for such contravention.

(2) Unless expressly stated otherwise in these Regulations or a relevant rule made under these Regulations, a person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (1) may be liable to a fine up to level 8.

(3) Any reference to a level of fine shall be interpreted as a reference to the applicable level

set forth in the Commercial Licensing Regulations (Fines) Rules 2020.

(4) A fine under these Regulations is payable to the Registrar.

(5) If all or any of the amount of a fine payable under these Regulations or rules made under these Regulations is outstanding 30 days after notice of that fine has been issued, the Registrar may recover the outstanding amount as a debt due to it.

8. Suspension of commercial permits

(1) The Registrar may suspend, for such period as it considers appropriate, a commercial permit granted under these Regulations or any subordinate rules if, in its discretion, it –

(a) considers that a commercial permit holder has contravened a relevant requirement under these Regulations, or any subordinate rules made under these Regulations; or

(b) deems it in the best interest of the public or the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(2) A commercial permit holder that has had its commercial permit suspended by the Registrar must not engage in the suspended activity for as long as the suspension remains in place. Failure to comply with the suspension will result in a contravention and the person committing the contravention may be liable to a fine up to level 8.

(3) For purposes of this section, a "relevant requirement" means a requirement imposed by

these Regulations or any subordinate rules made under these Regulations

9. Revocation of commercial permits

(1) The Registrar may revoke a commercial permit granted under these Regulations or any

subordinate rules if, in its discretion, it –

(a) considers that a commercial permit holder has contravened a relevant requirement under these Regulations, or any subordinate rules made under these Regulations; or

(b) deems it in the best interest of the public or the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(2) For purposes of this section, a "relevant requirement" means a requirement imposed by

these Regulations or any subordinate rules made under these Regulations.

6

10. Monetary penalty notice

(1) Where the Registrar considers that a person has contravened a relevant requirement under and decides to issue a fine up to level 2 for such contravention, the Registrar shall issue a monetary penalty notice (a “Monetary Penalty Notice”) to such person (a “Monetary Penalty Notice Recipient”).

(2) For purposes of this section, a "relevant requirement" means a requirement imposed by

these Regulations or any subordinate rules made under these Regulations.

(3) The fine must be paid to the Registrar within the period specified in the Monetary Penalty

Notice.

(4) Before payment of the fine is due, the Monetary Penalty Notice Recipient can raise an objection concerning the grounds for issuance of the Monetary Penalty Notice, which will be considered by the Registrar only if exceptional circumstances have been raised by the Monetary Penalty Notice Recipient, as determined by the Registrar in its sole discretion, and which could result in the Registrar discontinuing the action set out in the Monetary Penalty Notice.

11. Warning notices

(1) If the Registrar proposes to –

(a) revoke a commercial permit granted under these Regulations or any subordinate

rules to a person; and/or

(b) impose a fine of level 3 or higher pursuant to its powers under Part 3 on a person,

it must provide a warning notice (a “Warning Notice”) to such person (the “Warning Notice Recipient”