 case it will notify the Suspension Notice Recipient of that fact in writing as soon as practicable; or

(b) take one or more actions specified in the Suspension Notice by issuing a Decision

Notice.

If the Registrar has not taken any of the above actions within the prescribed period, the Registrar will be deemed to have abandoned all actions taken by the Suspension Notice.

8

13. Decision notices

(1) If the Registrar decides to take an action referred to in a Warning Notice or Suspension Notice, it must provide a Decision Notice (a “Decision Notice”) to the person concerned (the "Decision Notice Recipient").

(2) A Decision Notice must -

(a) be in writing;

(b) give the reasons of the Registrar for the decision to take the action to which the

notice relates; and

(c) give an indication of any right to refer the matter to the ADGM Courts which is given

by these Regulations.

14. Right to refer matters to the ADGM Courts

(1) A Decision Notice Recipient may refer the matter to the ADGM Courts within one month

of receipt of the Decision Notice.

(2) Court Procedure Rules may make provision for any reference to the ADGM Court under

subsection (1).

(3) A Decision Notice that has been referred to the ADGM Courts continues in effect until the matter has been resolved by the ADGM Courts, unless the ADGM Courts determine otherwise.

15. Access to material

(1) If the Registrar gives a person ("A") a Warning Notice or Suspension Notice, it must -

(a) allow A access to the material on which it relied in taking the decision which gave

rise to the obligation to give the notice; and

(b) allow A access to any other material which was considered or obtained by the Registrar in connection with determining and reaching its decision which, in the Registrar's opinion, might undermine that decision.

(2) The Registrar may refuse A access to particular material which it would otherwise have to

allow A access to if, in its opinion, allowing A access to the material -

(a) would not be in the public interest;

(b) would breach confidentiality requirements; or

(c) would not be fair, having regard to -

(i)

(ii)

the likely significance of the material to A in relation to the matter giving rise to the Warning Notice; and the potential prejudice to the commercial interests of a person other than A which would be caused by the material's disclosure.

(3) If the Registrar refuses under subsection (2) to allow access to material, it must give A

written notice of -

9

(a) the refusal; and

(b) the reasons for it.

(4) The Registrar may refuse A access to particular material on the basis that it consists of a

protected item, in which case, it must give A written notice of -

(a) the existence of the protected item; and

(b) the Registrar's decision not to allow him access to it.

16. Protected items

(1) A person may not be required under these Regulations to produce, disclose or permit the

inspection of protected items.

(2) "Protected items" means -

(a) communications between a professional legal adviser and his or her client or any

person representing his or her client which fall within subsection (3);

(b) communications between a professional legal adviser, his or her client or any person representing his or her client and any other person which fall within subsection (3) (as a result of paragraph (b) of that subsection);

(c) items which -

(i) (ii) (iii)

are enclosed with, or referred to in, such communications; fall within subsection (3); and are in the possession of a person entitled to possession of them.

(3) A communication or item falls within this subsection if it is made -

(a) in connection with the giving of legal advice to the client; or

(b) in connection with, or in contemplation of, legal proceedings and for the purposes

of those proceedings.

(4) A communication or item is not a protected item if it is held with the intention of furthering

a criminal purpose.

17. Publication

(1) A Warning Notice or Suspension Notice, the existence of a Warning Notice or Suspension Notice and the contents of a Warning Notice or Suspension Notice must not be published by the Registrar, the Warning Notice Recipient, the Suspension Notice Recipient or any other person.

