 responsible, either alone or jointly with one or more other persons, for the conduct of his employer's business; or

(b)

under the immediate authority of his employer or of a person who is a manager by virtue of paragraph (a) exercises managerial functions or is responsible for maintaining accounts or other records of his employer.

(2)

If the employer is not an individual, references in subsection (1) to the authority of the employer are references to the authority -

(a)

in the case of a body corporate, of the directors; and

(b)

in the case of a partnership, of the partners.

(3)

"Manager", in relation to a body corporate, means a person (other than an employee of the body) who is appointed by the body to manage any part of its business and includes an employee of the body corporate (other than the chief executive) who, under the immediate authority of a director or chief executive of the body corporate, exercises managerial functions or is responsible for maintaining accounts or other records of the body corporate.

14 Amended 20 October 2015

in

49

PART 7: GENERAL

80.

Power to specify a scale of fines and contraventions by bodies corporate

(1)

The Board may make rules establishing a standard scale of fines setting out the different levels of fines payable for contraventions of any enactment or subordinate legislation.

(2) Where any enactment or any subordinate legislation (whether enacted or adopted before or after the commencement of these Regulations and including these Regulations) provides that a person who has committed a contravention shall be liable to a fine by reference to a specified level, it is to be construed as referring to the relevant level on the standard fines scale set out in rules made under this section.

(3) Where any contravention of these Regulations is committed by a body corporate, a

contravention is also committed by every officer of the body who is in default.

80A. General false statement contravention15

(1)

A person who, in purported compliance with a requirement imposed on him under these Regulations or any Rules made under these Regulations –

(a)

provides information which he knows to be false, misleading or deceptive in a material particular; or

(b)

recklessly provides information which is false, misleading or deceptive in a material particular,

commits a contravention of these Regulations.

(2)

A person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (1) is liable to a fine of up to level 7.

81.

Short title, extent and commencement

(1)

These Regulations may be cited as the Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015.

(2)

These Regulations apply in the jurisdiction of the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(3)

These Regulations come into force on the date of their publication. The Board may by incidental or rules make any supplementary provision in relation to the commencement of these Regulations as the Board thinks fit.

transitional,

transitory, consequential, saving,

15 Amended 30 March 2021

50

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

SCHEDULE: INFORMATION AND INVESTIGATIONS (CONNECTED PERSONS)

Sections 29(11) and 33(13)

Part 1: Rules for Specific Bodies

Corporate bodies

If the licensed person ("BC") is a body corporate, a person who is or has been -

(a)

an officer or manager of BC or of a parent undertaking of BC;

(b)

an employee of BC;

(c)

an agent of BC or of a parent undertaking of BC.

Partnerships

If the licensed person ("PP") is a partnership, a person who is or has been a member, manager, employee or agent of PP.

Individuals

If the licensed person ("IP") is an individual, a person who is or has been an employee or agent of IP.

Application to sections 33 and 34

For the purposes of sections 33 and 34, if the person under investigation is not a licensed person the references in this Part of this Schedule to a licensed person are to be taken to be references to the person under investigation.

Part 2: Additional Rules

A person who is, or at the relevant time was, the partner, manager, employee, agent, banker, auditor, actuary or lawyer of -

(a)

the person under investigation ("A");

(b)

a parent undertaking of A;

(c)

a subsidiary undertaking of A;

