orporate in the description of a controlled activity such limitations (for example as to circumstances in which the activity may, or may not, be carried on) as it considers appropriate;

(b)

specify a narrower or wider description of controlled activity than that to which the application relates;

(c)

grant a licence for the carrying on of a controlled activity which is not included among those to which the application relates.

(6)

Every licence granted by the Registrar shall set out -

(a)

a unique licence number for each licence;

(b)

the name of the licensed person;

(c)

the operating name of the licensed person, if different;

(d)

the legal status of the licensed person;

(e)

the address of the licensed person in the Abu Dhabi Global Market;

(f)

the issue date of the licence; and

(g)

the expiry date of the licence.

(7)

The grant of a licence pursuant to this section 10 or the renewal of a licence pursuant to section 10A of these Regulations shall not operate to exempt the licensed person from any requirement or obligation to obtain any other licence, approval, consent, permission, or authorisation or undertake any other formality or process pursuant to any other law for the time being in force in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, including any Federal Law having application in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(8)

The grant of a licence, approval, consent, permission, or authorisation or completion of any other formality or process pursuant to any other law for the time being in force in the Abu Dhabi Global Market shall not operate to exempt any person from a requirement to obtain and maintain a valid licence pursuant to these Regulations.

10A. Renewal of licences4

(1)

Subject to subsection 10(3) and 10A(3), a licensed person that intends to have its licence renewed must renew it prior to the end of the expiry date set out in the licence.

(2)

A licensed person may make an application to the Registrar for renewal of its licence commencing one month prior to the expiry of its licence.

(3) Where a licensed person makes an application to the Registrar for renewal of its licence:

(a)

within one month following its expiry, and it is approved, the licence shall be deemed to have continued; or

4 Amended 29 November 2024

8

(b)

more than one month following its expiry, and it is approved, the licence shall be deemed to have continued and the Registrar shall apply a late renewal fee as specified in rules made by the Board.

(4)

The Registrar may impose fees in respect of an application for renewal of a licence under this section as specified in rules made by the Board.

(5)

A licenced person, whose licence renewal remains outstanding after the period for which a late renewal fee can be charged pursuant to subsection (3)(b) above, commits a contravention of these Regulations and is liable to a fine not exceeding level 6.

(6)

If a licensed person does not intend to have its licence renewed, it must notify the Registrar of its intention and the steps it proposes to take to terminate its operations, registration or incorporation (as applicable) in the Abu Dhabi Global Market in accordance with the relevant enactment, within one month following the expiry of its licence.

(7)

A licensed person who fails to comply with subsection (6) or fails to successfully conclude the steps necessary to terminate its operations, registration or incorporation in the Abu Dhabi Global Market within a reasonable time from the date of its notice to the Registrar, commits a contravention of these Regulations.

(8)

A person who commits the contravention set out in subsection (7) is liable to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard fines scale.

For the purpose of this section, “a licensed person” includes a licensed person whose licence has expired.

11.

Granting licences: special cases

If the applicant for a licence -

(a)

in relation to a particular controlled activity, is exempt from the general prohibition as a result of an order made under section 8(1); but

(b)

has applied for a licence in relation to another controlled activity,

the application is to be treated as relating to all the controlled activities which, if a licence is granted, the applicant will carry on.

12.

Variation by Registrar at request of licensed person

(1)

The Registrar may, on the application of a licensed person, vary the licence granted