.

If the person to whom a decision notice is given under subsection (3) had the right to refer the matter to which the original decision notice related to the court, he has that right as respects the decision notice under subsection (3).

In this Part, "decision notice" means a notice under sections 18(3), 20(2) or 44(1).

Notices of discontinuance

If the Registrar decides not to take -

(a)

the action proposed in a warning notice given by it; or

(b)

the action to which a decision notice given by it relates,

it must give a notice of discontinuance to the person to whom the warning notice or decision notice was given.

But subsection (1) does not apply if the discontinuance of the proceedings concerned results in the granting of an application made by the person to whom the warning or decision notice was given.

A notice of discontinuance must identify the proceedings which are being discontinued.

Final notices

If the Registrar has given a person a decision notice and the matter was not referred to the court within 28 days of that person receiving the notice or such other period as the court may allow, the Registrar must, on taking the action to which the decision notice relates, give the person concerned and any person to whom the decision notice was copied a final notice.

If the Registrar has given a person a decision notice and the matter was referred to the court, the Registrar must, on taking action in accordance with any directions given by -

(a)

the court, or

(b)

the Court of Appeal on an appeal against the decision of the court,

give that person and any person to whom the decision notice was copied the notice required by subsection (3).

The notice required by this subsection is -

33

(a)

in a case where the Registrar is acting in accordance with a direction given by the court, or by the Court of Appeal on an appeal from a decision of the court, a further decision notice; and

(b)

in any other case, a final notice.

(4)

A final notice must -

(a)

give details of the action being taken;

(b)

state the date on which the action is to be taken; and

(c)

if it imposes a fine, state the amount of the fine and the manner in which, and the period within which, the fine is to be paid.

(5)

The period stated under subsection (4)(c) may not be less than 30 days beginning with the date on which the final notice is given.

(6)

If all or any of the amount of a fine payable under a final notice is outstanding at the end of the period stated under subsection (4)(c), the Registrar may recover the outstanding amount as a debt due to it.

51.

Publication

(1)

In the case of a warning notice, neither the Registrar nor a person to whom it is given or copied may publish the notice or any details concerning it.

(2)

A person to whom a decision notice is given or copied may not publish the notice or any details concerning it unless the Registrar has published the notice or those details.

(3)

A notice of discontinuance must state that, if the person to whom the notice is given consents, the Registrar may publish such information as it considers appropriate about the matter to which the discontinued proceedings related.

(4)

A copy of a notice of discontinuance must be accompanied by a statement that, if the person to whom the notice is copied consents, the Registrar may publish such information as it considers appropriate about the matter to which the discontinued proceedings related, so far as relevant to that person.

(5)

The Registrar must publish such information about the matter to which a decision notice or final notice relates as it considers appropriate.

(6) When a supervisory notice takes effect, the Registrar must publish such information

about the matter to which the notice relates as it considers appropriate.

(7)

The Registrar may not publish information under this section if, in its opinion, publication of the information would be -

(a)

unfair to the person with respect to whom the action was taken (or was proposed to be taken);

(b)

detrimental to the interests of participants of the Abu Dhabi Global Market; or

(c)

detrimental to the interests of the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

34

(8)

Information is to be published under this section in such manner as the Registrar