 so that it may easily be read by such customers or suppliers, a notice containing the information required by this Chapter.

(2)

The Board may make rules requiring that such notices be displayed in a specified form.

69.

Consequences of failure to make required disclosure: contraventions

(1)

A person who without reasonable excuse fails to comply with the requirements of sections 66 or 68 commits a contravention of these Regulations.

(2)

A person who commits the contravention set out in subsection (1) is liable to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard fines scale.

(3)

References in this section to the requirements of sections 66 and 68 include the requirements of rules made under those sections.

70.

Consequences of failure to make required disclosure

(1)

This section applies to any legal proceedings brought by a person to whom this Chapter applies to enforce a right arising out of a contract made in the course of a business in respect of which he was, at the time the contract was made, in breach of section 66(1) or 66(2) or section 68(1).

(2)

The proceedings shall be dismissed if the defendant to the proceedings shows–

44

(3)

(4)

71.

72.

(a)

that he has a claim against the claimant arising out of the contract that he has been unable to pursue by reason of the latter's breach of the requirements of this Chapter; or

(b)

that he has suffered some financial loss in connection with the contract by reason of the claimant's breach of those requirements,

unless the court before which the proceedings are brought is satisfied that it is just and equitable to permit the proceedings to continue.

References in this section to the requirements of this Chapter include the requirements of rules made under this Chapter.

This section does not affect the right of any person to enforce such rights as he may have against another person in any proceedings brought by that person.

Interpretation

In this Part –

"carrying on business in the Abu Dhabi Global Market" means carrying on a controlled activity in or from the Abu Dhabi Global Market;

"initial" includes any recognised abbreviation of a name;

"partnership" means –

(a)

a partnership or limited partnership within the laws of the Abu Dhabi Global Market; or

(b)

a firm or entity of a similar character formed under the law of a country or territory outside the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

PART 6: INTERPRETATION

Definitions

In these Regulations, unless otherwise defined -

"body corporate" includes a body corporate constituted under the law of a jurisdiction outside the Abu Dhabi Global Market;

"conditions of licence" has the meaning given in section 10;

"controlled activity" has the meaning given in section 2;

"court" means the Court of First Instance;

"director", in relation to a body corporate, includes -

(a)

a person occupying in relation to it the position of a director (by whatever name called); and

(b)

a person in accordance with whose directions or instructions (not being advice given in a professional capacity) the directors of that body are accustomed to act;

45

"documents" includes information recorded in any form and, in relation to information recorded otherwise than in legible form, references to its production include references to producing a copy of the information in legible form, or in a form from which it can readily be produced in visible and legible form;

"exempt person", in relation to a controlled activity, means a person who is exempt from the general prohibition in relation to that activity as a result of an exemption order made under section 8(1);

"general prohibition" has the meaning given in section 1(2); and

"partnership" includes a partnership constituted under the law of a jurisdiction outside the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

73.

Carrying on controlled activities in the Abu Dhabi Global Market

(1)

In the two cases described in this section, a person who -

(a)

is carrying on a controlled activity; but

(b)

would not otherwise be regarded as carrying it on in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, is, for the purposes of these Regulations, to be regarded as carrying it on in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(2)

The first case is where -

(a)

his registered office (or if he does not have a registered office his head office) is in the Abu Dhabi Global Market; and

(b