 Person, an MTF also needs to comply with the wider Rulebooks relevant to all Authorised Persons, including COBS, GEN and AML.

46) MTFs may operate as a primary trading venue for Digital Securities offered and issued by way of an Exempt Offer, provided that membership and trading is limited to non-retail clients only. As set out in paragraphs 16 and 32 of this Guidance, an Issuer wishing to make an Exempt Offer in order to have its Digital Securities admitted to trading on an MTF will need to ensure that it includes all required information in its Exempt Offer document in order to allow FSRA to deem the Digital Securities as Securities pursuant to section 58(2)(b) of FSMR.

47) In addition, Offers of Securities that have been admitted to the Official List for the purposes of trading on a RIE (as noted in paragraph 42 above) may also be available for trading on the secondary market of an MTF, for both retail clients and professional clients. Retail participation will only be permitted on an MTF where an Approved Prospectus has been registered for the purposes of admission to trading by the RIE (as the primary trading venue). For both professional and retail clients, trading is limited to trading within the market of that MTF. It is important to note therefore that, with the exception of only Exempt Offers being made pursuant to admission to trading on an MTF, MTFs should generally be considered as (secondary market) trading venues rather than (primary market) offering venues.

48) In the context of MIR Rule 3.8 (Settlement), MTFs have the same obligations as RIEs (see paragraph 44(a)), and specific guidance on the application of MIR Rule 3.8 (Settlement and Clearing Services) in the context of Digital Securities being trading on an MTF is set out in paragraphs 55 - 57 below. MTFs, however, looking to provide settlement services for Digital Securities directly will not be able to do so. Organised Trading Facilities (OTFs)

49) The regulatory framework for OTFs is similar to that of MTFs, but with certain differences (as set out in COBS Chapter 8). While OTFs can operate markets for some Securities (primarily Debentures), it is FSRA policy that markets for the trading of Digital Securities should be operated on a non-discretionary basis (RIEs and MTFs) instead of a discretionary basis (OTFs). As a result, the FSRA will not likely allow Digital Securities to be traded on an OTF, and will continue to monitor regulatory developments within this space. DIGITAL SECURITIES SETTLEMENT

50) This section of the Guidance sets out the two broad types of entities that are able to provide Digital Securities settlement facilities to RIEs and MTFs, as allowed for by MIR

VER02.240220

16

Rules 3.8 and 4.3. In choosing a RCH or DSF to utilise for custody operations (MIR Rule 2.10) or settlement (MIR Rule 3.3), a RIE or MTF can only use a RCH or DSF when the FSRA has been able to determine that the relevant settlement facility allows the RIE or MTF to meet its MIR obligations. Further discussion regarding the FSRA’s policy position and expectations in relation to these entities is set out below.

Recognised Clearing Houses (RCHs)

51) Subject to being granted a Recognition Order, RCHs operating within ADGM are permitted to settle different types of Financial Instruments, including Digital Securities. A RCH must demonstrate to the FSRA that it is able to meet the Recognition Requirements as set out in Market Infrastructure Rules (MIR) Chapter 2 (Rules Applicable to All Recognised Bodies) and Chapter 4 (Rules Applicable to RCHs) before a Recognition Order can be granted by the FSRA. Once it has been granted a Recognition Order, a RCH must continue to comply with the Recognition Requirements (contained within MIR Chapters 2 and 4) on an ongoing basis.

52) Platforms allowing the trading of Digital Securities (RIEs and MTFs) may engage the services of a RCH operating in the ADGM. Subject to meeting the Recognition Requirements set out in MIR Chapters