 described in more detail in paragraphs 28 – 30 below.

25) In accordance with MKT Rule 4.6.1, a person intending to make a Prospectus Offer must make an application for approval of a prospectus to the FSRA at least 20 days prior to the intended date of an Offer commencing. The FSRA expects to have discussed an application with the Issuer well in advance of this, including having reviewed draft Prospectus Offer documents, as applicable.

26) Due to the complexities associated with Offers of Digital Securities (from a technology perspective, and to take into account the relative infancy and resultant risks of the Digital Securities industry itself), the FSRA generally expects that an Issuer intending to make an Offer of Digital Securities is to be incorporated within the ADGM.

27) An Offer of Securities to the Public (made by way of an Approved Prospectus) can be used for the purposes of having such Securities admitted to trading on a RIE (see paragraph 42). Where such Securities have already been admitted to trading on a RIE, they may also be admitted to trading (on the basis of admission to the first RIE) on a further RIE or MTF. Prospectus content for an Offer of Digital Securities

28) The required disclosures to be included in an Approved Prospectus are set out in Appendix 1 of MKT. A Prospectus related to the Offering of Digital Securities is to include all required disclosures set out within MKT Appendix 1, as applicable.

29) Where an Issuer considers that a specific disclosure requirement is not applicable/not relevant to their intended Offering, the Issuer is required to request from the FSRA a modification/waiver at the time of submission of the (Draft) Approved Prospectus for FSRA approval. Such request should be submitted in full detail to the FSRA.

30) In the particular context of Digital Securities, further guidance is set out below in relation to several key disclosure requirements for an Approved Prospectus:

a) Prospectus language: Issuers should ensure that when preparing a Prospectus, it is ‘easily analysable and comprehensible’ to retail investors. This means that the Prospectus should be written in a style that is appropriate for retail investors, and that the use of defined terms, technical language and market terminology should be restricted to circumstances where their use aids the comprehension of a retail investor, or where their use is necessary to ensure the Prospectus is true, accurate and not misleading.

b) Risk Factors: Pursuant to MKT Appendix 1.1.1-2.3, proper consideration is to be given to the real risks that face an Issuer, and generic or boilerplate disclosures are to be avoided. If a risk is not relevant to a particular Issuer, or its Digital Securities, then it is expected that no disclosure of that risk be included in the Issuer’s Prospectus. Risk

VER02.240220

10

factors should be grouped together in a coherent manner and risk factors considered to be of the greatest or most-immediate significance should be disclosed prominently at the beginning of the risk factors section.

c) Responsibility: As per MKT Rule 4.10, an Issuer or the Person making a Prospectus Offer remains responsible for all disclosures within a Prospectus and ensuring that the disclosures within a Prospectus are clear and not misleading.

d) General Information: As set out in MKT Appendix 1.1.1-1.1, the country of incorporation of the Issuer and its incorporation number should be clearly disclosed within the Prospectus. A statement should be included on whether the Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle or entity for the purpose of issuing asset backed Securities. In the context of Digital Securities, the FSRA would generally view digital representations (such as tokens) of Debentures or notes backed by financial assets to be considered asset backed for the purpose of this disclosure requirement. Please note that the disclosure requirement in Securities Note – 7.1 also applies.

e) Actual and proposed business activities: As set out in MKT Appendix 1.1.1-2.1, a description of the history of the Issuer is to be included, and where an Issuer is newly incorporated, information should be disclosed regarding any preceding entity which conducted similar operations or was controlled by the same parties.

f) Historical financial information: As set out in MKT Appendix