 conventional intermediary licenced by the FSRA is able to provide Regulated Activities within the scope of its existing FSP in relation to Specified Investments, including Digital Securities.19 However, should such intermediaries intend to undertake activities in relation to Digital Securities, they must provide prior notification to their FSRA Supervision Relationship Manager of the proposed changes to their business model.

89) Intermediaries intending to operate solely, in the context of Digital Securities, as a broker or dealer for Clients (including the operation of an OTC broking or dealing desk) are not permitted to structure their broking / dealing service or platform in such a way that would have it be considered as operating a RIE or MTF. The FSRA would consider features such as allowing for price discovery, displaying a public trading order book (accessible to any member of the public, regardless of whether they are Clients), and allowing trades to automatically be matched using an exchange-type matching engine as characteristic of a RIE or MTF, and not activities acceptable for an Digital Securities intermediary to undertake.

90) A conventional custodian may apply to the FSRA to be a DSF in order to provide custody of Digital Securities. Refer to paragraphs 55 to 61, for further information on the requirements relating to DSFs.

Intermediaries conducting a Regulated Activity in relation to Virtual Assets – Extension into Digital Securities

91) An intermediary that has been authorised to conduct a Regulated Activity (including Dealing in Investments as Principal, Dealing in Investments as Agent, Managing Assets, Arranging Deals in Investments or Advising on Investments or Credit) in relation to Virtual Assets may provide services in respect of both Accepted Virtual Assets and Digital Securities. In order to do so, it must apply to the FSRA to vary its FSP such that it is permitted to extend its licensed operations to Digital Securities.

19 Unless there is a specific restriction on its FSP stating otherwise.

VER02.240220

24

92) Virtual Asset Custodians may apply to the FSRA to be a DSF in order to provide custody of Digital Securities. Refer to paragraphs 73 to 75 for further information on the requirements that will apply.

Private Financing Platforms (PFPs)

93) A PFP (as provided for in Schedule 1, Section 73E of FSMR) includes electronic platforms which facilitate the provision of financing between Issuers and investors in the form of Digital Securities.

94) The FSRA only allows a financing proposal to be published on a PFP where it qualifies as an Exempt Offer through satisfying any of the criteria set out in MKT Rule 4.3.

95) A PFP Operator may offer an incidental facility, termed an ‘Exit Facility’, to permit clients to exit their PFP transactions by allowing them to seek potential “buyers” who are also clients of the PFP Operator in order to transfer their rights and obligations under their investment agreements. The Exit Facility should not allow active (secondary market) trading by clients, and such trading can only be an ancillary service provided by the PFP Operator. The Exit Facility must comply with the requirements in COBS Rule 18.8. In particular, the Exit Facility must not exhibit characteristics of a trading facility, otherwise the PFP Operator will require a separate FSP for Operating an MTF.20

96) A PFP Operator which facilitates the trading of Digital Securities through its platform will also need to consider, among other things, the relevant technology governance requirements set out in paragraphs 47 to 87 of the Virtual Assets Guidance.

DIGITAL SECURITIES – SPECIFIC REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS

97) This section of the Guidance, rather than address specific requirements relating to the operation of activities undertaken by Authorised Persons or Recognised Bodies, sets out specific FSRA policy positions in relation to specific regulatory considerations relevant to Digital Securities. Technology Governance and Controls

98) While the FSRA adopts a technology-neutral approach to the regulation of Digital Securities markets, there is considerable industry appetite to use and deploy DLT, and related technologies. The development, and usage, of such technologies, however, is still widely considered to be in its early years of development and usage at scale. While it does not seek to regulate specific technologies such as DLT directly, the FSRA expects users of such technology to meet particular requirements in terms of their technology systems, governance and controls.

99) All Authorised Persons and