 FSRA before the Applicant will be in a position to submit a draft, then formal, application. Submission of Formal Application

122) Following discussions with the FSRA, and upon the FSRA having reasonable comfort that the Applicant’s proposed business processes, technologies and capabilities are at a

VER02.240220

29

sufficiently advanced stage, the Applicant will be required to submit a completed Application Form, and supporting documents, to the FSRA. Payment of the fees applicable to the Application, as set out in paragraphs 128 - 139, must also be made at the time of submission. The FSRA will only consider an Application as having been formally submitted, and commence its formal review of the Application, upon receipt of both the completed Application and the associated fees.

Granting of In Principle Approval (IPA)

123) The FSRA will undertake an in-depth review of the Application, and supporting documents, submitted by an Applicant. The FSRA will only consider granting an IPA for those Applicants that are considered able to adequately meet all applicable Rules and requirements. An Applicant will be required to meet all conditions applicable to the IPA prior to being granted with final approval, and an FSP or Recognition Order (as applicable). Granting of Final Approval (Financial Services Permission/ Recognition Order)

124) Subject to being satisfied that the Applicant has met all conditions applicable to the IPA, the FSRA will grant the Applicant with final approval for an FSP or Recognition Order (as applicable). Final approval will be conditional upon the FSRA being further satisfied in relation to the Applicant’s operational testing and capabilities, and completion of a third- party verification of the Applicant’s systems where applicable. ‘Operational Launch’ Testing

125) An Applicant operating a RIE, MTF, DSF or RCH will only be permitted to progress to operational launch when it has completed its operational launch testing to the FSRA’s satisfaction, including completion of third party verification of the Applicant’s systems, where applicable.

126) Noting the public nature of these entities and the consumer protection considerations associated with significant client participation, these licence holders, like many others regulated by FSRA, will be closely supervised by the FSRA once licenced. Entities should expect to meet frequently with the FSRA, be subject to ongoing assessments, and be prepared to undergo thematic reviews from time to time (particularly considering the nascent stage of Digital Securities markets globally).

127) Authorised Persons seeking FSP variations, other than MTFs, will follow the variation process as set out in sections 2.9.6 and 2.9.7 of the Guidance & Policies Manual (GPM) and are encouraged to discuss their variation proposals with their Supervision Relationship Managers as early as possible.

VER02.240220

30

FEES

Authorisation and supervision fees

128) The applicable fees for entities seeking to carry out Digital Securities activities within ADGM are set out in the FEES Rulebook. Examples of the application of these fees to particular scenarios are set out in the paragraphs below.

129) As it is not proposed that there be an immediate change to the fee structure in relation to Digital Securities, the FSRA will continue to monitor its position in relation to these fees as part of the wider Securities-regulatory framework.

130) As noted in paragraph 122 above, the FSRA will only consider an Application as having been submitted, and commence its formal review of the Application, upon receipt of both the completed Application and the associated fees.

Authorisation fees

131) For Digital Securities activities by new entrants applying to operate in ADGM: For Applicants seeking to carry on Digital Securities activities within ADGM, with no existing ADGM licenced business operations, the Authorisation fees are the same as those already provided in the applicable Rulebook for the relevant activity, subject to paragraph 133 below. In summary: a) the applicable fees for a Recognition Order as an RIE or an RCH are set out in FEES

Rule 3.7.1(a);

b) the fees for a FSP for an Authorised Person (other than a DSF) are set out in FEES

Rules 2.2.1(a) and 3.5; and

c) the fees for a DSF are as set out in paragraph 133 below.

132) For Digital Securities activities to be conducted by existing ADGM licenced intermediaries or MTFs:

