” (as defined in FSMR). In circumstances:

a)

requiring the submission of an Approved Prospectus to the FSRA, the FSRA will use the documentation submitted as part of this approval process to determine whether it will deem a Digital Security a Security under Section 58(2)(b) of FSMR; or

6 Section 58(2) of FSMR sets out that the FSRA may, by written notice ‘deem any investment which is not a Security to be a Security for the purposes of these Regulations and the Rules made under these Regulations.’

VER02.240220

8

b)

relating to an Exempt Offer, the FSRA will review the Exempt Offer documentation for the purposes of being able to make a determination under Section 58(2)(b). The FSRA’s review will not be for the purposes of approving the Exempt Offer itself.

17) In either scenario, the FSRA may also request further supporting documents from an Issuer (e.g., constitutional documents, relevant legal opinions).

18) For regulatory purposes, Offers of Securities (as defined in Section 258 of FSMR), whether through a DLT platform, digital platform or other means, will be subject to consistent regulatory treatment by the FSRA. As such, similar to the treatment of a conventional Issuer of Securities, Issuers / market participants who seek to raise funds in a regulated, robust and transparent manner using new business models or technologies (such as DLT), are encouraged to engage with the FSRA regarding the proposed Offer as early as possible in the fund-raising process.

19) Where appropriate, Issuers should consider the appointment of (legal) advisers to assist with the preparation and submission to the FSRA of its relevant diligence materials (as part of any submission to the FSRA pursuant to Section 58(2)(b) of FSMR).

20) To ensure appropriate safeguards are in place to protect both investors and market integrity, an offer of a ‘Utility Token’ falls outside the FSRA’s regulatory remit and is not permitted under the Markets Rules (MKT).

MARKETS RULES – OFFERS OF SECURITIES TO THE PUBLIC

Offers of Securities

21) The requirements for Offers of Securities to the Public are set out in Sections 58 to 71 of FSMR, and Chapter 4 of MKT. These requirements apply to Offers of all types of Securities, including Digital Securities.

22) Section 58(1) of FSMR prohibits Issuers from making an Offer of Securities to the Public in or from ADGM (or to have Securities admitted to trading on a RIE) from doing so other than in accordance with FSMR, and MKT.

23) As set out in section 59 of FSMR, an Offer of Securities to the Public is “a communication to any person in any form or by any means presenting information on the Offer and the Securities offered so as to enable an investor to decide to buy or subscribe to those Securities”.7

24) Issuers wishing to make an Offer of Securities to the Public in, or from, ADGM must comply with all applicable requirements, including (unless it is an Exempt Offer) the

7 Section 59 of FSMR excludes from an Offer of Securities any: (a) communication in connection with the trading of Securities admitted to trading on a RIE; (b) communication made for the purposes of complying with the on-going reporting requirements of the

FSRA or a RIE; or

(c) other communication prescribed in Rules as an exempt communication.

VER02.240220

9

obligation to publish an Approved Prospectus under Section 61 of FSMR (a “Prospectus Offer”). The requirements for the structure and content of an Approved Prospectus are detailed in MKT Rule 4.5 and described in more detail in paragraphs 28 – 30 below.

25) In accordance with MKT Rule 4.6.1, a person intending to make a Prospectus Offer must make an application for approval of a prospectus to the FSRA at least 20 days prior to the intended date of an Offer commencing. The FSRA expects to have discussed an application with the Issuer well in advance of this, including having reviewed draft Prospectus Offer documents, as applicable.

26) Due to the complexities associated with Offers of Digital Securities (from a technology perspective, and to take into