asing to carry on the business activities that establish it as a DNFBP.

(2)

The notice must include a request to cancel its registration, an explanation of the reason for the DNFBP ceasing business, the planned date of the cessation of its activities, and copies of any relevant documents must be submitted with the notice.

15.7 Suspension and withdrawal of DNFBP registration

15.7.1 (1)

The Regulator may suspend the registration of a DNFBP at the request of the DNFBP or on its own initiative.

(2)

The Regulator may withdraw the registration of a DNFBP:

(a)

at the request of the DNFBP;

(b)

if the Registrar of Companies notifies it that the DNFBP no longer holds the relevant commercial licence to operate in ADGM; or

(c)

on its own initiative.

15.7.2 (1)

The Regulator may exercise its power on its own initiative under Rule 15.7.1 (1) or (2)(c) where:

(a)

the DNFBP no longer meets the criteria for DNFBP registration;

(b)

the DNFBP is in breach of, or has been in breach of, ADGM legislation including any Rules or any other legislation applicable in ADGM including Federal AML Legislation;

(c)

the DNFBP is insolvent or entering into administration;

(d)

the DNFBP is no longer carrying on business in ADGM; or

(e)

the Regulator considers that exercising the power is necessary or desirable in the pursuit of its objectives in section 1(3) of FSMR.

Guidance

1.

A DNFBP may request the withdrawal of its registration because, for example, it no longer meets the definition of a DNFBP, becomes insolvent or enters into administration, or proposes to leave ADGM.

Confidential

93

AML VER10.020125

2.

In addition to being able to withdraw registration at the request of a DNFBP, the Regulator may, on its own initiative, suspend or withdraw the registration of a DNFBP in various circumstances.

15.8 Disclosure of regulatory status

15.8.1 A DNFBP must not:

(a)

misrepresent its regulatory status with respect to the Regulator expressly or by implication; or

(b)

use or reproduce the logo of the Regulator without express written permission from the Regulator and in accordance with any conditions for use imposed by the Regulator.

15.9 Co-ordination between the Regulator and the Registrar of Companies

15.9.1 (1)

The Registrar of Companies shall not grant a Person who is a DNFBP a commercial licence to operate in ADGM until the Regulator has confirmed to the Registrar of Companies that it intends to register the Person as a DNFBP.

(2)

The Regulator shall as soon as is practicable notify the Registrar of Companies where it suspends or withdraws the registration of a DNFBP.

(3)

The Registrar of Companies shall as soon as is practicable suspend or withdraw (as the case may be) the commercial licence of the DNFBP where it receives a notification under (2).

Confidential

94

AML VER10.020125

16.

NON-PROFIT ORGANISATIONS

16.1 Responsibility for NPO compliance

16.1.1 An NPO's Governing Body is responsible for establishing, maintaining and monitoring the

NPO’s obligations under this chapter.

16.1.2 An NPO must maintain information on the following:

(a)

the purpose and objectives of its stated activities;

(b)

the identity of the persons who own, control or direct its activities, including the Governing Body and senior management;

(c)

the relevant controls that have been put in place to ensure that all funds are fully accounted for, and are spent in a manner that is consistent with the purpose and objectives of its stated activities; and

(d)

the relevant measures that it has taken to confirm the identity, credentials and good standing of beneficiaries and associated NPOs to ensure that they are not involved with terrorists or terrorist organisations and that its charitable funds are not used to support terrorists or terrorist organisations.

16.2 Record Keeping

16.2.1 An NPO must maintain for a period of at least six years records of its obligations required under Rule 16.1.2, covering both