 laundering.

3.

The RBA should not be seen as a "tick-box" approach to AML/TFS. Instead a Relevant Person is required to assess relevant money laundering risks and adopt a proportionate response to such risks, however, even where a customer is assessed through the RBA as being low-risk a minimum of simplified CDD must be undertaken in relation to that customer.

4.

In adopting an RBA, a Relevant Person should continue to meet the requirements that are mandated under the AML Rulebook including:

Confidential

27

AML VER10.020125

(a)

assessing the relevant money laundering risks in accordance with Chapter 6 or Chapter 7 of AML (as applicable);

(b) undertaking CDD in accordance with Rule 8.3.1;

(c) undertaking Enhanced CDD pursuant to Rule 8.1.1(3) in accordance with

Rule 8.4.1; and

(d) undertaking Simplified CDD

in accordance with Rule 8.5.1 where

permissible pursuant to Rule 8.1.1(4).

5.

Section 4.5 sets out the requirements regarding record-keeping for the purposes of the AML Rulebook. These Rules apply in relation to Rule 5.1.1(b)(iii).

Confidential

28

AML VER10.020125

6.

BUSINESS RISK ASSESSMENT

6.1

Assessing the money laundering risks of a business

6.1.1 A Relevant Person must:

(a)

take appropriate steps to identify and assess money laundering risks to which its business is exposed, taking into consideration the nature, size and complexity of its activities. Relevant Persons must take into account that money laundering risks include the risk of terrorist financing, proliferation financing, the financing of unlawful organisations and sanctions non-compliance including non- compliance with Targeted Financial Sanctions.

(b)

when identifying and assessing the risks in (a), take into account, to the extent relevant, any vulnerabilities relating to:

(i)

its type of customers and their activities;

(ii)

the countries or geographic areas in which it does business;

(iii)

its products, services and activity profiles;

(iv)

its distribution channels and business partners;

(v)

the complexity and volume of its Transactions;

(vi)

the development of new products and business practices including new delivery mechanisms, channels and partners;

(vii)

the use of new or developing technologies for both new and pre-existing products and services; and

(c)

take appropriate measures to ensure that any risk identified as part of the assessment in (a) is taken into account in its day-to-day operations and is mitigated, including in relation to:

(i)

the development of new products;

(ii)

the taking on of new customers; and

(iii)

changes to its business profile.

6.1.2 A Relevant Person must use the information obtained in undertaking its business risk

assessment to:

(a)

develop and maintain its AML/TFS policies, procedures, systems and controls as required by Rule 6.2.1;

Confidential

29

AML VER10.020125

(b)

ensure that its AML/TFS policies, procedures, systems and controls adequately mitigate the risks identified as part of the assessment in Rule 6.1.1;

(c)

assess the effectiveness of its AML/TFS policies, procedures, systems and controls as required by Rule 6.2.1(c);

(d)

assist in the allocation and prioritisation of AML/TFS resources; and

(e)

assist in the carrying out of the customer risk assessment under Chapter 7.

6.1.3 Without limiting compliance with Rules 6.1.1 and 6.1.2, prior to launching any new product, service, or business practice, or using a new or developing technology, a Relevant Person must take reasonable steps to ensure that it has:

(a)

assessed and identified the money laundering risks relating to the product, service, business practice or technology; and

(b)

taken appropriate steps to mitigate or eliminate the risks identified under (a).

Guidance

1.

Unless a Relevant Person understands the money laundering risks to which it is exposed, it cannot take appropriate steps to prevent its business from being used for the purposes of money laundering. Money laundering risks vary from business to business depending on the nature of the business, the type of customers a business