 regimes by organisations referred to in (a); or

(iii)

reports by other relevant non-government organisations or specialist commercial organisations;

(e)

whether adequate arrangements exist for co-operation between the AML/TFS regulator in that jurisdiction and the Regulator.

(2)

A Relevant Person making an assessment under (1) must rely only on sources of information that are reliable and up to date.

(3)

A Relevant Person must keep adequate records of how it made its assessment, including the sources and materials considered.

Guidance

1.

In complying with Rule 9.1.1(3)(a), "immediately obtaining the necessary CDD information" means obtaining all relevant CDD information, and not just basic information such as name and address. However, compliance can be achieved by having the information sent in an email or other appropriate means. For the avoidance of doubt, it does not necessarily require a Relevant Person to immediately obtain the underlying certified documents used by the third party to undertake its CDD because under Rule 9.1.1(3)(b), these need only be available on request without delay.

2.

The Regulator would expect a Relevant Person, in complying with Rule 9.1.1(5), to fill any gaps in the CDD process as soon as it becomes aware that a customer or Beneficial Owners has not been identified and verified by the third party in a manner consistent with these Rules.

3.

If a Relevant Person acquires another business, either in whole or in substantial part, the Regulator would permit the Relevant Person to rely on the CDD conducted by the business it is acquiring, but would expect the Relevant Person to have done the following:

(a)

as part of its due diligence for the acquisition, to have taken a reasonable sample of the prospective customers to assess the quality of the CDD undertaken; and

(b)

to have undertaken CDD on all the customers to cover any deficiencies identified in (a) as soon as possible following the acquisition, prioritising high-risk customers.

4.

Where the legislative framework of a jurisdiction (such as secrecy or data protection legislation) prevents a Relevant Person from having access to CDD information upon request without delay as referred to in Rule 9.1.1(3)(b), the

Confidential

63

AML VER10.020125

Relevant Person should undertake the relevant CDD itself and should not seek to rely on the relevant third party.

5.

If a Relevant Person relies on a third party located in a foreign jurisdiction to conduct one or more elements of CDD on its behalf, the Relevant Person must ensure that the foreign jurisdiction has AML/TFS regulations which are equivalent to the standards in the FATF Recommendations (see Rule 9.1.1(3)(c)).

6.

Relevant Persons should follow directives issued by the NAMLCFTC. For example, Relevant Persons are prohibited from using third parties located in Jurisdictions Subject to a Call for Action to perform CDD.

9.2

Business partner identification

9.2.1

(1)

Prior to establishing the business relationship, a Relevant Person must establish and verify the identity of its business partners by obtaining sufficient and satisfactory evidence of the identity of any business partner it relies upon in carrying on its Regulated Activities.

(a)

A Relevant Person must maintain accurate and up-to-date information and conduct ongoing due diligence on its business partners, throughout the course of the business relationship.

(b)

If at any time a Relevant Person becomes aware that it lacks sufficient information or documentation concerning a business partner's identification, or develops a concern about the accuracy of its current information or documentation, it must promptly obtain appropriate material to verify such business partner's identity.

(2)

In the context of this Rule, a 'business partner' includes:

(a)

a third party as specified in Rule 9.1.1(1);

(b)

a member of the Relevant Person's Group;

(c)

a Correspondent Bank; or

(d)

any other service provider.

(3)

A Relevant Person that establishes, operates or maintains a Correspondent Account for a Correspondent Banking Client must ensure that it has arrangements to:

(a)

conduct due diligence in respect of the opening of a Correspondent Account for a Correspondent Banking Client, including measures to identify:

(i)

its ownership and management structure;

Confidential

64

AML VER10.020125

(ii)

its major business activities and