ically Exposed Persons (PEPs) and corruption

1.

Individuals who have, or have had, a high political profile, or hold, or have held, public office, may pose a higher money laundering risks to a Relevant Person as their position may make them prone to corruption. This risk also extends to members of their families and to known close associates. Being a PEP does not, in itself, of course, incriminate individuals or entities.

2.

Generally, a foreign PEP presents a higher risk of money laundering because there is a greater risk that such a Person, if he were undertaking money laundering, would attempt to place his money offshore, away from his home jurisdiction, where he is less likely to be recognised as a PEP and where it would be more difficult for law enforcement agencies in his home jurisdiction to confiscate or freeze his criminal proceeds.

3.

A Relevant Person should be aware that customer relationships with family members or close associates of PEPs involve similar risks to those with PEPs themselves.

Confidential

52

AML VER10.020125

4.

The risk of corruption-related money laundering increases where a Relevant Person deals with a PEP. Corruption may involve serious crimes and has become the subject of increasing global concern. Corruption offences are predicate crimes under Federal AML Legislation.

5.

The Regulator considers that after leaving office a PEP remains a higher risk for money laundering if such an individual continues to exert political influence or otherwise poses a risk of being involved in corruption.

6.

The fact that an individual is a PEP does not automatically mean that the individual must be assessed to be a high-risk customer: however, Enhanced CDD still needs to be undertaken on PEPs. A Relevant Person will need to assess the particular circumstances relating to each PEP to determine what risk category is appropriate.

Guidance on FATF Jurisdictions Under Increased Monitoring / Subject to a Call for Action

1.

A Relevant Person should maintain up-to-date lists of Jurisdictions Under Increased Monitoring and Jurisdictions Subject to a Call for Action and screen against them for potential exposure as part of CDD. Customer exposure to jurisdictions appearing on these lists should be taken into account when developing and applying risk-based measures relating to CDD. Customers exposed to such jurisdictions may present higher money laundering risks and specific counter-measures including Enhanced CDD may be required.

8.4

Enhanced Customer Due Diligence

8.4.1 Where a Relevant Person is required to undertake Enhanced CDD, having assigned a customer a high-risk rating or it or its Beneficial Owners is a PEP, then, in addition to CDD under Rule 8.3.1, it must:

(a)

obtain:

(i)

additional identification information on the customer and all Beneficial Owners;

(ii)

additional relationship;

information on the

intended nature of the business

(iii)

information on the reasons for a Transaction;

(b)

update the CDD information which it holds on the customer and any Beneficial Owners more regularly;

(c)

identify and verify:

(i)

the Source of Funds; and

Confidential

53

AML VER10.020125

(ii)

the Source of Wealth;

of the customer and, if applicable, all Beneficial Owners;

(d)

conduct enhanced monitoring of the business relationship, by increasing the frequency and intensity of controls applied, and determining which groups of transactions need further examination;

(e)

obtain the approval of Senior Management to commence a business relationship with the customer;

(f)

require the first payment to be carried out through an account in the customer’s name with a financial institution that is subject to AML/TFS regulation and supervision in a jurisdiction that has standards equivalent to those set out in the FATF Recommendations; and

(g)

for a customer who is a Natural Person, verify the current residential address (other than a post office box).

Guidance

1.

In Rule 8.4.1, Enhanced CDD measures are mandatory to the extent that they are applicable to the relevant customer or the circumstances of the business relationship and to the extent that the risks would reasonably require it. Therefore, the extent of additional measures to be conducted is a matter for the Relevant Person to determine on a case-by-case basis.

2.

In Rule 8.4.1(e), Senior Management approval may be given by an individual member of the Relevant Person's Senior Management or by a committee of senior managers appointed