 with the Supreme Council of National Security.

Means the Financial Action Task Force.

Means the publication entitled the "International Standards on Combatting Money Laundering and the Financing of Terrorism & Proliferation", as published and amended by the FATF.

Means the legislation described in section 258 of FSMR.

12

Confidential

AML VER10.020125

Term

FFR

FIU

Financial Crime

Financial Institution

Financial Services Permission

Financial Services Regulator

FSMR

goAML

Governing Body

Group

Definition

Means a fund freeze report to be filed via goAML in the prescribed format.

Means the Financial Intelligence Unit of the UAE.

Includes:

(a)

fraud or dishonesty;

(b) misconduct in or misuse of information relating to a

financial market;

(c)

handling the proceeds of crime; or

(d)

the financing of terrorism.

Means:

(a)

(i)

an Authorised Person; or

(ii)

any Person that carries out as its principal business an activity which would be a Regulated Activity if carried out in ADGM; and

(b)

that is not one of the following:

(i)

a governmental organisation, including the Central Bank of the UAE or its equivalent in any state; or

(ii)

a multilateral development bank.

Means a permission given, or having effect as if so given, by the Regulator in accordance with Part 4 of FSMR.

Means a established in a jurisdiction other than ADGM.

regulator of

financial services activities

Means the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015.

reporting portal Means administered by the FIU, and any successor portal, platform or reporting tool.

the

federally mandated

Means the board of directors, partners, committee of management or other governing body of an Undertaking.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

13

Confidential

AML VER10.020125

Term

Definition

Guidance

Has the meaning given in section 15(2) of FSMR.

HM Treasury

Means the UK government’s economic and finance ministry.

IMF

Means the International Monetary Fund.

International Organisation Means an organisation established by formal political the agreement between member countries, where agreement has the status of an international treaty, and the organisation is recognised in the law of countries which are members.

Jurisdictions Subject to a Call for Action

Means ‘high-risk jurisdictions subject to a call for action’ or any equivalent list of jurisdictions issued by FATF.

jurisdictions

identified by FATF as

Jurisdictions Under Increased Monitoring

Means jurisdictions identified by FATF as ‘jurisdictions under increased monitoring’ or any equivalent list of jurisdictions issued by FATF.

Legal Arrangement

Means express trusts or other similar legal arrangements.

Legal Person

Means any entity other than a Natural Person that can establish a customer relationship with a Relevant Person or otherwise own property. This can include companies, Bodies Corporate or unincorporate, trusts, foundations, partnerships, associations, states and governments and other relevantly similar entities.

Listed Body Corporate

Means, for the purposes of Rule 8.3.3(4), a Body Corporate listed on a stock exchange recognised by the Regulator.

Local Terrorist List

Means the UAE’s national terrorist list issued by the UAE Cabinet.

Money Laundering Reporting Officer (MLRO)

Means, for the purposes of an Authorised Person other than a Credit Rating Agency, the Controlled Function described in GEN 5.3.8 and for a Recognised Body, the Key Individual described in MIR 2.3.2.

NAMLCFTC

Means the National Anti-Money Laundering and Combatting Financing of Terrorism and Financing of Illegal Organizations Committee of the UAE.

Natural Person

Means an individual.

14

Confidential

AML VER10.020125

Term

Definition

Non-Face-to-Face (NFTF) Where a customer is not physically present for a business

operation or transaction with a Relevant Person.

Non-Profit Organisation (NPO)

Means a Legal Person or arrangement or organisation that primarily engages in raising or disbursing funds for religious, cultural, purposes such as charitable, educational, social or fraternal purposes or for other charitable purpose.

OECD

Means the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.

OFAC

Means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury.

Parent

Means