 all funds are fully accounted for, and are spent in a manner that is consistent with the purpose and objectives of its stated activities; and

(d)

the relevant measures that it has taken to confirm the identity, credentials and good standing of beneficiaries and associated NPOs to ensure that they are not involved with terrorists or terrorist organisations and that its charitable funds are not used to support terrorists or terrorist organisations.

16.2 Record Keeping

16.2.1 An NPO must maintain for a period of at least six years records of its obligations required under Rule 16.1.2, covering both domestic and international transactions, which are sufficiently detailed to verify that funds have been received and spent in a manner consistent with the purpose and objectives of the NPO.

16.3 Co-operation

16.3.1 An NPO must deal with the Regulator in an open and co-operative manner and keep the Regulator informed of significant events or anything else relating to the NPO of which the Regulator would reasonably expect to be notified.

16.3.2 An NPO must, at the request of the Regulator:

(a)

give or procure the giving of specified information, Documents, files, tapes, computer data or other material in the NPO's possession or control to the Regulator;

(b)

make its Employees readily available for meetings with the Regulator;

Confidential

95

AML VER10.020125

(c)

give the Regulator access to any information, Documents, records, files, tapes, computer data or systems, which are within the NPO's possession or control and provide any facilities to the Regulator;

(d)

permit the Regulator to copy Documents or other material on the premises of the NPO at the NPO's expense;

(e)

provide any copies of those Documents or other material as requested by the Regulator; and

(f)

answer truthfully, fully and promptly, all questions which are put to it by the Regulator.

Guidance

1.

An NPO should have systems and controls in place to identify donors, including where a donor is resident and, where the donor is not a Natural Person, the activities it undertakes.

2.

An NPO should take into consideration money laundering risks posed by a donor, including as a result of the jurisdiction in which the donor is resident or the activities the donor undertakes.

3.

Where a donor is resident in a high-risk jurisdiction, an NPO should conduct a risk-based assessment to identify money laundering risks posed by that donor.

4.

An NPO should encourage donors to make donations through financial channels offered by Financial Institutions regulated by the Regulator or another Financial Services Regulator.

Confidential

96