.1.2 The Regulator may delegate its powers for the registration, suspension and cancellation

of a DNFBP’s registration to the Registrar of Companies.

15.2 Criteria for registration as a DNFBP

15.2.1 (1)

To be registered as a DNFBP, an applicant must demonstrate to the Regulator’s satisfaction that:

(a)

it is fit and proper to perform AML/TFS functions; and

(b)

it has adequate resources, systems and controls, including policies and procedures, to comply with all applicable AML/TFS requirements under Federal AML Legislation, FSMR and these Rules;

(2)

In assessing if an applicant is fit and proper under (1)(a), the Regulator may, without limiting the matters it may take into account under that paragraph, consider the applicant, its senior management, its Beneficial Owners, other entities in its Group and any other Person with whom it has a relationship.

(3)

The Regulator will in assessing if an applicant is fit and proper, consider the cumulative effect of matters that, if considered individually, may be regarded as insufficient to give reasonable cause to doubt the fitness and propriety of the applicant.

15.3 Application for registration as a DNFBP

15.3.1 A Person may apply to the Regulator to be registered as a DNFBP by completing and

submitting the appropriate form.

15.3.2 The Regulator may require an applicant to provide additional information or documents reasonably required by the Regulator for it to be able to consider an application for

Confidential

91

AML VER10.020125

registration including, but not limited to, information or documents relating to the activities, ownership, group structure, financial and other resources of the applicant.

15.3.3 Where, at any time between filing an application and the grant or refusal of registration as a DNFBP, an applicant becomes aware of a material change in its circumstances that is reasonably likely to be relevant to its application it shall inform the Regulator in writing of the change without delay.

15.3.4 Any Person who is a DNFBP upon the making of this Chapter and was previously a

Relevant Person prior to the making of this Chapter:

(a)

is deemed to be registered as a DNFBP at the time of the making of this Chapter; and

(b)

must apply for registration under Rule 15.3:

(i)

within 12 months of the making of this Chapter; or

(ii)

at the date of the renewal of its Commercial Licence under the Commercial Licensing Regulations;

whichever comes first.

15.4 Grant of an application

15.4.1 The Regulator may grant an application for DNFBP registration as a DNFBP if it is satisfied

that the applicant meets the criteria for registration under Rule 15.2.

15.4.2 Where the Regulator decides to register a DNFBP, it shall as soon as is practicable inform the applicant in writing of that decision and of the date on which registration is to take effect.

15.5 Refusal of an application

15.5.1 The Regulator may refuse to grant an application for DNFBP registration where it is not

satisfied that the applicant meets the criteria for registration under Rule 15.2.

15.6 DNFBP notifications

15.6.1 A DNFBP must promptly notify the Regulator of any change in its:

(a)

name;

(b)

legal status;

(c)

address;

Confidential

92

AML VER10.020125

(d)

MLRO;

(e)

senior management; or

(f)

Beneficial ownership.

15.6.2 (1)

A DNFBP must notify the Regulator in writing at least ten Business Days in advance of it ceasing to carry on the business activities that establish it as a DNFBP.

(2)

The notice must include a request to cancel its registration, an explanation of the reason for the DNFBP ceasing business, the planned date of the cessation of its activities, and copies of any relevant documents must be submitted with the notice.

15.7 Suspension and withdrawal of DNFBP registration

15.7.1 (1)

The Regulator may suspend the registration of a DNFBP at the request of the DNFBP or on its own initiative.

(2)

The Regulator may