 Person to comply with the requirements of Article 21 of Cabinet Decision No. (74) of 2020.

(5)

A Relevant Person must immediately notify the Regulator in writing if it becomes aware of non-compliance by a Person with a finding, recommendation, guidance, directive, resolution, Sanction, notice or other conclusion and provide the Regulator with sufficient details of the Person concerned and the nature of the non-compliance.

Guidance

1.

The purpose of this Rule is to ensure that a Relevant Person takes into consideration the broad range of tools used by competent authorities and international organisations to communicate AML/TFS risks to stakeholders.

2.

The Regulator may require enhanced CDD or other specific countermeasures to address risks identified in a specific country or jurisdiction. The Regulator may impose such countermeasures either when called upon to do so by FATF or independently of any FATF request.

3.

Relevant Persons considering Transactions or business relationships with Persons located in countries or jurisdictions that have been identified as deficient, or against which the UAE or the Regulator have outstanding advisories, should be aware of the background against which the assessments or the specific recommendations have been made. These circumstances should be taken into account in respect of business introduced from such jurisdictions, and when receiving inward payments for existing customers or in respect of inter-bank transactions. The NAMLCFTC website provides information concerning national AML/TFS initiatives, including countermeasures for high-risk countries and updates on developments for high-risk countries.

4.

The Relevant Person's MLRO is not obliged to report all Transactions from these countries or jurisdictions to the FIU if they do not qualify as suspicious under

Confidential

77

AML VER10.020125

Federal AML Legislation (see Chapter 14 on Suspicious Activity/Transaction Reports) unless otherwise instructed to do so by the NAMLCFTC.

5.

Transactions with counterparties located in countries or jurisdictions which are no longer identified as deficient or have been relieved from special scrutiny (for example, taken off sources mentioned in this Guidance) may nevertheless require attention which is higher than normal.

6.

In order to assist Relevant Persons, the Regulator may publish findings, guidance, directives or Sanctions from UAE authorities, the FATF or other relevant bodies. However, the Regulator expects a Relevant Person to take its own steps in acquiring relevant information from various available sources. For example, a Relevant Person may obtain relevant information from consolidated lists of financial Sanctions published by the European Union, HM Treasury, and OFAC.

7.

In addition, the systems and controls mentioned in Rule 11.2.1 should be established and maintained by a Relevant Person taking into account its risk assessment under Chapters 6 and 7. In relation to the term "make appropriate use" in Rule 11.2.1, this may mean that a Relevant Person cannot undertake a Transaction for or on behalf of a Person or that it may need to undertake further due diligence in respect of such a Person.

8.

A Relevant Person should be proactive in obtaining and appropriately using available national and international information, for example, suspect lists or databases from credible public or private sources with regard to money laundering, including obtaining relevant information from sources mentioned in Guidance 6 above. The Regulator encourages Relevant Persons to perform checks against their customer databases and records for any names appearing on such lists and databases as well as to monitor Transactions accordingly.

9.

The risk of terrorists entering the financial system can be reduced if Relevant Persons apply effective AML/TFS strategies, particularly with respect to CDD. Relevant Persons should assess which countries carry the highest risks and should conduct an analysis of Transactions from countries or jurisdictions known to be a source of terrorist financing.

10.

The Regulator may require Relevant Persons to take any special measures it may prescribe with respect to certain types of Transactions or accounts where the Regulator reasonably believes that any of the above may pose a money laundering risks to ADGM.

11.

Relevant Persons are required to have arrangements in place to ensure the ability to comply with all applicable Sanctions in relation to physical delivery of commodities including Spot Commodities.

12.

Relevant Persons are reminded that the UAE has regulations in place relating to controls on the export and import of dual-use goods. Relevant Persons should ensure they are in compliance with such regulations. The EOCN makes a list of dual-use goods that are subject to export and import controls available on its website