 9.1.1(1);

(b)

a member of the Relevant Person's Group;

(c)

a Correspondent Bank; or

(d)

any other service provider.

(3)

A Relevant Person that establishes, operates or maintains a Correspondent Account for a Correspondent Banking Client must ensure that it has arrangements to:

(a)

conduct due diligence in respect of the opening of a Correspondent Account for a Correspondent Banking Client, including measures to identify:

(i)

its ownership and management structure;

Confidential

64

AML VER10.020125

(ii)

its major business activities and customer base;

(iii)

its location; and

(iv)

the intended purpose of the Correspondent Account;

(b)

identify all third parties that will use the Correspondent Account; and

(c)

monitor Transactions processed through a Correspondent Account that has been opened by a Correspondent Banking Client, in order to detect and report any suspicion of money laundering.

Guidance

Under (2)(d), service providers include agents that directly facilitate the activities of Authorised Persons in servicing their clients, as distinct from other service providers that provide purely ancillary services, such as IT, facilities management etc. to an Authorised Person.

9.2.2 A Relevant Person must not:

(1)

establish a correspondent banking relationship with a Shell Bank;

(2)

establish or keep anonymous accounts or accounts in false names; or

(3)

maintain a nominee account which is held in the name of one Person, but controlled by or held for the benefit of another Person whose identity has not been disclosed to the Relevant Person.

Guidance

1.

"Know your business partner" is as important as "Know Your Customer". A Relevant Person is therefore required to verify the identity of a prospective business partner and to obtain evidence of it. The same documentation that is used to identify customers should be obtained from the business partner prior to conducting any business.

2.

A Relevant Person should verify whether any secrecy or data protection law exists in the country of incorporation of the business partner that would prevent access to relevant data.

3.

The requirement to identify the business partner is meant to cover only those business partners who may pose any relevant money laundering risks to the Relevant Person. Hence, a Relevant Person would not be required to establish and verify the identity of, for example, its maintenance or cleaning service.

4.

The Regulator may take into account the identity of a Relevant Person's business partner and the nature of their relationship in considering the fitness and propriety of a Relevant Person.

Confidential

65

AML VER10.020125

5.

Before entering into a business relationship, a Relevant Person should conduct a due diligence investigation, which includes ensuring that the business partner is an existing Person authorised to conduct the kind of business in question and, if applicable, verifying that this Person is duly regulated by a Financial Services Regulator or other relevant regulatory authority or regulator. In accordance with "The Wolfsberg Anti-Money Laundering Principles for Correspondent Banking", the Relevant Person should take into account, and verify the nature of:

(a)

the business to be conducted and the major business activities of the business partner;

(b)

the jurisdiction where the business partner is located as well as that of its parent; and

(c)

the transparency and the nature of the ownership and the management structure.

6.

A Relevant Person may also gather information about the reputation of the business partner, including whether it has been subject to investigation or regulatory action in relation to money laundering.

7.

A Relevant Person should adopt a risk-based approach when verifying its laundering risks business partners' assessment of the Relevant Person's business partner, the Relevant Person should decide the level of detail of the business partner identification and verification process.

identities. Depending on the money

8.

A Relevant Person should have in place specific arrangements to ensure that adequate due diligence and identification measures with regard to the business relationship are taken.

9.

The Relevant Person should conduct regular reviews of the relationship with its business partners.

10.

The Senior Management or Governing Body of a Relevant Person should give its approval before it establishes any new correspondent banking relationships.

11.

A Relevant Person should also have arrangements to guard against establishing a business relationship with business partners who permit their accounts to be used by Shell Banks; further details on the definition of Shell Banks are set out in Guidance 2 to Rule 10.2.2.

9.3

Outsourcing and agents

