's obligations in relation to both Sanctions issued by the UNSC and other Sanctions, and government, regulatory and

Confidential

4

AML VER10.020125

international findings in relation to money laundering, terrorist financing and the financing of weapons of mass destruction (“WMD”).

12.

Chapter 12 sets out the obligation for a Relevant Person to appoint an MLRO and the responsibilities of such a Person.

13.

Chapter 13 sets out the requirements for AML/TFS training and awareness. A Relevant Person should adopt the RBA when complying with Chapter 13, so as to make its training and awareness proportionate to the money laundering risks of the business and the role of the relevant Employee(s).

14.

Chapter 14 contains the obligations applying to all Relevant Persons concerning Suspicious Activity/Transaction Reports, which are required to be made under Federal AML Legislation.

15.

Chapter 15 sets out additional obligations applying to DNFBPs, including registration and notification requirements.

16.

Chapter 16 sets out the obligations applying to Relevant Persons that are NPOs.

The UAE criminal law

17.

Under Article 3 of Federal Decree By Law No. 20 of 2018, a Relevant Person may be criminally liable for the offence of money laundering if such an activity is intentionally committed in its name or for its account. Relevant Persons are also reminded that:

(a)

the failure to report suspicions of money laundering;

(b)

"tipping off"; and

(c)

assisting in the commission of money laundering,

may each constitute a criminal offence that is punishable under the laws of the UAE.

18.

Under Article 27 of Federal Decree Law No. (20) of 2018 on Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Financing of Illegal Organisations, Relevant Persons and their Directors and Employees are protected from criminal, civil or administrative penalty or sanction when providing any information, including confidential information, as part of a good faith report made pursuant to Federal AML Legislation to relevant regulatory bodies.

Financial Action Task Force Standards

19.

The Financial Action Task Force (“FATF”) is an inter-governmental body whose purpose is the development and promotion of international standards to combat money laundering and terrorist financing.

Confidential

5

AML VER10.020125

20.

The Regulator has had regard to the FATF Recommendations in making these Rules and has determined to closely align these Rules with the FATF Recommendations, where that is deemed to be necessary and appropriate. A Relevant Person may wish to refer to the FATF Recommendations and Interpretive Notes to assist it in complying with these Rules. However, in the event that a FATF Recommendation or Interpretive Note conflicts with a Rule in the AML Rulebook, the relevant Rule takes precedence.

21.

A Relevant Person may also wish to refer to the FATF typology reports, which may assist in identifying new money laundering threats and provide information on money laundering and terrorist and proliferation financing methods. The FATF typology reports cover many pertinent topics for Relevant Persons, including corruption, new payment methods, money laundering using trusts and Company Service Providers, and vulnerabilities of free trade zones. These typology reports can be found on the FATF website www.fatf-gafi.org.

Basel Committee Standards

22.

The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision has published a set of guidelines for banks (Sound Management of Risks related to Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism, January 2014) which are intended to supplement FATF Recommendations. Banks operating in ADGM should read the Basel Committee guidelines in conjunction with FATF Recommendations and in complying with these Rules.

23.

In the event that any of the Basel Committee guidelines conflict with a Rule in the AML Rulebook, the relevant Rule takes precedence.

Wolfsberg Group

24.

The Wolfsberg Group is an association of thirteen global banks that has published guidance aimed at assisting financial institutions in managing money laundering risks (Wolfsberg Statement Guidance on a Risk Based Approach for Managing Money Laundering Risks, March 2006) and in preventing terrorist financing (Wolfsberg Statement on the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism, January 2002). Banks operating in ADGM should be familiar with relevant Wolfsberg Group published guidance in conjunction with the FATF Recommendations and in complying with these Rules.

25.

In the event that any part of the Wolfsberg Group published guidance