;

(f)

any other relevant governmental authority;

(g)

any relevant inter-governmental or supra-national authority; or

(h)

any of their successors.

Means any official list of Persons, entities or groups targeted by Sanctions.

Means in relation to a Relevant Person every member of the Relevant Person's executive management and includes:

(a)

for an ADGM Entity, every member of the Relevant Person's Governing Body;

(b)

for a Branch, the Person or Persons who control the day-to-day operations of the Relevant Person in ADGM;

(c)

for an auditor, every member of the Relevant Person's executive management in the UAE.

Means a Natural Person or legal entity governed by private or public law, who holds, directly or indirectly:

(a)

Shares of the Issuer in its own name and on its own account;

(b)

Shares of the Issuer in its own name, but on behalf of another Natural Person or legal entity; or

(c)

depository receipts, in which case the holder of the depository receipt shall be considered as the shareholder of the underlying Shares represented by the depository receipts.

A bank that has no physical presence in the country in which it is incorporated or licensed and which is not affiliated with a regulated financial Group that is subject to effective consolidated supervision.

Means Customer Due Diligence that has been modified pursuant to the operation of AML 8.5.

17

Confidential

AML VER10.020125

Term

Source of Funds

Source of Wealth

Spot Commodity

Suspicious Activity/Transaction Report (SAR/STR)

Targeted Sanctions (TFS)

Financial

Transaction

UAE

Undertaking

UN Consolidated List

UNSC

Unlawful Organisation

Virtual Asset

Waiver

Definition

Means the origin of customer's funds which relate to a Transaction or service and includes how such funds are connected to a customer's Source of Wealth.

Means how the customer's global wealth or net worth is or was acquired or accumulated.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Means a report in the prescribed format regarding suspicious activity, including a suspicious Transaction, made to the FIU via goAML.

Means financial Sanctions issued by the UNSC or the UAE against specific individuals, entities or groups in order to combat terrorism, terrorist financing and the proliferation of WMD, including those listed on the Local Terrorist List or the UNSC Consolidated List on this basis. Financial Sanctions include asset freezing and prohibitions on making funds or other assets or services directly or indirectly available for the benefit of the target of the relevant Sanctions.

Means any transaction undertaken by a Relevant Person for or on behalf of a customer in the course of carrying on a business in or from ADGM.

Means the United Arab Emirates.

Means:

(a)

a Body Corporate or Partnership; or

(b)

an unincorporated association carrying on a trade or business, with or without a view to profit.

Means the consolidated list of all individuals and entities subject to measures imposed by the UNSC.

Means the United Nations Security Council.

Means an organisation, the establishment or activities of which have been declared to be criminal under Federal AML Legislation.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Means in relation to GEN 8.2 written notice provided under FSMR.

18

Confidential

AML VER10.020125

Term

WMD

Definition

Means weapons of mass destruction.

Confidential

19

AML VER10.020125

4.

GENERAL COMPLIANCE REQUIREMENTS

4.1

General requirements

4.1.1

(1)

A Relevant Person must establish and maintain effective AML/TFS policies, procedures, systems and controls to prevent opportunities for money laundering, in relation to the Relevant Person and its activities.

(2)

A Relevant Person's AML/TFS policies, procedures, systems and controls must:

(a)

ensure compliance with Federal AML Legislation;

(b)

enable suspicious Persons and Transactions to be detected and reported;

(c)

ensure the Relevant Person is able to provide an appropriate audit trail of a Transaction; and

(d)

ensure compliance with any other obligation in these Rules.

(3)

A Relevant Person must take reasonable steps to ensure that its Employees comply with the relevant requirements of its AML/TFS policies, procedures, systems and controls.

(4)

A Relevant Person must review the effectiveness of its AML/TFS policies, procedures