 of customer exposure to Jurisdictions Subject to a Call for Action, Enhanced CDD should always be undertaken.

Increased Monitoring, this may

12.

Pursuant to directives of the NAMLCFTC, Relevant Persons must exercise appropriate levels of due diligence on Transactions originating from, routed through or destined for Jurisdictions Subject to a Call for Action and any other financial or non-financial engagement involving an individual or entity from such jurisdictions.

13.

Relevant Persons should ensure they are aware of and comply with the requirements of the FIU relating to the filing of a High Risk Country Transaction

Confidential

55

AML VER10.020125

Report or a High Risk Country Activity Report (as applicable) via goAML. Currently, these must be filed prior to conducting Transactions where the remitter or the beneficiary is an individual or entity associated with a Jurisdiction Subject to a Call for Action. Such Transactions may only be executed in line with guidance issued by the FIU.

8.5

Simplified Customer Due Diligence

8.5.1

(1)

Where a Relevant Person is permitted to undertake Simplified CDD under Rule 8.1.1(4), modification of Rule 8.3.1 may include:

(a)

verifying the identity of the customer and any Beneficial Owners after the establishment of the business relationship;

(b)

deciding to reduce the frequency of, or as appropriate not undertake, customer identification updates;

(c)

deciding not to verify an identification document other than by requesting a copy;

(d)

reducing the degree of ongoing monitoring of Transactions, based on a reasonable monetary threshold or on the nature of the Transaction; and

(e)

not collecting specific information or carrying out specific measures to the business understand relationship, but inferring such purpose and nature from the type of Transactions or business relationship established.

the purpose and

intended nature of

(2)

The modification undertaken under (1) must be proportionate to the customer's money laundering risks.

Guidance

1.

A Relevant Person should not use a "one size fits all" approach for all of its low- risk customers. Notwithstanding that the risks may be low for all such customers in that category, the extent of CDD undertaken needs to be proportionate to the specific risks identified on a case-by-case basis.

2.

A Relevant Person might reasonably reduce the frequency of or, as appropriate, eliminate customer identification updates where the money laundering risks are low and the service provided does not offer a realistic opportunity for money laundering.

3.

An example of where a Relevant Person might reasonably reduce the degree of ongoing monitoring and scrutinising of Transactions, based on a reasonable monetary threshold or on the nature of the Transaction, would be where the Transaction is a recurring, fixed contribution to a savings scheme, investment portfolio or fund or where the monetary value of the Transaction is not material

Confidential

56

AML VER10.020125

for money laundering purposes given the nature of the customer and the Transaction type.

8.6

Ongoing Customer Due Diligence

8.6.1 When undertaking ongoing CDD under Rule 8.3.1(1)(d), a Relevant Person must:

(a)

monitor Transactions undertaken during the course of its customer relationship to ensure that the Transactions are consistent with the Relevant Person's knowledge of the customer, his business and risk rating;

(b)

pay particular attention to any complex or unusually large Transactions or unusual patterns of Transactions that have no apparent or visible economic or legitimate purpose;

(c)

enquire into the background and purpose of the Transactions in (b);

(d)

periodically review the adequacy of the CDD information it holds on customers and Beneficial Owners to ensure that the information is kept up to date, particularly for customers with a high-risk rating; and

(e)

periodically review each customer to ensure that the risk rating assigned to a customer under Rule 7.1.1(1)(b) remains appropriate for the customer in light of the money laundering risks.

8.6.2 A Relevant Person must apply an intensified and ongoing monitoring programme with

respect to higher risk Transactions and customers.

Guidance

1.

The customer identification process does not end at the time of establishing a business relationship with a customer or, where relevant, undertaking a specific transaction or business activity on behalf of a customer. Following the start of the customer relationship, a Relevant Person should ensure that all relevant evidence