

Term

Definition

Non-Face-to-Face (NFTF) Where a customer is not physically present for a business

operation or transaction with a Relevant Person.

Non-Profit Organisation (NPO)

Means a Legal Person or arrangement or organisation that primarily engages in raising or disbursing funds for religious, cultural, purposes such as charitable, educational, social or fraternal purposes or for other charitable purpose.

OECD

Means the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.

OFAC

Means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury.

Parent

Means a Holding Company as defined in section 1015 of the Companies Regulations.

Partner

Means, in relation to an Undertaking which is a Partnership, a Person occupying the position of a partner, by whatever name called.

Partnership

Means any partnership, including a partnership constituted under the law of a country, jurisdiction or territory outside ADGM, but not including a Limited Liability Partnership.

Payment Transaction

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Penal Code

Means Federal Law No. (31) of 2021 (the Penal Code of the UAE).

Person

Means a person and includes any Natural Person, Body including a Legal Corporate or body unincorporated, Person, unincorporated Partnership, company, association, government or state.

PNMR

Means partial name match report to be filed via goAML in the prescribed format.

Politically Exposed Person (PEP)

Means a Natural Person, and includes where relevant a family member or close associate, who is or has been entrusted with a prominent public function, including but not limited to, a head of state or of government, senior officials and international or supranational organisation, senior politician, senior government, judicial or military official, ambassador, senior executive of a state owned corporation, or an important

functionaries of an

15

Confidential

AML VER10.020125

Term

Recognised Body

Recognition Order

Regulated Activity

Regulated Financial Institution

Regulation

Regulator

Relevant Person

Representative Office

Restricted Scope Company

RBA

Rule

Sanctions

Definition

political party official, but not middle ranking or more junior individuals in these categories.

Means a Recognised Investment Exchange or a Recognised Clearing House.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Has the meaning given in section 19 of FSMR.

A Person who does not hold a Financial Services Permission or a Recognition Order but who in a jurisdiction other than ADGM to carry on any financial service by another Financial Services Regulator.

is authorised

Means any regulation made by the ADGM Board.

Means the ADGM Financial Services Regulatory Authority.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Means the business operations of Person authorised to carry on the Regulated Activity of Operating a Representative Office in ADGM and which actually carries on the Regulated Activity of Operating a Representative Office.

Has the meaning given in section 3(4) of the Companies Regulations.

Means a risk-based approach, as further detailed in Chapter 5.

Means any rule made by the Regulator or the ADGM Board, as applicable, in accordance with Part 2 of FSMR.

Means any law executing foreign policy, security, sanction, trade embargo, or anti-terrorism objectives or similar restrictions imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by:

(a)

the UAE;

(b)

the United Nations Security Council;

(c)

the European Union;

(d) HM Treasury of the United Kingdom;

16

Confidential

AML VER10.020125

Term

Sanctions List

Senior Management

Shareholder

Shell Bank

Simplified Customer Due Diligence

Definition

(e)

the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) of the U.S. Department of the Treasury;

(f)

any other relevant governmental authority;

(g)

any relevant inter-governmental or supra-national authority; or

(h)

any of their successors.

Means any official list of Persons, entities or groups targeted by Sanctions.

Means in relation to a Relevant Person every member of the Relevant Person's executive management and includes:

(a)

for an ADGM Entity, every member of the Relevant Person's Governing Body;

(b)

for a Branch, the Person or Persons who control the day-to-day operations of the Relevant Person in ADGM;

(c)

for an auditor, every member of the Relevant Person