 Person's AML/TFS training must be recorded,

including:

(a)

dates when the training was given;

(b)

the nature of the training; and

(c)

the names of the Employees who received the training.

13.3.2 These records must be kept for at least six years from the date on which the training was

given.

Guidance

1.

The Regulator considers it appropriate that all new relevant Employees of a Relevant Person be given appropriate AML/TFS training as soon as reasonably practicable after commencing employment with the Relevant Person, and thereafter on a periodic basis.

2.

A relevant Employee would include a member of the Senior Management or operational staff, any Employee with customer contact or who handles or may handle customer monies or assets, and any other Employee who might otherwise encounter money laundering in the business.

3.

Relevant Persons should take an RBA to AML/TFS training. The Regulator considers that AML/TFS training should be provided by a Relevant Person to each of its relevant Employees at intervals appropriate to the role and responsibilities of the Employee. In the case of an Authorised Person the Regulator expects that training should be provided to each relevant Employee at least annually.

4.

The manner in which AML/TFS training is provided by a Relevant Person need not be in a formal classroom setting, rather it may be via an online course or any other similarly appropriate manner.

Confidential

84

AML VER10.020125

14.

SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY/TRANSACTION REPORTS

14.1 Application and definitions

In this Chapter "money laundering" and “terrorist financing" means the criminal offences defined in Federal AML Legislation.

14.2

Internal reporting requirements

14.2.1 A Relevant Person must establish and maintain policies, procedures, systems and controls in order to monitor and detect suspicious activity or Transactions in relation to potential money laundering or terrorist financing.

14.2.2 A Relevant Person must have policies, procedures, systems and controls to ensure that whenever any Employee, acting in the ordinary course of his employment, either:

(a)

knows;

(b)

suspects; or

(c)

has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting,

that a Person is engaged in or attempting money laundering or terrorist financing, that Employee promptly notifies the Relevant Person's MLRO and provides the MLRO with all relevant details.

14.2.3 A Relevant Person must have policies and procedures to ensure that disciplinary action

can be taken against any Employee who fails to make such a report.

Guidance

1.

Circumstances that might give rise to suspicion or reasonable grounds for suspicion of money laundering or terrorist financing include:

(a)

Transactions which have no apparent purpose, which make no obvious economic sense, or which are designed or structured to avoid detection;

(b)

Transactions requested by a Person without reasonable explanation, which are out of the ordinary range of services normally requested or are outside the experience of a Relevant Person in relation to a particular customer;

(c)

where the size or pattern of Transactions, without reasonable explanation, is out of line with any pattern that has previously emerged or may have been deliberately structured to avoid detection;

Confidential

85

AML VER10.020125

(d)

a customer's refusal to provide the information requested without reasonable explanation;

(e)

where a customer who has just entered into a business relationship uses the relationship for a single Transaction or for only a very short period of time;

(f)

in extensive use of offshore accounts, companies or structures circumstances where the customer's economic needs do not support such requirements;

(g)

unnecessary routing of funds through third-party accounts; or

(h)

unusual Transactions without an apparently profitable motive.

2.

CDD measures form the basis for recognising suspicious activity or Transactions. Sufficient guidance must therefore be given to the Relevant Person's Employees to enable them to form a suspicion or to recognise when they have reasonable grounds to suspect that money laundering or terrorist financing is taking place. This should involve training that will enable relevant Employees to seek and assess the information that is required for them to judge whether a Person is involved in suspicious activity or Transactions related to money laundering or terrorist financing.

3.

Where appropriate, a Relevant Person should also utilise the methods described in paragraph 1 above to detect a range of Financial Crimes, including fraud. Bearing in mind the evolving nature of Financial Crime and the methods used to further it, a Relevant Person should apply best practice when