 powers under FSMR to impose a requirement restricting an Authorised Person or Recognised Body from disposing of or transferring property including, for example, assets or other funds suspected of relating to money laundering. It may also apply to the ADGM Courts for an order restraining a Person from transferring or disposing of any assets suspected of relating to money laundering or terrorist financing. In cases involving suspected money laundering or terrorist financing, the Regulator will usually take such action in coordination with the FIU.

Confidential

89

AML VER10.020125

15.

DNFBP REGISTRATION AND SUPERVISION

Guidance

1.

FSMR gives the Regulator the power to supervise DNFBPs’ compliance with relevant Federal AML Legislation. FSMR also gives the Regulator a number of other powers in relation to DNFBPs, including powers of enforcement. This includes the power to obtain information and to conduct investigations into possible breaches of FSMR. The Regulator may also impose fines for breaches of FSMR or the Rules. It may also suspend or withdraw the registration of a DNFBP in various circumstances.

2.

The Regulator takes a risk-based approach to regulation of persons which it supervises. Generally, the Regulator will work with DNFBPs to identify, assess, mitigate and control relevant risks where appropriate. The Guidance & Policies Manual (“GPM”) describes the Regulator’s enforcement powers under FSMR and outlines its policy for using these powers.

3.

Rule 15.1.1 requires a DNFBP to be registered by the Regulator to conduct its activities in ADGM. Rule 15.2.1 sets out the criteria a DNFBP must meet to be registered. The Regulator may suspend or withdraw the registration of a DNFBP where the DNFBP no longer meets the criteria for registration.

4.

A DNFBP is defined in Rule 3.2.1 and includes the following class of persons whose business is carried out in ADGM:

(a)

a real estate agency which carries out transactions with other Persons that involve the acquiring or disposing of real property;

(b)

a dealer in precious metals or precious stones;

(c)

a dealer in any saleable item of a price equal to or greater than USD15,000;

(d)

an accounting firm, audit firm, insolvency firm or taxation consulting firm;

(e)

a law firm, notary firm or other independent legal business; or

(f)

a Company Service Provider.

5.

In determining if a Person is a DNFPB the Regulator will adopt a ‘substance over form’ approach. That is, it will consider what business or profession is in fact being carried on, and its main characteristics, and not just what business or profession the Person purports, or is licensed, to carry on in ADGM.

6.

The Regulator considers that a “law firm, notary firm or other independent legal business, includes any business or profession that involves a legal service, including advice or services related to laws in the UAE The Regulator does not consider it necessary for the purposes of the definition that the:

Confidential

90

AML VER10.020125

(a)

Person is licensed to provide legal services in the UAE; or

(b)

the individuals or employees providing the legal service are qualified or authorised to do so.

7.

The Regulator considers that “accounting firm, audit firm, insolvency firm or taxation consulting firm”, includes forensic accounting services that use accounting skills, principles and techniques to investigate suspected illegal activity or to analyse financial information for use in legal proceedings.

15.1 DNFBP prohibition

15.1.1 A Person who is a DNFBP must not carry on any activities in or from ADGM unless that

Person is registered under AML 15.4 by the Regulator as a DNFBP.

15.1.2 The Regulator may delegate its powers for the registration, suspension and cancellation

of a DNFBP’s registration to the Registrar of Companies.

15.2 Criteria for registration as a DNFBP

15.2.1 (1)

To be registered as a DNFBP, an applicant must demonstrate to the Regulator’s satisfaction that:

(a)

it is fit and proper to perform AML/TFS functions; and

(b)

it has adequate resources, systems and controls, including policies and procedures, to comply with all applicable AML/TFS requirements under Federal AML