illary business services for consumption by the Relevant Person such as cleaning, catering, stationery, IT or other similar services.

4.

A Representative Office should not have any customers in relation to its ADGM operations.

3.2.1 The following terms and abbreviations bear the following meanings for the purposes of

these Rules.

Term

Definition

ADGM

Means the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

ADGM Board

Means the Board of Directors of ADGM.

ADGM Entity

Means a Legal Person which is incorporated or registered in ADGM, excluding a registered Branch.

Confidential

8

AML VER10.020125

Term

AML Rulebook

AML Return

AML/TFS

Authorised Person

Beneficial Owners

Body Corporate

Client

Client Agreement

Client Money

Definition

Means the Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions Rules and Guidance Rulebook.

Means the return which is required to be completed by Relevant Persons in accordance with AML 4.6.

including measures Means anti-money financing, proliferation undertaken against financing of unlawful organisations and financing, sanctions non-compliance, and the observance of and compliance with applicable Sanctions including Targeted Financial Sanctions.

laundering, terrorist

Means a Person, other than a Recognised Body, who is authorised under the FSMR.

Means, in relation to a customer, a Natural Person who ultimately owns or controls the customer or a Natural Person on whose behalf a transaction is conducted or a business relationship is established and includes:

(a)

in relation to a body corporate, a Person referred to in Rule 8.3.3(2);

(b)

in relation to a Partnership, a Person referred to in Rule 8.3.4(2);

(c)

in relation to a trust or other similar Legal Arrangement, a Person referred to in Rule 8.3.5(2); and

(d)

in relation to a foundation, a Person referred to in Rule 8.3.6(2).

Means any body corporate, including limited liability partnership and a body corporate constituted under the law of a country or territory outside of ADGM.

Means a Retail Client, Professional Client or Market Counterparty as defined in COBS 2.

Means an agreement between an Authorised Person and a Client which is made or entered into in accordance with COBS 3.3.

Means money of any currency which an Authorised Person holds on behalf of a Client, including any receivables of the Authorised Person in respect of bank accounts or clearing

9

Confidential

AML VER10.020125

Term

Definition

or brokerage accounts, or which an Authorised Person treats as Client Money, subject to the exclusions in COBS 14.2.6.

COBS

Means the Conduct of Business Rulebook.

Company

Includes:

(a)

any Body Corporate wherever incorporated; and

(b)

any unincorporated body constituted under the law of a country, territory or jurisdiction outside ADGM.

Company Service Provider Means a Person that, carries out the following services on

behalf of a customer:

(a)

acting as a formation agent of Legal Persons;

(b)

acting as, or arranging for another Person to act as, a director or secretary of a company, a partner of a partnership or a similar position in relation to other Legal Persons or Legal Arrangements;

(c)

providing a registered office, business address or accommodation, correspondence or administrative address for a company, a partnership or any other Legal Person or Legal Arrangement;

(d)

acting as, or arranging for another Person to act as, a trustee of an express trust or performing the equivalent function for another form of Legal Arrangement; or

(e)

acting as, or arranging for another Person to act as, a nominee shareholder for another Person.

Contract of Insurance

Has the meaning given in Part 4 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Contravention

Means a contravention of any Regulations or Rules made by the ADGM Board and the Regulator, as the case may be.

Correspondent Account

Means an account opened on behalf of a Correspondent Banking Client to receive deposits from, to make payments on behalf of or to otherwise handle financial transactions for or on behalf of the Correspondent Banking Client.

Correspondent Bank

Means a bank in a jurisdiction other than ADGM where an Authorised Person opens a Correspondent Account.

10

Confidential

AML VER