 Rulebook to each of the different types of Relevant Persons specified in Rule 1.2.1(1). This table is for guidance purposes only.

Confidential

1

AML VER10.020125

Application table

Relevant Person

Applicable Chapter(s)

Authorised Person, other than a Credit Rating Agency, or Recognised Body

1 - 14

Representative Office

1 - 6

11 - 14

DNFBP

1 - 9

11 - 15

NPO

16

1.3

Responsibility for compliance with the AML Rulebook

1.3.1 A Relevant Person's Governing Body is responsible for establishing, maintaining and monitoring the Relevant Person's AML/TFS policies, procedures, systems and controls and compliance with the AML Rulebook, FSMR, and all applicable Federal AML Legislation.

1.3.2 A Relevant Person's Governing Body must ensure the policies, procedures, systems and controls referred to in Rule 1.3.1 are effective to meet the obligations of the Relevant Person.

1.3.3

(1)

Responsibility for a Relevant Person's compliance with the AML Rulebook lies with every member of the Governing Body, and its Senior Management.

(2)

In carrying out their responsibilities under the AML Rulebook every member of a Relevant Person's Governing Body, its Senior Management and MLRO, as the case may be, must exercise due skill, care and diligence.

(3)

Nothing in this Rule precludes the Regulator from taking enforcement action against any Person, including any one or more of the following Persons, in respect of a breach of any Rule in the AML Rulebook:

(a)

a Relevant Person;

(b)

members of a Relevant Person's Senior Management; or

(c)

an Employee of a Relevant Person.

Confidential

2

AML VER10.020125

2.

OVERVIEW AND PURPOSE OF THE AML RULEBOOK

Guidance

1.

Under Section 15A of FSMR, the Regulator has jurisdiction for the regulation of AML/TFS in ADGM. The AML Rulebook sets out the requirements imposed by the Regulator. The UAE criminal law applies in ADGM and, therefore, Persons in ADGM must be aware of their obligations in respect of the criminal law as well as these Rules. Relevant UAE criminal laws include Federal AML Legislation and Federal Law No. (31) of 2021 (the Penal Code of the UAE). The Rules in the AML Rulebook should not be relied upon to interpret or determine the application of the criminal laws of the UAE.

2.

Federal AML Legislation applies in ADGM. It is amended as required and new legislation is also published. Persons in ADGM must ensure they have a current understanding of their obligations under Federal AML Legislation. The definition of Federal AML Legislation is broad. It includes all federal legislation as may be in force relating to money laundering, terrorist financing, proliferation financing, the financing of unlawful organisations and sanctions compliance including Targeted Financial Sanctions. Particular pieces of legislation to be aware of include:

(a)

Federal Law No. (7) of 2014 regarding Combatting Terrorism Offences;

(b)

Federal Decree Law No. (20) of 2018 on Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Financing of Illegal Organisations;

(c)

Cabinet Decision No. (10) of 2019 concerning the Implementing Regulation of Decree Law No. (20) of 2018;

(d)

Cabinet Decision No. (74) of 2020 concerning the Terrorism Lists Regulation and Implementation of UN Security Council Resolutions on the Suppression and Combatting of Terrorism, Terrorist Financing, Countering the Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction and its Financing and Relevant Resolutions.

3.

The AML Rulebook has been designed to provide a primary reference point for Relevant Persons that are supervised by the Regulator for AML/TFS compliance in accordance with the scope of application outlined in Rule 1.2.1. Accordingly it applies to all Relevant Persons, but to different degrees as provided in Rule 1.2.1(2). The AML Rulebook takes into consideration the fact that Relevant Persons have differing money laundering risk profiles. A Relevant Person should familiarise itself with the AML Rulebook and assess