, purpose and terms of the trust or arrangement; and

(b)

documentary evidence of the appointment of the trustee or any other person exercising powers under the trust or arrangement.

Confidential

47

AML VER10.020125

Guidance on CDD

1.

The information required under 8.3.2(2)(a) and (b) should be obtained through a review of an original current, valid passport or, where a customer does not own a passport, an official identification document which includes a photograph. For the purposes of Rule 8.3.2(2)(a) and (b) an official government identification document in digital form and issued by a governmental competent authority is considered valid.

2.

A Relevant Person should ensure that any documents used for the purpose of identification are original documents, whichever format they are in, including digital.

3.

The verification of a customer’s identity, including their address, should be based on official documents. Where that is not possible, a Relevant Person should consider using additional documents or information obtained from different independent sources to verify identity. Any lack of official documents and alternative means of verification should lead the Relevant Person to re-assess the customer’s risk classification and the associated level of due diligence to be undertaken.

4.

For residents of the UAE, the UAE Pass may be used to identify and verify the identity of a customer who is a Natural Person, and thereby satisfy the requirement to verify the address of that customer only where the UAE Pass is duly authenticated by the Relevant Person.

5.

The Relevant Person must always verify the address of a customer subject to Enhanced Customer Due Diligence under Rule 8.4.1.

6.

Where personal identity documents, such as a passport, identity card or other identification documentation cannot be reviewed in original form, the identification documentation provided should be certified as a true copy of the original document by any one of the following:

(a)

a registered lawyer;

(b)

a registered notary;

(c)

a chartered accountant;

(d)

a government ministry;

(e)

a post office;

(f)

a police officer; or

(g)

an embassy or consulate.

The individual or authority undertaking the certification should be contactable if necessary.

Confidential

48

AML VER10.020125

Where a copy of an original identification document is made by a Relevant Person, the copy should be dated, signed and marked with 'original sighted'.

7.

In complying with Rule 8.3.2(2), a Relevant Person should take reasonable steps to identify whether a customer has more than one nationality or residency rights in jurisdictions other than their jurisdiction of birth. The existence of such residency rights or dual nationality may be a potential risk factor and should be considered as such in the customer risk assessment required by Rule 7.1.1(3) and Rule 7.1.2.

8.

Where a Relevant Person uses eKYC for CDD purposes appropriate measures must be adopted to mitigate the risks that may arise from eKYC processes and the use of an eKYC System. A Relevant Person must ensure that eKYC is secure and effective, includes an appropriate combination of authentication factors when verifying the identity of the customer and ensure it is at least as stringent as face-to-face CDD. Measures should be in place to verify the authenticity of any official government identification document and the actual customer. A Relevant Person should also apply guidance on technical standards for biometric authentication issued by the Regulator or a competent authority of the UAE, as applicable.

9.

When employing an eKYC System to assist with CDD, a Relevant Person should:

a.

ensure that it has a thorough understanding of the eKYC System itself and the risks of eKYC, including those outlined by relevant guidance from FATF and other international standard setting bodies;

b.

comply with all the Rules of the Regulator relevant to eKYC including, but not limited to, applicable requirements regarding the business risk assessment, as per Rule 6.1, and outsourcing, as per Rule 9.3;

c.

combine eKYC with transaction monitoring, anti-fraud and cyber-security measures to support a wider framework preventing applicable Financial Crime; and

d.

take appropriate steps to identify, assess and mitigate the risk of the eKYC system being misused for the purposes of Financial Crime.

10.

In undertaking CDD, a Relevant Person that is a Recognised Body