 should monitor the forum or message board used to gauge Client interest to remove any potentially misleading or fraudulent posts.

(d) Marketing

As access to PFPs is restricted to registered Clients only, mass solicitation, advertising or canvassing of the PFP Transaction is not permitted.

However, a PFP Operator may promote its platform to the general public. Such communication may include general information about the PFP Operator, its business model and the PFP Prospects accepted on its platform. Such communication should not include any information on specific offers, research or recommendations relating to a PFP Prospect or a PFP transaction.

(e) Disclosure

A PFP Operator must disclose the following information to its Clients, either in written form or electronically through the PFP, to enable them to make an informed decision on whether to participate in a transaction on the PFP:

11

VER02.181223

(i)

how the PFP operates (e.g. whether it offers loan or investment based financing opportunities, financing opportunity; how Client Assets are held, how transactions through the PFP may be structured);

the process

for participating

in a

(ii)

the PFP Operator’s remuneration model (e.g. whether the PFP Operator is remunerated entirely by PFP Prospects by a percentage of funds raised or on a transaction basis by its Clients);

(iii)

the PFP Operator’s roles and obligations (including to Clients in any administrative / corporate actions in relation to the PFP Transactions). Where the PFP Operator and Clients relationship is non-advisory in nature, the PFP Operator must clearly disclose the fact and that the information presented does not constitute personal advice or a recommendation;

(iv)

the recourse available to Clients in the event of the failure of the PFP Operator or the PFP Prospect;

(v)

in the event that there is a material adverse change in the circumstances of PFP Transaction or the PFP Prospect defaults, the PFP Operator’s roles and obligations, including any arrangements in relation to the recovery of the Client Assets; and

(vi)

the general disclosure obligations set out in COBS (e.g. where applicable, the Client agreement content in Rule 3.3.2 and potential conflicts of interest in Rule 3.5.4).

If a PFP Operator carries on an Exempt Offer pursuant to MKT Rule 4.3.1(13), it must ensure that the Issuer provides a Product Summary Note to Clients in accordance with MKT APP 7.

(f) Exit Facility and Trading Facility

A PFP Operator may offer an incidental facility (termed an “Exit Facility”) to permit Clients to exit their PFP transactions by allowing them to seek potential “buyers” who are also Clients of the PFP Operator in order to transfer their rights and obligations under their loan or investment agreements.

The Exit Facility should not allow active trading by Clients and should be solely an ancillary service provided by the PFP Operator. The Exit Facility must comply with the requirements set out in COBS Section 18.8. In particular, the PFP Operator should not be remunerated for any transaction made through this facility nor should it provide advice to or make arrangements on behalf of Clients using this facility.

Where the PFP Operator provides a secondary market trading facility (termed a “Trading Facility”) for Clients, the PFP Operator is required to add the Regulated Activity of Operating a Multilateral Trading Facility to its FSP2 and demonstrate it can meet the threshold conditions to undertake that additional Regulated Activity.

Any investment-based Offer made through the Exit Facility or Trading Facility

2 Defined in FSMR Schedule 1, Part 2, Chapter 9.

12

VER02.181223

must continue to comply with the Exempt Offer criteria set out in Appendix A of this Guidance.

(g)

Intermediate entities

Where a PFP Operator structures a PFP Transaction using a special purpose vehicle, that vehicle should be incorporated in the ADGM to ensure the ease of administration and greater regulatory oversight in the event of the failure of the PFP Operator.

5.3 A PFP Operator will also need to consider the applicability of other ADGM Regulations including, but not limited to, the Companies Regulations 2020, Insolvency Regulations 2015, Data Protection Regulations 2021 and the Common Reporting Standard Regulations 2017; as well as any other relevant international legislation that may apply.

5.4 Chapter