 record in corporate finance or a related business, of a minimum of five years, in a jurisdiction that has a legislative and regulatory framework that is of comparable standard to that of the FSRA. The PFP Applicant or its Group, where applicable, should also be subject to proper supervision by a competent regulatory authority.

Alternatively, where a PFP Applicant does not have an established track-record of at least five years or meet the regulatory status requirement, the FSRA may take into account (i) the track record of the PFP Applicant’s Controllers/substantial shareholders and (ii) the experience and qualifications of the PFP Applicant’s key individuals, when assessing the application.

(c) Governing Body

(i)

Licensed Directors – A PFP Applicant which is a Body Corporate incorporated in the ADGM, must register all its Directors with the FSRA in accordance with GEN Rule 5.5.4.

(ii)

Licensed Partners – A PFP Applicant which is Partnership established in the ADGM, must register all its Partners with the FSRA in accordance with GEN Rule 5.5.5.

These appointments are not required for PFP Applicants that are branches of legal entities domiciled outside the ADGM.

The PFP Applicant must demonstrate that its Governing Body has sufficient collective skills and experience in corporate finance or related fields to oversee the firm’s operations.

(d) Mandatory Appointments

A PFP Applicant must also appoint the following individuals in accordance with GEN Rule 5.5.1:

(i)

Senior Executive Officer (“SEO”) – an SEO who is ultimately responsible for the day-to-day operation, supervision and control of the firm’s operation. The SEO must possess a minimum of five years’ relevant and demonstrable experience and qualifications.

6

VER02.181223

(ii) Finance Officer (“FO”) – a Finance Officer with the relevant expertise to

prepare and oversee its financial reporting.

(iii) Compliance Officer (“CO”) – a suitably experienced and qualified Compliance Officer who is independent of the firm’s operations and oversees the compliance function.

(iv) Money Laundering Reporting Officer (“MLRO”) – a suitably experienced and qualified MLRO who is independent of the firm’s operations and responsible for the implementation of the firm’s anti-money laundering controls and the day-to-day oversight of its compliance with the Anti- Money Laundering and Sanctions Rules (AML) and Guidance.

Other considerations for PFP Applicants:

(i)

The SEO, CO and MLRO must all be resident in the UAE;

(ii) The CO and MLRO functions may be carried out by the same individual; and

(iii) The FO, CO and MLRO may be carried out in-house or outsourced to another

Group entity or service provider.

The FSRA will consider the collective suitability of all of the PFP Applicant’s proposed staff and whether there is a sufficient range of individuals with appropriate knowledge, skills and experience to understand, operate and manage the firm's affairs in a sound and prudent manner.

(e) Systems and Controls

The FSRA will assess the following governance and control requirements in relation to the PFP Applicant.

Requirement

Rule(s)

Note

Risk Management

GEN 3.3.4 – 3.3.6

A PFP Operator must establish and maintain risk management systems and controls to enable it to identify, assess, monitor, mitigate and control its risks.

This framework should include measures to minimise technology risks associated with the PFP. In particular, a PFP Operator should have measures in place to ensure data integrity and the protection of fraud, impairment, tampering, misuse or unauthorised access.

its

technology

from

7

Compliance Arrangements

Internal audit

Multilateral Trading Facility

GEN 3.3.7 – 3.3.12

GEN 3.3.13 – 3.3.15

COBS 8.2.2

VER02.181223

A PFP Operator must establish and maintain compliance arrangements, including processes and procedures that ensure and evidence, as far as reasonably practicable, that it complies with all Regulations and Rules.

While compliance support may be provided by a third party service related entity and/or for providers, compliance with applicable laws and regulations lies with PFP Operator’s SEO and Governing Body.

the

ultimate

responsibility

The PFP operator is required as part of customer due diligence to assess whether the Client has the relevant knowledge or experience