Where a PFP Operator structures a PFP Transaction using a special purpose vehicle, that vehicle should be incorporated in the ADGM to ensure the ease of administration and greater regulatory oversight in the event of the failure of the PFP Operator.

5.3 A PFP Operator will also need to consider the applicability of other ADGM Regulations including, but not limited to, the Companies Regulations 2020, Insolvency Regulations 2015, Data Protection Regulations 2021 and the Common Reporting Standard Regulations 2017; as well as any other relevant international legislation that may apply.

5.4 Chapter 3 of the GPM sets out in detail the FSRA’s risk-based approach to the

supervision of Authorised Persons.

6. OTHER CONSIDERATIONS FOR PFP OPERATORS

6.1 Fees

Pursuant to the Fees Rules, a PFP Operator will be required to pay the following fees:

Initial Authorisation Fee

$10,000 for the Regulated Activity of Operating a Private Financing Platform. An additional $10,000 would apply for each Regulated Activity for which it also seeks an FSP.

Approved Person Application Fee

$500 for each Approved Person for whom it is seeking authorisation.

Annual Supervision Fee

$10,000 for the Regulated Activity of Operating a Private Financing Platform. An additional $10,000 would apply for each Regulated Activity for which it has an FSP.

6.2

Islamic Financial Business

The Islamic Finance Rules (IFR) apply to:

(a) every Authorised Person, including a PFP Operator, who carries on, or holds itself out as carrying on, an Islamic Financial Business in the ADGM whether as an Islamic Financial Institution or through an Islamic Window; and

(b) an Authorised Person, including a PFP Operator, making an Offer in the ADGM relating to a Security which is, or is held out as being, a Shari'a-compliant Security.

Accordingly, should a PFP Operator itself wish to promote a Specified Investment as being Shari’a compliant, it must hold the requisite Islamic Financial Business qualification on its FSP.

13

VER02.181223

APPENDIX A: EXEMPT OFFER CRITERIA

MKT RULE 4.3

Guidance

This section prescribes the type of Offer that is an Exempt Offer. The prohibition in section 58(1) of the FSMR does not apply to such Offers. Accordingly, a Person may make an Offer of Securities to the Public in the circumstances specified in this Rule without a Prospectus.

4.3.1 For the purposes of section 61(3)(a) of the FSMR the Regulator hereby prescribes the

circumstances in which an Offer is an Exempt Offer:

(1) an Offer made to or directed at only Professional Clients;

(2) an Offer in or from the ADGM which is directed at no more than 50 Persons in any 12 month period, excluding Professional Clients who are not natural persons;

(3) an Offer where the total consideration to be paid by a Person to acquire the Securities is at least $100,000, or an equivalent amount in another currency;

(4) an Offer where the Securities are denominated in amounts of at least $100,000,

or an equivalent amount in another currency;

(5) an Offer where the total aggregate consideration for the Securities offered is less than $100,000, or an equivalent amount in another currency, calculated over a period of 12 months;

(6) an Offer where Shares are issued in substitution for Shares of the same class as already issued, where the issue of the new Shares does not involve any increase in the issued Share capital;

(7) an Offer where the Securities are Convertibles issued under a Prospectus to existing members or creditors of the Issuer or a member of its Group and there is no additional consideration to be paid;

(8) an Offer where the Securities are offered in connection with a Takeover and a document is made available containing information which is considered by the Regulator as being equivalent to that of a Prospectus;

(9) an Offer where the Securities are offered, allotted or to be allotted in connection with a merger if a document is available containing information which is regarded by the Regulator as being equivalent to that of a Prospectus;

(10) an Offer where the Securities are