FP Operators are set out in COBS Chapter

18, and are outlined below:

(a) Risk Warning

1 Annual Audited Expenditure, calculated in accordance with Rule 3.7.2

9

VER02.181223

A PFP Operator must publish a prominent risk warning on the PFP which identifies the risks involved in participating in a PFP Transaction. As a minimum the risk warning should address the risks set out in section 2.3 of this Guidance.

Prior to registering a Client to access the PFP, a PFP Operator must obtain their acknowledgement that they fully understand the risks set out in the risk warning.

(b) Due Diligence

The PFP Operator is required to undertake appropriate and proportionate due diligence on a PFP Prospect covering the matters set out in COBS Section 18.4, as a minimum. Where reasonable and prudent, the due diligence review of a PFP Prospect may require independent verification.

A PFP Operator is not required to disclose its due diligence assessments to Clients, although it may choose to do so. However, it is required to disclose and explain in a clear way its selection and acceptance criteria for a PFP Transaction to be offered on its platform. It must also disclose its due diligence methodology for each of its criterion including where the due diligence is undertaken by a third party.

A PFP Operator must keep records of the due diligence undertaken on all PFP Prospects for the FSRA’s review.

A PFP Operator must also form a reasonable basis for believing that the PFP Prospect has adequately set out relevant information regarding its proposal in a clear, fair and not misleading manner for Clients to make an informed decision including, but not limited to:

(i)

general information about the PFP Prospect including details of its incorporation, commercial licence, directorships, major shareholders, beneficial holders;

(ii)

the business proposal and business model;

(iii)

financial information about the PFP Prospect;

(iv) criteria by which the PFP Transaction would be regarded as being in default;

(v)

a wind-down plan, including information on the return of Client Assets, in the event of business default/failure of the PFP Prospect;

(vi)

features, structures, and subscription classes of the PFP Transaction;

(vii) basis of subscription class and allotment to each Client;

(viii) treatment, voting / contractual rights and claims of Clients of the PFP

Transaction in any particular subscription class;

(ix) pricing and valuation basis of the PFP Transaction;

(x)

risks specific to the PFP Prospect and PFP Transaction;

10

VER02.181223

(xi) parties involved in the PFP Transaction and any conflicts of interest, including any financial or other interests that the PFP Operator, its key officers, Employees and Associates have in the PFP Prospect or PFP Transaction;

(xii) procedures and obligations for Clients in any administrative / corporate

actions;

(xiii) whether the PFP Prospect is seeking funding from other sources at the same

time;

(xiv) intended use of funds;

(xv)

treatment of oversubscriptions and maximum amount accepted, if applicable;

(xvi) any cancellation rights;

(xvii) format / frequency of performance reporting to Clients; and

(xviii) format / frequency of ongoing disclosure of applicable information in relation

to the PFP Transaction and PFP Prospect.

Any material changes to the information disclosed in the proposal to Clients must be updated and notified to Clients within a reasonable timeframe and at least ten business days prior to closing of the PFP Transaction.

(c) Forums / Message Boards

A PFP Operator is not required to comply with the above disclosure requirements where it is merely gauging the interest of Clients on a potential PFP Transaction where the related start-up or SME is not identified.

In such instances, the PFP Operator should monitor the forum or message board used to gauge Client interest to remove any potentially misleading or fraudulent posts.

(d) Marketing

As access to PFPs is restricted to registered Clients only, mass solicitation, advertising or canvassing of the PFP Transaction is not permitted.

However, a PFP Operator may promote its platform to the general public. Such communication may include general information about the PFP Operator, its business model and the PFP Prospects accepted on its platform. Such communication should not include any information on specific offers, research or recommendations relating to a PFP Prospect or a PFP