 systems and controls to ensure that the Issuer must provide a Product Summary Note to Retail Clients in accordance with the MKT APP 7.

3.5 Client Assets

As best practice, a PFP Operator should appoint an Eligible Custodian to safeguard Client Assets. However, alternative arrangements may be permitted by the FSRA where appropriate safeguards are implemented.

In the case that a PFP Operator does not appoint an Eligible Custodian, it must comply with:

(a)

the higher capital requirements set out in Prudential – Investment, Insurance Intermediation and Banking (PRU) Chapter 3 and Section 4.4(f) of this Guidance; and

(b) where applicable, the following COBS Rules:

(i) Chapter 14 – Client Money Rules (if holding or controlling Client Money,

Providing Custody or Arranging Custody);

4

VER02.181223

(ii) Chapter 15 – Safe Custody Rules (if holding or controlling Client

Investments, Providing Custody or Arranging Custody);

(iii) Chapter 16 – Recovery & Resolution Planning for Client Money & Safe Custody Assets (if holding Client Money or Client Investments); and

(iv) Chapter 18 – Operating a Private Financing Platform.

4. AUTHORISATION CRITERIA FOR PFP OPERATORS

4.1 When reviewing an FSP application from a proposed PFP Operator (a “PFP Applicant”), the FSRA will consider the Threshold Conditions set out in FSMR and Chapter 5 of the General (GEN) Rulebook and the matters set out in Chapter 2 of the GPM.

4.2 A PFP Applicant must apply for the Regulated Activity of “Operating a Private Financing Platform”. To allow for secondary trading of Securities that are offered on its platform, the PFP Applicant must also apply for the Regulated Activity of “Operating a Multilateral Trading Facility”.

4.3 The Threshold Conditions set out in GEN Rule 5.2.7, require a PFP Applicant to

demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FSRA that it:

(a) has adequate and appropriate resources, including financial resources;

(b)

is fit and proper;

(c)

is capable of being effectively supervised; and

(d) has adequate compliance arrangements, including policies and procedures, that

will enable it to comply with all the applicable legal requirements.

4.4 Chapter 2 of the GPM sets out in detail the FSRA’s approach to assessing whether an applicant for an FSP meets the Threshold Conditions above. Some key considerations for PFP Applicants are the following:

(a) Business Model

The FSRA will consider the PFP Applicant’s proposed business model and assess any potential risks it poses. In particular, the FSRA will consider:

(i)

the nature and structure of the products offered on the PFP;

(ii)

the PFP Applicant’s target Clients;

(iii)

the roles and responsibilities of the PFP Applicant;

(iv) whether the Applicant will carry out primary and/or secondary trading;

(v) whether the PFP Applicant might have any perceived conflicts of interest

when authorised and how these might be managed;

(vi) any proposed outsourcing arrangements with third party service providers;

5

VER02.181223

(vii) whether the PFP Applicant is proposing to carry out any other Regulated

Activities; and

(viii) the safekeeping arrangements for Client Assets if the PFP Applicant intends

to hold these.

In the case that a PFP Applicant proposes to carry out other Regulated Activities such as Operating a MTF, Advising on Investments or Credit, Managing Assets or Managing a Collective Investment Fund, the PFP Applicant would need to demonstrate how it would manage any potential conflicts of interest that these activities may pose.

(b) Track Record

A PFP Applicant should demonstrate that it or its Group has an established track record in corporate finance or a related business, of a minimum of five years, in a jurisdiction that has a legislative and regulatory framework that is of comparable standard to that of the FSRA. The PFP Applicant or its Group, where applicable, should also be subject to proper supervision by a competent regulatory authority.

Alternatively, where a PFP Applicant does not have an established track-record of at least five years or meet the regulatory status requirement, the FSRA may take into account (i) the track record of the PFP Applicant’s Controllers/substantial shareholders and (ii) the experience and qualifications of