 a request in relation to which the following conditions are met–

(a)

it is made by at least 100 persons,

(b)

it is authenticated by all the persons making it,

(c)

in the case of any of those persons who is not a member of the company, it is accompanied by a statement–

(i)

of the full name and address of a person (“the member”) who is a member of the company and holds shares on behalf of that person,

(ii)

that the member is holding those shares on behalf of that person in the course of a business,

(iii)

of the number of shares in the company that the member holds on behalf of that person,

(iv)

of the total amount paid up on those shares,

(v)

that those shares are not held on behalf of anyone else or, if they are, that the other person or persons are not among the other persons making the request,

(vi)

that some or all of those shares confer voting rights that are relevant for the purposes of making a request under the section in question, and

(vii)

that the person has the right to instruct the member how to exercise those rights,

(d)

in the case of any of those persons who is a member of the company, it is accompanied by a statement–

(i)

that he holds shares otherwise than on behalf of another person, or

113

(ii)

that he holds shares on behalf of one or more other persons but those persons are not among the other persons making the request,

(e)

it is accompanied by such evidence as the company may reasonably require of the matters mentioned in subsection (c) and (d),

(f)

the total amount of the sums paid up on–

(i)

shares held as mentioned in subsection (c), and

(ii)

shares held as mentioned in subsection (d),

divided by the number of persons making the request, is not less than 100 US dollars,

(g)

the request complies with any other requirements of the section in question as to contents, timing and otherwise.

Part 10

A COMPANY’S DIRECTORS

Chapter 1

APPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

Requirement to have directors

144. Companies required to have directors

(1)

A private company must have at least one director.

(2)

A public company must have at least two directors.

145. Companies required to have at least one director who is a natural person

A company must have at least one director who is a natural person.

146. “Director”

In these Regulations “director” includes any person occupying the position of director, by whatever name called.

147. “Shadow director”

(1)

In these Regulations “shadow director”, in relation to a company, means a person in accordance with whose directions or instructions the directors of the company are accustomed to act.

(2)

A person is not to be regarded as a shadow director by reason only that the directors act on advice given by him in a professional capacity.

114

(3)

A body corporate is not to be regarded as a shadow director of any of its subsidiary companies for the purposes of–

(a)

Chapter 2 (general duties of directors),

(b)

Chapter 4 (transactions requiring members’ approval), or

(c)

Chapter 6 (contract with sole member who is also a director),

by reason only that the directors of the subsidiary are accustomed to act in accordance with its directions or instructions.

148. Direction requiring company to make appointment

(1)

If it appears to the Registrar that a company is in breach of section 144 (companies required to have directors) or section 145 (companies required to have at least one director who is a natural person) the Registrar may give the company a direction under this section.

(2)

The direction must specify–

(a)

the section of these Regulations of which the company appears to be in breach,

(b)

what the company must do in order to comply with the direction, and

(c)

the period within which it must do so.

That period must be not less than one month or more than three months after the date on which the direction is given.

(3)

The direction must also inform the company of the consequences of failing to comply.

(4) Where the company is in breach of sections 144 (companies required to have directors) or 145 (companies required to have at least one director who is a natural person) it must comply with the direction by–

(a)

making