 and equitable to permit the proceedings to continue.

This section does not affect the right of any person to enforce such rights as he may have against another person in any proceedings brought by that person.

Consequences of failure to make required disclosures

Rules under section 70 (requirement to disclose company name etc) may provide–

(a)

that where a company fails, without reasonable excuse, to comply with any specified requirement of rules under that section a contravention of these Regulations is committed by–

(i)

the company, and

(ii)

every officer of the company who is in default,

(b)

that a person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (1)(a) shall be liable to a level 1 fine.

The rules may provide that, for the purposes of any provision made under subsection (1), a shadow director of the company is to be treated as an officer of the company.

In subsection (1)(a) “specified” means specified in the rules.

76

73. Minor variations in form of name to be left out of account

(1)

For the purposes of this Chapter, in considering a company’s name no account is to be taken of–

(a)

whether upper or lower case characters (or a combination of the two) are used,

(b)

whether diacritical marks or punctuation are present or absent, or

(c)

whether the name is in the same format or style as is specified under section 51(1)(b) (permitted characters etc) for the purposes of registration,

provided there is no real likelihood of names differing only in those respects being taken to be different names.

(2)

This does not affect the operation of regulations under section 51(1)(a) (permitted characters etc) permitting only specified characters, diacritical marks or punctuation.

77

PART 6

A COMPANY’S REGISTERED OFFICE

General

74.

A company’s registered office

A company must at all times have a registered office in the Abu Dhabi Global Market to which all communications and notices may be addressed.

75.

Change of address of registered office

(1)

A company may change the address of its registered office by giving notice to the Registrar.

(2)

The change takes effect upon the notice being registered by the Registrar, but until the end of the period of 14 days beginning with the date on which it is registered a person may validly serve any document on the company at the address previously registered.

(3)

For the purposes of any duty of a company–

(a)

to keep available for inspection at its registered office any register, index or other document, or

(b)

to mention the address of its registered office in any document,

a company that has given notice to the Registrar of a change in the address of its registered office may act on the change as from such date, not more than 14 days after the notice is given, as it may determine.

(4) Where a company unavoidably ceases to perform at its registered office any such duty as is mentioned in subsection (3)(a) in circumstances in which it was not practicable to give prior notice to the Registrar of a change in the address of its registered office, but–

(a)

resumes performance of that duty at other premises as soon as practicable, and

(b)

gives notice accordingly to the Registrar of a change in the situation of its registered office within 14 days of doing so,

it is not to be treated as having failed to comply with that duty.

78

76.

77.

(1)

PART 7

RE-REGISTRATION AND CONTINUANCE

CHAPTER 1

RE-REGISTRATION AS A MEANS OF ALTERING A COMPANY’S STATUS

Introductory

Alteration of status by re-registration

A company may by re-registration under this Part alter its status–

(a)

from a private company to a public company (see sections 77 (re-registration of private company as public) to 80 (issue of certificate of incorporation on re- registration)),

(b)

from a public company to a private company (see sections 81 (re-registration of public company as private) to 85 (issue of certificate of incorporation on re- registration)),

(c)

from a private limited company to an unlimited company (see sections 86 (re- registration of private limited company as unlimited) to 88 (issue of certificate of incorporation on re-registration)),

(d)

