 of any of its members and for the reduction accordingly of the company’s capital, and

(b)

make such alteration in the company’s articles as may be required in consequence of that provision.

The Court’s order may, if the Court thinks fit, require the company not to make any, or any specified, amendments to its articles without the leave of the Court.

Issue of certificate of incorporation on re-registration

If on an application for re-registration as a non-restricted scope company the Registrar is satisfied that the company is entitled to be so re-registered, the company shall be re- registered accordingly.

The Registrar must issue a certificate of incorporation altered to meet the circumstances of the case.

The certificate must state that it is issued on re-registration and the date on which it is issued.

On the issue of the certificate–

(a)

the company by virtue of the issue of the certificate becomes a non-restricted scope company, and

(b)

the changes in the company’s name and articles take effect.

The certificate is conclusive evidence that the requirements of these Regulations as to re-registration have been complied with.

The certificate of incorporation shall comply with the provisions of section 940 (Form and right to certificate of incorporation).

90

CHAPTER 2

CONTINUANCE

100. Bodies corporate which are eligible for continuance

(1)

Subject to section 101 (restrictions on continuance), a body corporate which is incorporated outside the Abu Dhabi Global Market may apply under section 102 (application to Registrar for continuance within the Abu Dhabi Global Market) to the Registrar for the issue to it of a certificate that it continues as a company registered under these Regulations, if it is authorised to make such an application by the laws of the jurisdiction under which it is incorporated outside the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(2)

Subject to section 101 (restrictions on continuance), a company which is formed or registered under these Regulations may apply under section 111 (application to Registrar for authorisation to seek continuance overseas) to the Registrar for authorisation to seek continuance as a body incorporated under the laws of another jurisdiction if permitted in that jurisdiction and if the proposal to apply in that other jurisdiction for continuance there is approved by the company and its members in accordance with section 108 (approval by company and members of proposal for continuance overseas).

101. Restrictions on continuance

(1)

An application may not be made under section 102 (application to Registrar for continuance within the Abu Dhabi Global Market), by a body corporate to which subsection (3) applies, for continuance as a company registered under these Regulations.

(2)

An application may not be made under section 111 (application to Registrar for authorisation to seek continuance overseas), by a company to which subsection (3) applies, for authorisation to seek continuance in another jurisdiction.

(3)

This subsection applies to a body corporate or company if–

(a)

it is being wound up or is in liquidation,

(b)

it is insolvent,

(c)

a receiver, manager or administrator (by whatever name any such person is called) has been appointed, whether by a Court or in some other manner, in respect of any property of that body corporate or company,

(d)

it has entered into a compromise or arrangement with a creditor (not being a compromise or arrangement approved by the Registrar) and that compromise or arrangement is in force, or

(e)

an application is pending before a Court for the winding up or liquidation of that body corporate or company, or to have it declared insolvent, or for the appointment of such a receiver, manager or administrator or for the approval of such a compromise or arrangement.

(4)

For the purposes of subsection (3), the jurisdiction in which–

(a)

the body corporate is being wound up or is in liquidation,

91

(b)

the receiver, manager or administrator has been appointed or the compromise or arrangement has been entered into, or

(c)

the application before a Court is pending,

is immaterial.

(5)

An application may not be made under section 102 by a body corporate whose members have unlimited liability unless such body corporate applies for continuance as an unlimited company.

102. Application to Registrar for continuance within the Abu Dhabi Global Market3

(1)

An application to the Registrar under this section by a body incorporated outside the Abu Dhabi Global Market, for continuance as a company formed or registered under these Regulations, shall