)

whose certificate of incorporation states that it is a public company, and

(b)

in relation to which the requirements of these Regulations as to registration or re-registration as a public company have been complied with.

(3)

A “private company” may apply to the Registrar to be registered as a restricted scope company at its formation.

(4)

A company may only be registered as a restricted scope company if–

(a)

it is a subsidiary undertaking of another body corporate that prepares and publishes group accounts under these Regulations or such other enactment as the Registrar may recognise for the purposes of this section,

(b)

it is a subsidiary undertaking of a body corporate that is incorporated by a Federal Law or by a law of any Emirate of the United Arab Emirates, or

(c)

it is directly or indirectly wholly-owned by an applicant (the “founding member”) who is–

(i)

one natural person, or

(ii)

a group of natural persons who are members of the same family,

and approved by the Registrar exercising his discretion.

(5)

For the purposes of section 3(4)(c), members of the same family shall mean a group of individuals who are related, including blood relations, step-children and adopted children, and all ancestors and descendants of such individuals, and any blood relations, step-children and adopted children of such ancestors and descendants.

(5A) Where a company is registered as a restricted scope company under section 3(4)(c)(ii),

a transfer of ownership of the company to a person not within section 3(5) is void.

(6)

For the purpose of section 3(5), the term “descendant” extends perpetually.

(7)

A “step-child” means a person who is, to the satisfaction of the Registrar, the direct offspring of a member of at least one member of the same family.

(8)

An “adopted child” means a person who is treated to the satisfaction of the Registrar as the child of the founding member, or any member of the same family, under the laws of any jurisdiction.

(9)

In the case of any uncertainty as to whether an individual is a member of the same family, the Registrar will determine the issue in his discretion and may require such supporting documentation as it considers appropriate.

(10)

For the major differences between private and public companies, see Part 19.

1 Amended 9 September 2024

47

4.

(1)

(2)

5.

(1)

(2)

6.

(1)

(2)

(3)

Companies may not be limited by guarantee and have share capital

A company cannot be formed as, or become, a company limited by guarantee with a share capital.

Any provision in the constitution of a company limited by guarantee that purports to divide the company’s undertaking into shares or interests is a provision for a share capital, and the company shall be deemed a company limited by shares.

PART 2

COMPANY FORMATION

General

Method of forming company

A company is formed under these Regulations by one or more persons–

(a)

confirming to the Registrar in an application for registration of the company that they–

(i)

wish to form a company under these Regulations, and

(ii)

agree to become members of the company and, in the case of a company that is to have a share capital, to take at least one share each, and

(b)

complying with the requirements of these Regulations as to registration (see sections 6 (registration documents) to 10 (statement of compliance)).

A company may not be so formed for an unlawful purpose.

Requirements for registration

Registration documents

The application for registration of the company must be delivered to the Registrar together with the documents required by this section and a statement of compliance (see section 10 (statement of compliance)).

The application for registration must state–

(a)

the company’s proposed name,

(b)

whether the liability of the members of the company is to be limited, and if so whether it is to be limited by shares or by guarantee, and

(c)

whether the company is to be a private or a public company.

The application must contain–

(a)

in the case of a company that is to have a share capital, a statement of capital and initial shareholdings (see section 7 (statement of capital and initial shareholdings)),

48

(b)

in the case of a company