 as a private company),

(ii)

section 663(6) (powers of Court on objection to redemption or purchase of shares out of capital),

(iii)

section 697 (remedial order in case of breach of prohibition of public offers by private company), or

(iv)

Part 28 (protection of members against unfair prejudice),

328

(c)

the forfeiture of shares, or the acceptance of shares surrendered in lieu, in pursuance of the company’s articles, for failure to pay any sum payable in respect of the shares,

(d)

the cancellation of shares under section 602 (duty to cancel shares held by or for a public company),

(e)

the power of a company-

(i)

to enter into a compromise or arrangement in accordance with Part 25 (arrangements and reconstructions), or

(ii)

to do anything required to comply with an order of the Court on an application under that Part.

567A. Redenomination of share capital28

(1)

A limited company having a share capital may by resolution redenominate its share capital or any class of its share capital.

“Redenominate” means convert shares from having a fixed nominal value in one currency to having a fixed nominal value in another currency.

(2)

The conversion must be made at an appropriate spot rate of exchange specified in the resolution.

(3)

The rate must be either –

(a)

a rate prevailing on a day specified in the resolution, or

(b)

a rate determined by taking the average of rates prevailing on each consecutive day of a period specified in the resolution.

The day or period specified for the purposes of paragraph (a) or (b) must be within the period of 28 days ending on the day before the resolution is passed.

(4)

A resolution under this section may specify conditions which must be met before the redenomination takes effect.

(5)

Redenomination in accordance with a resolution under this section takes effect –

(a)

on the day on which the resolution is passed, or

(b)

on such later day as may be determined in accordance with the resolution.

(6)

A resolution under this section lapses if the redenomination for which it provides has not taken effect at the end of the period of 28 days beginning on the date on which it is passed.

(7)

A company’s articles may prohibit or restrict the exercise of the power conferred by this section.

(8)

Chapter 3 (resolutions and agreements affecting a company’s constitution) applies to a resolution under this section.

(9)

For each class of share affected by the redenomination, the new nominal value of each share shall be calculated by converting the old nominal values of all the shares of that

28 Amended 6 September 2021

329

class to the new currency at the rate of exchange specified in the resolution and dividing that amount by the number of shares in that class.

567B. Effect of redenomination

(1)

The redenomination of shares does not affect any rights or obligations of members under the company’s constitution, or any restrictions affecting members under the company’s constitution. In particular, it does not affect entitlement to dividends (including entitlement to dividends in a particular currency), voting rights or any liability in respect of amounts unpaid on shares.

(2)

For this purpose the company’s constitution includes the terms on which any shares of the company are allotted or held.

(3)

Subject to subsection (1), references to the old nominal value of the shares in any agreement or statement, or in any deed, instrument or document, shall (unless the context otherwise requires) be read after the resolution takes effect as references to the new nominal value of the shares.

567C. Notice to Registrar of redenomination

(1)

If a limited company having a share capital redenominates any of its share capital, it must within one month after doing so give notice to the Registrar, specifying the shares redenominated.

(2)

The notice must –

(a)

state the date on which the resolution was passed, and

(b)

be accompanied by a statement of capital.

(3)

The statement of capital must state with respect to the company’s share capital as redenominated by the resolution –

(a)

the total number of shares of the company,

(b)

the aggregate nominal value of those shares, expressed in the new currency following redenomination,

(c)

the aggregate