(a)

at the company’s registered office, or

(b)

at a place specified in rules made by the Board under section 996 (rules about where certain company records to be kept available for inspection).

The company must give notice to the Registrar–

(a)

of the place at which the records are kept available for inspection, and

(b)

of any change in that place,

unless they have at all times been kept at the company’s registered office.

The records must be open to the inspection of any member of the company without charge.

Any member may require a copy of any of the records of a public or non-restricted scope company on payment of such fee as may be prescribed.

If default is made in complying with subsection (1) or if an inspection required under subsection (3) is refused, or a copy requested under subsection (4) is not sent, a contravention of these Regulations is committed by every officer of the company who is in default.

A person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (5) shall be liable to a level 1 fine.

If default is made for 14 days in complying with subsection (2) a contravention of these Regulations is committed by every officer of the company who is in default.

A person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (7) shall be liable to a level 2 fine.

In a case in which an inspection required under subsection (3) is refused or a copy requested under subsection (4) is not sent, the Court may by order compel an immediate

223

inspection of the records or direct that the copies required be sent to the persons who requested them.

364. Records of resolutions and meetings of class of members

The provisions of this Chapter apply (with necessary modifications) in relation to resolutions and meetings of–

(a)

holders of a class of shares, and

(b)

in the case of a company without a share capital, a class of members,

as they apply in relation to resolutions of members generally and to general meetings.

CHAPTER 5

SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS

365. Computation of periods of notice etc: clear day rule

(1)

This section applies for the purposes of the following provisions of this Part–

(a)

sections 324(1) and 324(2) (notice required of general meeting),

(b)

sections 329(1) and 329(3) (resolution requiring special notice),

(c)

section 331(4)(d) (request to circulate members’ statement),

(d)

section 333(2)(b) (expenses of circulating statement to be deposited or tendered before meeting),

(e)

section 357(4)(d)(i) (request to circulate member’s resolution at AGM of public company), and

(f)

section 359(2)(b)(i) (expenses of circulating statement to be deposited or tendered before meeting).

(2)

Any reference in those provisions to a period of notice, or to a period before a meeting by which a request must be received or sum deposited or tendered, is to a period of the specified length excluding–

(a)

the day of the meeting, and

(b)

the day on which the notice is given, the request received or the sum deposited or tendered.

366. Electronic meetings and voting

Nothing in this Part is to be taken to preclude the holding and conducting of a meeting in such a way that persons who are not present together at the same place may by electronic means attend and speak and vote at it.

(1)

The use of electronic means for the purpose of enabling members to participate in a general meeting may be made subject only to such requirements and restrictions as are–

(a)

necessary to ensure the identification of those taking part and the security of the electronic communication, and

224

(b)

proportionate to the achievement of those objectives.

(2)

Nothing in subsection (2) affects any power of a company to require reasonable evidence of the entitlement of any person who is not a member to participate in the meeting.

PART 14

ACCOUNTS AND REPORTS

CHAPTER 1

INTRODUCTION

General

367. Scheme of this Part

(1)

The requirements of this Part as to accounts and reports apply in relation to each financial year of a company.

(2)

In certain respects different provisions apply to different kinds of company.

(3)

The main distinction for this