 company to whom notice of the meeting is or has been sent.

(5)

The directors must within 21 days from the date of the deposit of a requisition under this section proceed duly to convene a meeting for a day not more than one month after the date on which the notice convening the meeting is given.

(6)

If default is made in complying with subsection (5), every director who failed to take all reasonable steps to secure that a meeting was convened commits a contravention of these Regulations.

(7)

A person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (6) shall be liable to a level 3 fine.

(8)

If a copy of the statement mentioned above is not sent out as required because received too late or because of the company’s default, the auditor may (without prejudice to his right to be heard orally) require that the statement be read out at the meeting.

(9)

Copies of a statement need not be sent out and the statement need not be read out at the meeting if, on the application either of the company or of any other person who claims to be aggrieved, the Court is satisfied that the auditor is using the provisions of this section to secure needless publicity for defamatory matter.

The Court may order the company’s costs on such an application to be paid in whole or in part by the auditor, notwithstanding that he is not a party to the application.

(10) An auditor who has resigned has, notwithstanding his resignation, the rights conferred by section 473(2) (auditor’s rights in relation to resolutions and meetings) in relation to any such general meeting of the company as is mentioned in subsection (3)(a) or (b) above. In such a case the references in that section to matters concerning the auditor as auditor shall be construed as references to matters concerning him as a former auditor.

292

488. Statement by auditor to be deposited with company

(1) Where an auditor of a company ceases for any reason to hold office, he must deposit at the company’s registered office a statement of the circumstances connected with his ceasing to hold office, unless he considers that there are no circumstances in connection with his ceasing to hold office that need to be brought to the attention of members or creditors of the company.

(2)

If he considers that there are no circumstances in connection with his ceasing to hold office that need to be brought to the attention of members or creditors of the company, he must deposit at the company’s registered office a statement to that effect.

(3)

The statement required by this section must be deposited–

(a)

in the case of resignation, along with the notice of resignation,

(b)

in the case of failure to seek re-appointment, not less than 14 days before the end of the time allowed for next appointing an auditor,

(c)

in any other case, not later than the end of the period of 14 days beginning with the date on which he ceases to hold office.

(4)

A person ceasing to hold office as auditor who fails to comply with this section commits a contravention of these Regulations.

(5)

A person does not commit the contravention referred to in subsection (4) if he shows that he took all reasonable steps and exercised all due diligence to avoid the commission of the contravention.

(6)

A person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (4) shall be liable to a fine of up to level 4.

(7) Where a contravention under this section is committed by a body corporate, every

officer of the body who is in default also commits the contravention.

For this purpose–

(a)

any person who purports to act as director, manager or secretary of the body is treated as an officer of the body, and

(b)

if the body is a company, any shadow director is treated as an officer of the company.

489. Company’s duties in relation to statement

(1)

This section applies where the statement deposited under section 488 (statement by auditor to be deposited with company) states the circumstances connected with the auditor’s ceasing to hold office.

(2)

The company must within 14 days of the deposit of the statement either–

(a)

send a copy of it to every person who under section 405 (duty to circulate copies of annual accounts and reports) is