 is committed by–

(a)

the company, and

(b)

every officer of the company who is in default.

(6)

A person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (5) shall be liable to a fine of up to level 4.

(7)

If a restricted scope company publishes any accounts such as are mentioned in subsection (3), it must comply with Chapter 8.

412. Meaning of “publication” in relation to accounts and reports

(1)

This section has effect for the purposes of–

section 409 (name of signatory to be stated in published copies of accounts and reports),

section 410 (requirements in connection with publication of registrable accounts), and

section 411 (requirements in connection with publication of non-registrable accounts).

(2)

For the purposes of those sections a company (including, where applicable, a restricted scope company) is regarded as publishing a document if it publishes, issues or circulates it (including by making it available on a website) or otherwise makes it available for public inspection in a manner calculated to invite members of the public generally, or any class of members of the public, to read it.

CHAPTER 7

PUBLIC COMPANIES: LAYING OF ACCOUNTS AND REPORTS BEFORE GENERAL MEETING

413. Public companies: laying of accounts and reports before general meeting

(1)

The directors of a public company must lay before the company in general meeting copies of its annual accounts and reports.

(2)

This section must be complied with not later than the end of the period for filing the accounts and reports in question.

(3)

In these Regulations “accounts meeting”, in relation to a public company, means a general meeting of the company at which the company’s annual accounts and reports are (or are to be) laid in accordance with this section.

251

414. Public companies: failure to lay accounts and reports

(1)

If the requirements of section 413 (public companies: laying of accounts and reports before general meeting) are not complied with before the end of the period allowed, every person who immediately before the end of that period was a director of the company commits a contravention of these Regulations.

(2)

A person does not commit the contravention referred to in subsection (1) if he proves that he took all reasonable steps for securing that the requirements mentioned in that subsection would be complied with before the end of that period, and for this purpose it is not enough to prove that the documents in question were not in fact prepared as required by this Part.

(3)

A person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (1) shall be liable to a fine of up to level 4.

CHAPTER 8

FILING OF ACCOUNTS AND REPORTS

Duty to file accounts and reports

415. Duty to file accounts and reports with the Registrar16

(1)

The directors of a company must deliver to the Registrar for each financial year the accounts and reports required by–

section 418 (filing obligations of companies subject to small companies regime),

section 419 (filing obligations of companies entitled to small companies exemption: additional requirements),

section 420 (filing obligations of medium-sized companies), and

section 421 (filing obligations of companies generally).

(2)

This is subject to–

section 422 (unlimited companies exempt from obligation to file accounts), and

section 423 (dormant subsidiaries exempt from obligation to file accounts).

(3)

Subject to section 411(7), this Chapter shall not apply to a company that is a restricted scope company unless the Registrar has given notice to any restricted scope company that this Chapter applies to it and following notice such restricted scope company shall deliver to the Registrar all accounts required to be prepared by it under these Regulations.

(4)

Accounts filed in accordance with this section 415 will not be subject to public disclosure by the Registrar.

16 Amended 6 September 2021

252

416. Period allowed for filing accounts

(1)

This section specifies the period allowed for the directors of a company to comply with their obligation under section 415 (duty to file accounts and reports with the Registrar) to deliver accounts and reports for a financial year to the Registrar.

This is referred to in these Regulations as the “period for filing” those accounts and reports.

(2)

The period is–

(a)

for a private company, nine