–

(i)

setting out the legal and economic grounds for the draft terms and, where the holders of shares in the merging companies are to receive shares or other securities in any body corporate, the number of shares or other securities to be issued (“the share exchange ratio”), and

(ii)

specifying any special valuation difficulties.

(3)

The requirement in this section is subject to section 824 (circumstances in which certain particulars and reports not required), section 825 (other circumstances in which reports and inspection not required) and section 829 (agreement to dispense with reports etc.).

816. Expert’s report (merger)

(1) Where the holders of shares in the merging companies are offered consideration that includes a non-cash asset, an expert’s report must be drawn up on behalf of each of the merging companies.

(2)

The report required is a written report on the draft terms to the members of the merging company.

(3)

The Court may on the joint application of all the merging companies approve the appointment of a joint expert to draw up a single report on behalf of all those merging companies.

If no such appointment is made, there must be a separate expert’s report to the members of each merging company drawn up by a separate expert appointed on behalf of that merging company.

(4)

The expert must be a person who–

(a)

is eligible for appointment as an auditor, and

(b) meets the independence requirement in section 850.

(5)

The expert’s report must–

(a)

indicate the method or methods used to value the non-cash asset or securities exchange ratio offered,

(b)

give an opinion as to whether the method or methods used are reasonable in all the circumstances of the case, indicate the values arrived at using each such method and (if there is more than one method) give an opinion on the relative importance attributed to such methods in arriving at the value decided on,

(c)

describe any special valuation difficulties that have arisen,

(d)

state whether in the expert’s opinion the valuation of the non-cash asset or, as the case may be, securities exchange ratio, is reasonable, and

(e)

in the case of an expert valuation made by a person other than himself (see section 849), state that it appeared to him reasonable to arrange for it to be so made or to accept a valuation so made.

453

(6)

The expert (or each of them) has–

(a)

the right of access to all such documents of all the merging companies, and

(b)

the right to require from the merging companies’ officers all such information,

as he thinks necessary for the purposes of making his report.

(7)

The requirement in this section is subject to section 824 (circumstances in which certain particulars and reports not required), section 825 (other circumstances in which reports and inspection not required) and section 829 (agreement to dispense with expert’s report)

817. Supplementary accounting statement (merger)

(1)

this section applies if the last annual accounts of any of the merging companies relate to a financial year ending before–

(a)

the date seven months before the first meeting of the merging company summoned for the purposes of approving the scheme, or

(b)

if no meeting of the merging company is required (by virtue of any of sections 826 to 828), the date six months before the directors or equivalent office holders of the merging company adopt the draft terms of the scheme.

(2)

If the merging company has not made public a half-yearly financial report relating to a period ending on or after the date mentioned in subsection (1), the directors or equivalent office holders of the merging company must prepare a supplementary accounting statement.

(3)

That statement must consist of–

(a)

a balance sheet dealing with the state of affairs of the merging company as at a date not more than three months before the draft terms were adopted by the directors or equivalent office holders, and

(b)

where the merging company would be required under section 389 (duty to prepare group accounts) to prepare group accounts if that date were the last day of a financial year, a consolidated balance sheet dealing with the state of affairs of the merging company and the undertakings that would be included in such a consolidation.

(4)

The requirements of these Regulations as to the balance sheet forming part of a company’s annual accounts, and the matters to be included in notes to it, apply to