in a subsequent order under section 806 (powers of Court to facilitate reconstruction or amalgamation or merger or division),

fix a date on which the merger by absorption, merger by consolidation or

division is to take place.

(2)

Any such order that provides for the dissolution of the transferor company must fix the same date for the dissolution.

(3)

If it is necessary for the transferor company to take steps to ensure that the undertaking, property and liabilities are fully transferred, the Court must fix a date, not later than six months after the date fixed under subsection (1), by which such steps must be taken.

(4)

In that case, the Court may postpone the dissolution of the transferor company until that date.

(5)

The Court may postpone or further postpone the date fixed under subsection (3) if it is satisfied that the steps mentioned cannot be completed by the date (or latest date) fixed under that subsection.

Liability of transferee companies

854. Liability of transferee companies for each other’s defaults

(1)

In the case of a division, each transferee company is jointly and severally liable for any liability transferred to any other transferee company under the scheme to the extent that the other company has made default in satisfying that liability. This is subject to the following provisions.

(2)

If 75% in value of the creditors or class of creditors or members or class of members (as the case may be) representing 75% of the voting rights of the members or class of members (as the case may be), present and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting summoned for the purposes of agreeing to the scheme, so agree, subsection (1) does not apply in relation to the liabilities owed to the creditors or that class of creditors.

(3)

A transferee company is not liable under this section for an amount greater than the net value transferred to it under the scheme.

The “net value transferred” is the value at the time of the transfer of the property transferred to it under the scheme less the amount at that date of the liabilities so transferred.

Disruption of websites

855. Disregard of website failures beyond control of company

A failure to make information or a document available on the website throughout a period

specified in any of the provisions mentioned in subsection (2) is to be disregarded if–

(a)

it is made available on the website for part of that period, and

477

(b)

the failure to make it available throughout that period is wholly attributable to circumstances that it would not be reasonable to have expected the company to prevent or avoid.

(2)

The provisions referred to above are–

(a)

section 813(5),

(b)

section 819(3),

(c)

section 826(5) and 826(8),

(d)

section 827(5) and 827(8),

(e)

section 828(4) and 828(7),

(f)

section 833(5),

(g)

section 839(3),

(h)

section 844(5) and 844(8), and

(i)

section 845(4) and 845(7).

Interpretation

856. Meaning of “liabilities” and “property”

In this Part–

“liabilities” includes duties,

“property” includes property, rights and powers of every description.

478

Part 27

FRAUDULENT TRADING

857. Fraudulent trading

(1)

If any business of a company is carried on with intent to defraud creditors of the company or creditors of any other person, or for any fraudulent purpose, a contravention of these Regulations is committed by every person who is knowingly a party to the carrying on of the business in that manner .

(2)

This applies whether or not the company has been, or is in the course of being, wound up.

(3)

A person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (1) shall be liable for a fine of up to level 8.

(4)

The provisions of this section are without prejudice to any other fine, censure or legal proceeding to which a director may be subject under these Regulations or any other law or regulation applicable in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

479

Part 28

PROTECTION OF MEMBERS AGAINST UNFAIR PREJUDICE

Main provisions

858. Petition by company member36