asing to hold it.

(7)

The information required by the notice must be given within such reasonable time as may be specified in the notice.

726. Notice requiring information: order imposing restrictions on shares

(1) Where-

(a)

a notice under section 725 (notice requiring information about interests in company’s shares) is served by a company on a person who is or was interested in shares in the company, and

(b)

that person fails to give the company the information required by the notice within the time specified in it,

the company may apply to the Court for an order directing that the shares in question be subject to restrictions.

For the effect of such an order see section 729 (consequences of order imposing restrictions).

(2)

If the Court is satisfied that such an order may unfairly affect the rights of third parties in respect of the shares, the Court may, for the purpose of protecting those rights and subject to such terms as it thinks fit, direct that such acts by such persons or descriptions of persons and for such purposes as may be set out in the order shall not constitute a breach of the restrictions.

(3)

On an application under this section the Court may make an interim order.

Any such order may be made unconditionally or on such terms as the Court thinks fit.

(4)

Sections 730 to 734 make further provision about orders under this section.

727. Notice requiring information: offences

(1)

A person who-

(a)

fails to comply with a notice under section 725 (notice requiring information about interests in company’s shares), or

(b)

in purported compliance with such a notice-

(i)

makes a statement that he knows to be false in a material particular, or

(ii)

recklessly makes a statement that is false in a material particular,

contravenes these Regulations.

405

(2)

A person does not contravene these Regulations under subsection (1)(a) if he proves that the requirement to give information was frivolous or vexatious.

(3)

A person who contravenes these Regulations under subsection (1) is liable to a fine of up to level 8.

728. Notice requiring information: persons exempted from obligation to comply

(1)

A person is not obliged to comply with a notice under section 725 (notice requiring information about interests in company’s shares) if he is for the time being exempted by the Registrar from the operation of that section.

(2)

The Registrar must not grant any such exemption unless it is satisfied that, having regard to any undertaking given by the person in question with respect to any interest held or to be held by him in any shares, there are special reasons why that person should not be subject to the obligations imposed by that section.

729. Consequences of order imposing restrictions

(1)

The effect of an order under section 726 that shares are subject to restrictions is as follows-

(a)

any transfer of the shares is void,

(b)

no voting rights are exercisable in respect of the shares,

(c)

no further shares may be issued in right of the shares or in pursuance of an offer made to their holder,

(d)

except in a liquidation, no payment may be made of sums due from the company on the shares, whether in respect of capital or otherwise.

(2) Where shares are subject to the restriction in subsection (1)(a), an agreement to transfer

the shares is void.

This does not apply to an agreement to transfer the shares on the making of an order under section 732 made by virtue of subsection (3)(b) (removal of restrictions in case of Court-approved transfer).

(3) Where shares are subject to the restriction in subsection (1)(c) or (d), an agreement to transfer any right to be issued with other shares in right of those shares, or to receive any payment on them (otherwise than in a liquidation), is void.

This does not apply to an agreement to transfer any such right on the making of an order under section 732 made by virtue of subsection (3)(b) (removal of restrictions in case of Court-approved transfer).

(4)

The provisions of this section are subject-

(a)

to any directions under section 726(2) or section 731(3) (directions for protection of third parties), and

(b)

in the case of an interim order under section 726(3), to