 68 (change of name: registration and issue of new certificate of incorporation), and

section 69 (change of name: effect),

apply as if the application to the Registrar were notice of a change of name.

(4)

If a company is restored to the register under a name specified in the Court’s order, the provisions of–

section 68 (change of name: registration and issue of new certificate of incorporation), and

section 69 (change of name: effect),

apply as if the copy of the Court order delivered to the Registrar were notice of a change a name.

(5)

If the company is restored to the register as if its registered number was also its name–

(a)

the company must change its name within 14 days after the date of the restoration,

(b)

the change may be made by resolution of the directors (without prejudice to any other method of changing the company’s name),

(c)

the company must give notice to the Registrar of the change, and

(d)

sections 68 and 69 apply as regards the registration and effect of the change.

(6)

If the company fails to comply with subsection 5(a) or (c) a contravention of these Regulations is committed by–

(a)

the company, and

(b)

every officer of the company who is in default.

500

(7)

A person who commits a contravention of these Regulations under subsection 6 shall be liable to a level 2 fine.

892. Effect of restoration to the register where property has vested as bona vacantia

(1)

The person in whom any property or right is vested by section 876 (property of a dissolved company) may dispose of, or of an interest in, that property or right despite the fact that the company may be restored to the register under this Chapter.

(2)

If the company is restored to the register–

(a)

the restoration does not affect the disposition (but without prejudice to its effect in relation to any other property or right previously vested in or held on trust for the company), and

(b)

the Board shall pay to the company an amount equal to–

(i)

the amount of any consideration received for the property or right or, as the case may be, the interest in it, or

(ii)

the value of any such consideration at the time of the disposition,

or, if no consideration was received an amount equal to the value of the property, right or interest disposed of, as at the date of the disposition.

(3)

There may be deducted from the amount payable under subsection (2)(b) the reasonable costs of the Board in connection with the disposition (to the extent that they have not been paid as a condition of administrative restoration or pursuant to a Court order for restoration).

501

PART 30

INVESTIGATION OF COMPANIES AND THEIR AFFAIRS

Chapter 1

REQUISITION OF DOCUMENTS

Appointment and functions of inspectors

893.

Investigation of a company on its own application or that of its members

(1)

The Registrar may appoint one or more competent inspectors to investigate the affairs of a company and to report the results of their investigations to it.

(2)

The appointment may be made—

(a)

in the case of a company having a share capital, on the application either of not less than 200 members or of members holding not less than one-tenth of the shares issued (excluding any shares held as treasury shares),

(b)

in the case of a company not having a share capital, on the application of not less than one-fifth in number of the persons on the company’s register of members, and

(c)

in any case, on application of the company.

(3)

The application shall be supported by such evidence as the Registrar may require for the purpose of showing that the applicant or applicants have good reason for requiring the investigation.

(4)

The Registrar may, before appointing inspectors, require the applicant or applicants to give security, to an amount not exceeding 10,000 US dollars, or such other sum as it may by specify in rules made under this section, for payment of the costs of the investigation.

894. Other company investigations39

(1)

The Registrar shall appoint one or more competent inspectors to investigate the affairs of a company and report the result of their investigations to it, if the Court by order declares that its affairs ought to be so investigated.

(2)

The Registrar