 section 867A (application for voluntary striking off supported by prescribed statement),

(ii)

concluding affairs of the company that are outstanding because of what has been necessary or expedient for the purpose of making, or proceeding with, such an application, or

(iii)

complying with any statutory requirement,

(b)

any activity specified in rules made by the Board by resolution for the purposes of this subsection.

(5)

A person who fails to perform the duty imposed on him by this section commits a contravention of these Regulations.

(6)

It is a defence to such a contravention for the person who committed the contravention to prove–

(a)

that at the time of the failure he was not aware of the fact that the company had made an application under section 867 or under section 867A, or

(b)

that he took all reasonable steps to perform the duty.

(7)

A person who commits a contravention under this section shall be liable to a level 3 fine.

874. Withdrawal of application

An application under section 867 or under section 867A is withdrawn by notice to the Registrar.

875. Meaning of “creditor”

In this Chapter “creditor” includes a contingent or prospective creditor.

Chapter 2

PROPERTY OF DISSOLVED COMPANY

Property vesting as bona vacantia

876. Property of a dissolved company

(1) When a company is dissolved, all property and rights whatsoever vested in or held on trust for the company immediately before its dissolution (but not including property held by the company on trust for another person) are deemed to be bona vacantia and–

(a)

accordingly belong to the Board, and

492

(b)

vest and may be dealt with in the same manner as other bona vacantia accruing to the Board.

(2)

Subsection (1) has effect subject to the possible restoration of the company to the register under Chapter 3 (see section 113).

877. Board disclaimer of property vesting as bona vacantia

(1) Where property vests in the Board under section 876, the Board’s title to it under that section may be disclaimed by a notice signed by a person duly authorised by the Board.

(2)

The right to execute a notice of disclaimer under this section may be waived by or on behalf of the Board either expressly or by taking possession.

(3)

A notice of disclaimer must be executed within three years after–

(a)

the date on which the fact that the property may have vested in the Board under section 876 first comes to the notice of the Board, or

(b)

if ownership of the property is not established at that date, the end of the period reasonably necessary for the Board to establish the ownership of the property.

(4)

If an application in writing is made to the Board by a person interested in the property requiring him to decide whether he will or will not disclaim, any notice of disclaimer must be executed within twelve months after the making of the application or such further period as may be allowed by the Court.

(5)

A notice of disclaimer under this section is of no effect if it is shown to have been executed after the end of the period specified by subsection (3) or (4).

(6)

A notice of disclaimer under this section must be delivered to the Registrar and retained and registered by him.

(7)

Copies of it must be published on the website of the Registrar and sent to any persons who have given the Board notice that they claim to be interested in the property.

878. Effect of Board disclaimer

Where notice of disclaimer is executed under section 877 as respects any property, that property is deemed not to have vested in the Board under section 876.

Effect of Board disclaimer

879. General effect of disclaimer

(1)

The Board’s disclaimer operates so as to determine, as from the date of the disclaimer, the rights, interests and liabilities of the company in or in respect of the property disclaimed.

(2)

It does not, except so far as is necessary for the purpose of releasing the company from any liability, affect the rights or liabilities of any other person.

493

880. Disclaimer of leasehold property

(1)

The disclaimer of any property of a leasehold character does not take effect unless a copy of the disclaimer has been served (so far as Board is aware of their addresses) on every person claiming under the