 as a creditor of the company or body corporate, or otherwise, and

(c)

cause any such report to be printed and published.

899. Expenses of investigating a company’s affairs

(1)

The expenses of an investigation under any of the powers conferred by this Part shall be defrayed in the first instance by the Registrar, but it may recover those expenses from the persons liable in accordance with this section.

There shall be treated as expenses of the investigation, in particular, such reasonable sums as the Registrar may determine in respect of general staff costs and overheads.

(2)

A person who is found to have committed a contravention of these Regulations in proceedings instituted as a result of the investigation may in the same proceedings be ordered to pay those expenses to such extent as may be specified in the order.

(3)

A body corporate dealt with by an inspectors’ report, where the inspectors were appointed otherwise than of the Registrar’s own motion, is liable except where it was the applicant for the investigation, and except so far as the Registrar otherwise directs.

(4) Where inspectors were appointed—

(a)

under section 893, or

(b)

on an application under section 901(3),

the applicant or applicants for the investigation is or are liable to such extent (if any) as the Registrar may direct.

(5)

The report of inspectors appointed otherwise than of the Registrar’s own motion may, if they think fit, and shall if the Registrar so directs, include a recommendation as to the directions (if any) which they think appropriate, in the light of their investigation, to be given under subsection (4) or (5) of this section.

505

(6)

Any liability to repay the Registrar imposed by subsection (2) above is (subject to satisfaction of his right to repayment) a liability also to indemnify all persons against liability under subsections (4) and (5).

(7)

A person liable under any one of those subsections is entitled to contribution from any other person liable under the same subsection, according to the amount of their respective liabilities under it.

900.

Inspectors’ report to be evidence

(1)

A copy of any report of inspectors appointed under this Part, certified by the Registrar to be a true copy, is admissible in any legal proceedings as evidence of the opinion of the inspectors in relation to any matter contained in the report and, in proceedings relating to disqualification of a company director, as evidence of any fact stated therein.

(2)

A document purporting to be such a certificate as is mentioned above shall be received in evidence and be deemed to be such a certificate, unless the contrary is proved.

901. Power to investigate company ownership

(1) Where it appears to the Registrar that there is good reason to do so, it may appoint one or more competent inspectors to investigate and report on the membership of any company, and otherwise with respect to the company, for the purpose of determining the true persons who are or have been financially interested in the success or failure (real or apparent) of the company or able to control or materially to influence its policy.

(2)

If an application for investigation under this section with respect to particular shares or debentures of a company is made to the Registrar by members of the company, and the number of applicants or the amount of shares held by them is not less than that required for an application for the appointment of inspectors under section 893(2)(a) or 893(2)(b), then, subject to the following provisions, the Registrar shall appoint inspectors to conduct the investigation applied for.

(3)

The Registrar shall not appoint inspectors if it is satisfied that the application is vexatious, and where inspectors are appointed their terms of appointment shall exclude any matter in so far as the Registrar is satisfied that it is unreasonable for it to be investigated.

(4)

The Registrar may, before appointing inspectors, require the applicant or applicants to give security, to an amount not exceeding 10,000 US dollars, or such other sum as it may by order specify, for payment of the costs of the investigation.

An order under this subsection shall be made by Resolution.

(5)

If on an application under subsection (3) it appears to the Registrar that the powers conferred by section 903 are sufficient for the purposes of investigating the matters which inspectors would be appointed to investigate, it may instead conduct the investigation under that section.

(6