)

any other reserve that the company is prohibited from distributing-

(i)

by any regulation or law applicable in the Abu Dhabi Global Market (other than one contained in this Part), or

(ii)

by its articles.

The reference in subsection (b) to capitalisation does not include a transfer of profits of the company to its capital redemption reserve.

420

CHAPTER 2

JUSTIFICATION OF DISTRIBUTION BY REFERENCE TO ACCOUNTS

763. Justification of distribution by reference to relevant accounts

(1) Whether a distribution may be made by a company without contravening this Part is determined by reference to the following items as stated in the relevant accounts-

(a)

profits, losses, assets and liabilities,

(b)

provisions of any kind,

(c)

share capital and reserves (including undistributable reserves).

(2)

The relevant accounts are the company's last annual accounts, except that-

(a)

where the distribution would be found to contravene this Part by reference to the company's last annual accounts, it may be justified by reference to interim accounts, and

(b)

where the distribution is proposed to be declared during the company's first accounting reference period, or before any accounts have been circulated in respect of that period, it may be justified by reference to initial accounts.

(3)

The requirements of-

section 764 (as regards the company's last annual accounts),

section 765 (as regards interim accounts), and

section 766 (as regards initial accounts),

must be complied with, as and where applicable.

(4)

If any applicable requirement of those sections is not complied with, the accounts may not be relied on for the purposes of this Part and the distribution is accordingly treated as contravening this Part.

764. Requirements where last annual accounts used

(1)

The company's last annual accounts means the company's individual accounts that were last circulated to members in accordance with section 405 (duty to circulate copies of annual accounts and reports).

(2)

The accounts must have been properly prepared in accordance with these Regulations, or have been so prepared subject only to matters that are not material for determining (by reference to the items mentioned in section 763(1)) whether the distribution would contravene this Part.

(3)

Unless the company is exempt from audit and the directors take advantage of that exemption, the auditor must have made his report on the accounts.

(4)

If that report was qualified-

(a)

the auditor must have stated in writing (either at the time of his report or subsequently) whether in his opinion the matters in respect of which his report

421

is qualified are material for determining whether a distribution would contravene this Part, and

(b)

a copy of that statement must-

(i)

in the case of a private company, have been circulated to members in accordance with section 405 (duty to circulate copies of annual accounts and reports), or

(ii)

in the case of a public company, have been laid before the company in general meeting.

(5)

An auditor's statement is sufficient for the purposes of a distribution if it relates to distributions of a description that includes the distribution in question, even if at the time of the statement it had not been proposed.

765. Requirements where interim accounts used

(1)

Interim accounts must be accounts that enable a reasonable judgment to be made as to the amounts of the items mentioned in section 763(1).

(2) Where interim accounts are prepared for a proposed distribution by a public company,

the following requirements apply.

(3)

The accounts must have been properly prepared, or have been so prepared subject to matters that are not material for determining (by reference to the items mentioned in section 763(1)) whether the distribution would contravene this Part.

(4)

“Properly prepared” means prepared in accordance with section 387 (requirements for company individual accounts), applying those requirements with such modifications as are necessary because the accounts are prepared otherwise than in respect of an accounting reference period.

(5)

The balance sheet comprised in the accounts must have been signed in accordance with section 401.

(6)

A copy of the accounts must have been delivered to the Registrar.

Any requirement of these Regulations as to the delivery of a certified translation into English of any document forming part of the accounts must also have been met.

766. Requirements where initial accounts used

(1)

Initial accounts must be accounts that enable a reasonable judgment