 must be listed in alphabetical order by name, or

(b)

the return must have annexed to it an index that is sufficient to enable the name of the person in question to be easily found.

(2)

The return must also state–

(a)

the number of shares of each class held at the end of the date to which the return is made up by each person who was a member of the company at that time,

(b)

the number of shares of each class transferred during the return period by or to each person who was a member of the company at any time during that period, and

(c)

the dates of registration of those transfers.

(3)

If either of the two immediately preceding returns has given the full particulars required by subsections (1) and (2), the return need only give such particulars as relate–

(a)

to persons who became, or ceased to be, members during the return period, and

(b)

to shares transferred during that period.

783. Failure to deliver confirmation statement

(1)

If a company fails to deliver a confirmation statement before the end of the period of one month after a return date, an offence is committed by–

(a)

the company,

(b)

subject to subsection (4)–

(i)

every director of the company, and

(ii)

in the case of a private company with a secretary or a public company, every secretary of the company,

(c)

every other officer of the company who is in default.

430

For this purpose a shadow director is treated as a director.

(2)

A person who commits a contravention of subsection (1) is liable to a level 2 fine.

(3)

The contravention continues until such time as a confirmation statement made up to that return date is delivered by the company to the Registrar.

(4)

It is a defence for a director or secretary charged with an offence under subsection (1)(b) to prove that he took all reasonable steps to avoid the commission or continuation of the offence.

(5)

In the case of continued contravention, an offence is also committed by every officer of the company who did not commit an offence under subsection (1) in relation to the initial contravention but is in default in relation to the continued contravention.

A person who commits a contravention of this subsection is liable is liable to a level 2 fine.

Part 24

COMPANY CHARGES

Chapter 1

REGISTRATION OF COMPANY CHARGES

784. Charges created by a company30

(1)

Subject to subsection (6), this section applies where a company creates a charge.

(2)

The Registrar must register the charge against the name of the company and make such register available to the public if, before the end of the period allowed for delivery, the company or any person interested in the charge delivers to the Registrar for registration a charge filing statement (see section 787).

(3) Where the charge is created or evidenced by an instrument, the Registrar is required to register it only if a certified copy of the instrument is delivered to the Registrar with the charge filing statement.

(4)

“The period allowed for delivery” is 21 days beginning with the day after the date of creation of the charge (see section 788), unless an order allowing an extended period is made under section 789(3).

(4A) Despite section 784(4), “the period allowed for delivery” for a company that applies for a certificate to continue as a company registered under these Regulations is the date the application is made to the Registrar for a continuance under section 102.

(5) Where an order is made under section 789(3) a copy of the order must be delivered to

the Registrar with the charge filing statement.

30 Amended 9 September 2024

431

(6)

This section does not apply to–

(a)

a charge in favour of a landlord on a cash deposit given as a security in connection with the lease of land,

(b)

a charge which is an international interest, as defined in Part 12 of the Insolvency Regulations 2015,

(c)

a charge excluded from the application of this section by these Regulations, or any other law of the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(7)

In this Part–

“cash” includes foreign currency,

“charge” includes a mortgage, and

“effective date” means the date that this Chapter comes