 of this section, that person shall make a report to the Registrar in such manner as it may require on the exercise of those powers and the results of exercising them.

929. Penalty for failure to comply with requirement, etc.

(1)

A person who without reasonable excuse fails to comply with a requirement imposed on him under section 927 commits a contravention of these Regulations and shall be liable to a fine of up to level 7.

522

(2)

A person who in purported compliance with any such requirement furnishes information which he knows to be false or misleading in a material particular, or recklessly furnishes information which is false or misleading in a material particular, commits a contravention of these Regulations and shall be liable to a fine of up to level 8.

930. Restrictions on disclosure of information

(1)

This section applies to information relating to the business or other affairs of a person which—

(a)

is supplied by a non-Abu Dhabi Global Market regulatory authority in connection with a request for assistance, or

(b)

is obtained by virtue of the powers conferred by section 927, whether or not any requirement to supply it is made under that section.

(2)

Except as permitted by section 931 below, such information shall not be disclosed for any purpose—

(a)

by the primary recipient, or

(b)

by any person obtaining the information directly or indirectly from him,

without the consent of the person from whom the primary recipient obtained the information and, if different, the person to whom it relates.

(3)

The “primary recipient” means, as the case may be−

(a)

the Registrar,

(b)

the Board,

(c)

any person authorised under section 928 to exercise powers on his behalf, and

(d)

any officer or servant of any such person.

(4)

Information shall not be treated as information to which this section applies if it has been made available to the public by virtue of being disclosed in any circumstances in which, or for any purpose for which, disclosure is not precluded by this section.

(5)

A person who contravenes this section commits a contravention of these Regulations and shall be liable to a fine of up to level 8.

931. Exceptions from restrictions on disclosure

(1)

Information to which section 930 applies may be disclosed−

(a)

to any person with a view to the institution of, or otherwise for the purposes of, relevant regulatory proceedings as determined by the Registrar,

(b)

for the purpose of enabling or assisting a relevant authority to discharge any relevant function (including functions in relation to proceedings),

(c)

if the disclosure is made in the interests of investors or in the public interest,

(d)

if the information is or has been available to the public from other sources,

(e)

in a summary or collection of information framed in such a way as not to enable the identity of any person to whom the information relates to be ascertained,

523

(f)

pursuant to an obligation imposed on the Registrar under the laws of the United Arab Emirates which is effective in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

932. Contraventions by bodies corporate, partnerships and unincorporated associations

(1) Where a contravention under section 929 or 930 committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, a director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body, or a person purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the body corporate has committed a contravention and is liable to be proceeded against and fined accordingly.

(2) Where the affairs of a body corporate are managed by its members, subsection (1) applies in relation to the acts and defaults of a member in connection with his functions of management as to a director of a body corporate.

(3) Where a contravention under section 929 or 930 committed by a partnership is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, a partner, he as well as the partnership has committed a contravention and is liable to be proceeded against and fined accordingly.

(4) Where a contravention under section 929 or 930 committed by an unincorporated association (other than a partnership) is proved to have been committed with the