 that will in the directors’ view be available to the cell,

the company will be able to–

A.

continue to carry on business, and

B.

discharge its liabilities as they fall due,

until the expiry of the period of 12 months immediately following the date on which the statement is signed.

(6)

If a director makes a statement under subsection (3) or subsection (5) without having reasonable grounds for the opinion expressed in the statement, a contravention of these Regulations is committed by him.

(7)

A person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (6) shall be liable to a fine of up to level 4.

1065. Protection of cellular and non-cellular assets of protected cell companies

(1) Where a creditor of a protected cell company has a claim against the company in respect of a particular cell of the company (in this section called “the relevant cell”) by virtue of a transaction to which section 1050(10) applies, only the cellular assets of the company held by it in respect of the relevant cell shall be available to the creditor.

(2) Where a creditor of a protected cell company has a claim against the company by virtue of a transaction to which section 1050(10) does not apply, the cellular assets of the company shall not be available to the creditor.

(3)

Accordingly–

(a)

a creditor of the company to whom subsection (1) applies only has the right to seek by proceedings or by any other means, whether in the Abu Dhabi Global Market or elsewhere, to make or attempt to make the cellular assets of the company held by it in respect of the relevant cell available for all or any part of the amount owed to the creditor, and

(b)

a creditor of the company to whom subsection (2) applies has no right to seek by proceedings or by any other means, whether in the Abu Dhabi Global Market or elsewhere, to make or attempt to make the cellular assets of the company available for all or any part of the amount owed to the creditor.

(4)

If a creditor of a protected cell company to whom subsection (1) applies succeeds, whether in the Abu Dhabi Global Market or elsewhere, in making available for all or any part of the amount owed to the creditor any assets of the company that are not its cellular assets held by it in respect of the relevant cell, the creditor shall be liable to pay to the company an amount equal to the benefit so obtained.

(5)

If a creditor of a protected cell company to whom subsection (2) applies succeeds, whether in the Abu Dhabi Global Market or elsewhere, in making available for all or any part of the amount owed to the creditor any cellular assets of the company, the creditor shall be liable to pay to the company an amount equal to the benefit so obtained.

590

(6)

Any amount recovered by a protected cell company in respect of a cell of the company by virtue of subsection (4) or subsection (5), and the right to claim that amount, shall form part of the cellular assets of the company held by it in respect of the cell.

(7)

If a creditor of a protected cell company to whom subsection (1) applies succeeds, whether in the Abu Dhabi Global Market or elsewhere in seizing or attaching or otherwise levying execution against any assets of the company, that are not its cellular assets held by it in respect of the relevant cell, for all or any part of the amount owed to the creditor, the creditor shall hold those assets or their proceeds on trust for the company or, as the case may be, the cell of the company whose cellular assets were wrongfully seized or attached.

(8)

If a creditor of a protected cell company to whom subsection (2) applies succeeds, whether in the Abu Dhabi Global Market or elsewhere in seizing or attaching or otherwise levying execution against any cellular assets of the company for all or any part of the amount owed to the creditor, the creditor shall hold those assets or their proceeds on trust for the cell of the company whose cellular assets were wrongfully seized or attached.

(9) Where subsection (7) or subsection (8) applies, the creditor must–

(a)

keep the assets so held on trust separated and identifiable as trust property, and

(b)

pay or return them on demand to the protected cell company.

(10)

If a creditor fails to comply with the provisions of subsection (9),