officer” and “in default” have the meanings given by section 990.

(4)

The provisions of this section are without prejudice to any other fine, censure or legal proceeding to which a director may be subject under these Regulations or any other law or regulation applicable in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

992. Fines

(1)

If all or any of the amount of a fine payable under these Regulations is outstanding 30 days after notice of that fine has been issued, the Registrar may recover the outstanding amount as a debt due to it.

(2)

This section is subject to any direction of the Court.

993. Legal professional privilege

In proceedings against a person for a contravention of these Regulations, nothing in these Regulations is to be taken to require any person to disclose any information that he is entitled to refuse to disclose on grounds of legal professional privilege.

550

PART 33

COMPANIES: COMPANY RECORDS AND SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS

Company records

994. Meaning of “company records”

In this Part “company records” means–

(a)

any register, index, accounting records, agreement, memorandum, minutes or other document required by these Regulations to be kept by a company, and

(b)

any register kept by a company of its debenture holders.

995. Form of company records

(1)

Company records–

(a)

may be kept in hard copy or electronic form, and

(b) may be arranged in such manner as the directors of the company think fit,

provided the information in question is adequately recorded for future reference.

(2) Where the records are kept in electronic form, they must be capable of being reproduced

in hard copy form.

(3)

If a company fails to comply with this section, a contravention of these Regulations is committed by every officer of the company who is in default.

(4)

A person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (3) is liable to a level 2 fine.

996. Rules about where certain company records to be kept available for inspection

(1)

The Board may make rules specifying places other than a company’s registered office at which company records required to be kept available for inspection under a relevant provision may be so kept in compliance with that provision.

(2)

The “relevant provisions” are–

section 118 (register of members),

section 156 (register of directors’ residential addresses),

section 292 (register of secretaries),

section 215 (directors’ service contracts),

section 223 (directors’ indemnities),

section 360 (records of resolutions etc),

section 642 (contracts relating to purchase of own shares),

section 660 (documents relating to redemption or purchase of own shares out of capital by private company),

section 682 (register of debenture holders),

551

section 737 (report to members of outcome of investigation by public company into interests in its shares),

section 740 (register of interests in shares disclosed to public company),

section 798 (instruments creating charges).

(3)

The rules may specify a place by reference to the company’s principal place of business, the place at which the company keeps any other records available for inspection or in any other way.

(4)

The rules may provide that a company does not comply with a relevant provision by keeping company records available for inspection at a place specified in the rules unless conditions specified in the rules are met.

(5)

The rules–

(a)

need not specify a place in relation to each relevant provision,

(b) may specify more than one place in relation to a relevant provision.

(6)

A requirement under a relevant provision to keep company records available for inspection is not complied with by keeping them available for inspection at a place specified in the rules unless all the company’s records subject to the requirement are kept there.

997. Regulations about inspection of records and provision of copies

(1)

The Board may make rules as to the obligations of a company that is required by any provision of these Regulations–

(a)

to keep available for inspection any company records, or

(b)

to provide copies of any company records.

(2)

A company that fails to comply with the rules is treated as having refused inspection or, as the case may be, having failed to provide a copy.

(3)

The rules may–

(a)

make provision as to the time, duration and manner of inspection, including the circumstances in which and extent