 the contrary is proved, effected at the time at which the letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of post and, as it applies in relation to that subsection, the proper address of a person is–

(a)

in the case of a firm incorporated or formed in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, its registered or principal office, or the registered office of its registered agent

(b)

in the case of a firm incorporated or formed outside the Abu Dhabi Global Market –

(i)

if it has a place of business in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, its principal office in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, or

(ii)

if it does not have a place of business in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, its registered or principal office,

(c)

in the case of an individual, his last known address.

(5)

In the case of a creditor of the company a document is treated as given to him if it is left or sent by post to him–

(a)

at the place of business of his with which the company has had dealings by virtue of which he is a creditor of the company, or

(b)

if there is more than one such place of business, at each of them.

(6)

Further provision as to service and other matters is made in the company communications provisions (see section 1003).

(7)

Nothing in this section shall be read as affecting any applicable law, regulation, or rule of law under which permission is required for service out of the jurisdiction.

1001. Service addresses

(1)

In these Regulations a “service address”, in relation to a person, means a post box or other address at which documents may be effectively served on that person by a postal service operating in the United Arab Emirates.

1002. Requirement to give service address

Any obligation under these Regulations to give a person’s address is, unless otherwise expressly provided, to give a service address for that person.

Sending or supplying documents or information

1003. The company communications provisions

(1)

The provisions of sections 1004 to 1008 and Schedules 4 and 5 (“the company communications provisions”) have effect for the purposes of any provision of these

554

Regulations that authorises or requires documents or information to be sent or supplied by or to a company.

(2)

The company communications provisions have effect subject to any requirements imposed, or contrary provision made, by or under any law or regulation applicable in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(3)

In particular, in their application in relation to documents or information to be sent or supplied to the Registrar, they have effect subject to the provisions of Part 36.

(4)

For the purposes of subsection (2), provision is not to be regarded as contrary to the company communications provisions by reason only of the fact that it expressly authorises a document or information to be sent or supplied in hard copy form, in electronic form or by means of a website.

1004. Sending or supplying documents or information

(1)

Documents or information to be sent or supplied to a company must be sent or supplied in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4.

(2)

Documents or information to be sent or supplied by a company must be sent or supplied in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5.

(3)

The provisions referred to in subsection (2) apply (and those referred to in subsection (1) do not apply) in relation to documents or information that are to be sent or supplied by one company to another.

1005. Right to hard copy version

(1) Where a member of a company or a holder of a company’s debentures has received a document or information from the company otherwise than in hard copy form, he is entitled to require the company to send him a version of the document or information in hard copy form.

(2)

The company must send the document or information in hard copy form within 21 days of receipt of the request from the member or debenture holder.

(3)

The company may not make a charge for providing the document or information in that form.

(4)

If a company fails to comply with this section, a contravention of these Regulations is committed by the company and every officer of it who is in default.

(5)

A person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (4) is liable to a level 2 fine.

1006. Requirement of authentication

(1)

This section applies in relation