 account.

Rights held by one person on behalf of another

Rights held by a person in a fiduciary capacity shall be treated as not held by him.

Rights held by a person as nominee for another shall be treated as held by the other.

Rights shall be regarded as held as nominee for another if they are exercisable only on his instructions or with his consent or concurrence.

Rights attached to shares held by way of security

Rights attached to shares held by way of security shall be treated as held by the person providing the security-

(a)

where apart from the right to exercise them for the purpose of preserving the value of the security, or of realising it, the rights are exercisable only in accordance with his instructions, and

(b)

where the shares are held in connection with the granting of loans as part of normal business activities and apart from the right to exercise them for the purpose of preserving the value of the security, or of realising it, the rights are exercisable only in his interests.

Rights attributed to parent undertaking

Rights shall be treated as held by a parent undertaking if they are held by any of its subsidiary undertakings.

Nothing in paragraph 6(2), 6(3) or 7 shall be construed as requiring rights held by a parent undertaking to be treated as held by any of its subsidiary undertakings.

For the purposes of paragraph 7 rights shall be treated as being exercisable in accordance with the instructions or in the interests of an undertaking if they are exercisable in accordance with the instructions of or, as the case may be, in the interests of any group undertaking.

626

9.

10.

Disregard of certain rights

The voting rights in an undertaking shall be reduced by any rights held by the undertaking itself.

Supplementary

References in any provision of paragraphs 6 to 9 to rights held by a person include rights falling to be treated as held by him by virtue of any other provision of those paragraphs but not rights which by virtue of any such provision are to be treated as not held by him.

627