5 shall not apply in respect of the company or any other cell of the company.

1067. Court may determine liability of protected cells companies

The Court, on the application of a protected cell company, may determine, in accordance with this Part, if a liability of the company is to be met by its non-cellular assets, by the cellular assets of a specific cell of the company or by a combination of those assets.

1068. Definitions relevant to this Part

In this Part:

“cell” means a cell of a cell company,

“cell company” means a company that is an incorporated cell company or a protected cell company,

“cellular assets”, in respect of a protected cell company, means the assets of the company attributable solely to the cell or cells of the company,

“cellular liabilities”, in respect of a protected cell company, means the liabilities of the company attributable solely to a cell or cells of the company,

“class of members”, in respect of a protected cell company, includes–

(a)

the members of a cell of the company, and

(b)

any class of members of a cell of the company,

“incorporated cell company” means a company to which section 1047(1) applies,

“non-cellular assets”, in respect of a protected cell company, means its assets that are not its cellular assets,

592

“non-cellular liabilities”, in respect of a protected cell company, means its liabilities that are not its cellular liabilities.

“protected cell company” means a company to which section 1047(2) applies.

Part 36A

INVESTMENT COMPANIES

1068A. Application and interpretation, powers of the Board

(1) Without limiting the generality of subsection (2) below, the provisions of this Part are additional to any other legislation which may apply to the incorporation, operation, or winding up of an investment company.

(2)

Except as far as otherwise provided by this Part, any provision of any Rules made by the Financial Services Regulator relating to Collective Investment Funds, or any other enactment, the provisions of these Regulations shall apply in their entirety to investment companies.

(3)

The Board shall have authority from time to time to make, issue, amend and rescind such Rules as are necessary or appropriate in relation to the incorporation, operation or winding up of investment companies.

1068B. Formation of investment companies53

(1)

A company is an investment company if its articles provide that it is an investment company, and it has been established for the purpose of collective investment and, if applicable, the management of the collective investment it holds.

(2) An investment company may be either a public or private company and may take the

form of -

(a)

a company limited by shares, or

(b)

a cell company (or a cell of a cell company).

(3) An investment company cannot be a restricted scope company and a restricted scope

company cannot be or become an investment company.

1068C. Names of investment companies

(1)

The name of an investment company must include the words 'Close-Ended Investment Company' or the abbreviation 'CEIC', if it is a closed-ended investment company, or must include the words ‘Open-Ended Investment Company’ or the abbreviation ‘OEIC’ if it is an open-ended investment company.

(2)

A company that is registered with a name that includes the words 'Close-Ended Investment Company' ‘Open-Ended Investment Company’ or the abbreviations 'CEIC'

53 Amended 23 February 2023

593

or OEIC may, in setting out or using its name for any purpose under these Regulations, do so in full or in abbreviation form, as it determines.

1068D. Directors54

(1)

Sections 144 and 145 of these Regulations shall not apply to investment companies.

(2)

An investment company must have at least one director.

(3)

The directors of an investment company must be fit and proper persons to act as such.

(4)

If an investment company has only one director, that director must be a body corporate which is an Authorised Person and which holds the Financial Services Permission in the Abu Dhabi Global Market or in a jurisdiction acceptable to the Financial Services Regulator authorising it to carry on the Regulated Activity of Managing a Collective Investment Fund.

(5)

If an investment company has two or more directors, they