 investigated.

(4)

The Registrar may, before appointing inspectors, require the applicant or applicants to give security, to an amount not exceeding 10,000 US dollars, or such other sum as it may by order specify, for payment of the costs of the investigation.

An order under this subsection shall be made by Resolution.

(5)

If on an application under subsection (3) it appears to the Registrar that the powers conferred by section 903 are sufficient for the purposes of investigating the matters which inspectors would be appointed to investigate, it may instead conduct the investigation under that section.

(6)

Subject to the terms of their appointment, the inspectors’ powers extend to the investigation of any circumstances suggesting the existence of an arrangement or understanding which, though not legally binding, is or was observed or likely to be observed in practice and which is relevant to the purposes of the investigation.

506

Other powers of investigation available to the Registrar

902. Provisions applicable on investigation under section 901

(1)

For purposes of an investigation under section 901, sections 895, 896, 897 and 898 apply with the necessary modifications of references to the affairs of the company or to those of any other body corporate, subject however to the following subsections.

(2)

Those sections apply to—

(a)

all persons who are or have been, or whom the inspector has reasonable cause to believe to be or have been, financially interested in the success or failure or the apparent success or failure of the company or any other body corporate whose membership is investigated with that of the company, or able to control or materially influence its policy (including persons concerned only on behalf of others), and

(b)

any other person whom the inspector has reasonable cause to believe possesses information relevant to the investigation,

as they apply in relation to officers and agents of the company or the other body corporate (as the case may be).

(3)

If the Registrar is of opinion that there is good reason for not divulging any part of a report made by virtue of section 901 and this section, it may under section 898 disclose the report with the omission of that part, and it may cause to be kept by the Registrar of companies a copy of the report with that part omitted or, in the case of any other such report, a copy of the whole report.

903. Power to obtain information as to those interested in shares, etc.

(1)

If it appears to the Registrar that there is good reason to investigate the ownership of any shares in or debentures of a company and that it is unnecessary to appoint inspectors for the purpose, it may require any person whom it has reasonable cause to believe to have or to be able to obtain any information as to the present and past interests in those shares or debentures and the names and addresses of the persons interested and of any persons who act or have acted on their behalf in relation to the shares or debentures to give any such information to the Registrar.

(2)

For this purpose a person is deemed to have an interest in shares or debentures if he has any right to acquire or dispose of them or of any interest in them, or to vote in respect of them, or if his consent is necessary for the exercise of any of the rights of other persons interested in them, or if other persons interested in them can be required, or are accustomed, to exercise their rights in accordance with his instructions.

(3)

A person who fails to give information required of him under this section, or who in giving such information makes any statement which he knows to be false in a material particular, or recklessly makes any statement which is false in a material particular, commits a contravention of these Regulations.

(4)

A person who is found to have committed a contravention under this section shall be liable to a fine of up to level 8.

507

904. Power to impose restrictions on shares and debentures

(1)

If in connection with an investigation under either section 901 or 903 it appears to the Registrar that there is difficulty in finding out the relevant facts about any shares (whether issued or to be issued), it may by order direct that the shares shall until further order be subject to the restrictions of Chapter 2 of this Part.

(2)

If the Registrar is satisfied that an order under subsection (1) may unfairly affect the rights of third parties in respect of shares then the