 company, all property and rights of that company in respect of the cell immediately before the issue of the new certificate become the property and rights of the cell if the transfer is to an incorporated cell company or, if the transfer is to a protected cell company, the property and rights of that company in respect of that cell,

(h)

where the cell was a cell of a protected cell company, all liabilities, contracts, debts and other obligations of that company in respect of the cell, to which the protected cell company was subject immediately before the issue of the new certificate, become the liabilities, contracts, debts and other obligations of the cell if the transfer is to an incorporated cell company or, if the transfer is to a protected cell company, the liabilities, contracts, debts and other obligations of that company in respect of the cell, and

(i)

where the cell was a cell of a protected cell company, all actions and other legal proceedings that, immediately before the issue of the new certificate, were pending by or against the protected cell company in respect of the cell may be continued by or against the cell if the transfer is to an incorporated cell company or, if the transfer is to a protected cell company, against that company is respect of the cell.

(13) The operation of subsection (12) shall not be regarded as giving rise to any –

(a)

breach of contract or confidence or otherwise as a civil wrong,

(b)

breach of any contractual provision prohibiting, restricting or regulating the assignment or transfer of rights or liabilities, or

(c)

remedy by a party to a contract or other instrument, as an event of default under any contract or other instrument or as causing or permitting the termination of any contract or other instrument, or of any obligation or relationship.

(14) A cell may not be transferred under this section if the transfer would be inconsistent with the articles of the cell, the cell company transferring the cell or the cell company to which it is to be transferred.

584

(15) A company that is not a cell company and a cell company may enter into an agreement to provide that the company that is not a cell company shall become a cell of the cell company.

(16) Where subsection (15) applies–

(a)

the agreement mentioned in that paragraph shall have effect for the purpose of this section as if it were a transfer agreement, and

(b)

this section shall otherwise apply in respect of the transfer as if the company that is not a cell company were a cell of an incorporated cell company.

1057. Application of the Insolvency Regulations 2015 to cell companies

(1) Where a cell company with one or more cells is being wound up under the Insolvency Regulations 2015 the company shall not be taken to have no assets and no liabilities while the company continues to have any such cell.

(2)

Accordingly, in the course of the winding up of the company, each cell of the company must–

(a)

be transferred to another cell company,

(b)

be wound up,

(c)

be continued as a body corporate or cell under the law of another jurisdiction,

(d)

be incorporated independently of the cell company, or

(e)

be merged with another company.

1058. Names of incorporated cell companies

(1)

The name of an incorporated cell company must end with the words ‘Incorporated Cell Company’ or with the abbreviation ‘ICC’.

(2)

A company that is registered with a name that ends with the words ‘Incorporated Cell Company’ or the abbreviation ‘ICC’ may, in setting out or using its name for any purpose under these Regulations, do so in full or in abbreviation form, as it determines.

(3)

An incorporated cell company must assign a distinctive name to each of its cells that–

(a)

distinguishes the cell from any other cell of the company, and

(b)

ends with the words ‘Incorporated Cell’ or with the abbreviation ‘IC’.

(4)

Sections 52 and 53 (specifying how the name of a limited company must end) shall not apply to a cell of an incorporated cell company where the cell is a limited company.

1059. Restriction on amendment of articles

(1)

The powers conferred by sections 19 and 20 (relating to the alteration of articles) on a company to amend its articles shall not be exercisable by a company to provide for it to be a cell company unless–

