418 (filing obligations of companies subject to small companies regime),

Part 14, Chapter 8, section 420 (filing obligations of medium-sized companies),

Part 14, Chapter 8, section 421 (filing obligations of companies generally),

Part 23, section 778 (duty to deliver annual returns), or

Part 33, section 995 (form of company records),

direct, by notice in writing to a person, that any of those sections—

(a)

are not to apply to that person, as specified in a direction notice from the Registrar; or

(b)

are to apply to that person with modifications, specified in a direction notice

from the Registrar.

(6) The Registrar may only exercise the direction power in subsection (5) where, in the

reasonable discretion of the Registrar, public policy grounds exist.

(7) The Registrar may request from an applicant under subsection (5) any information it reasonably requires to exercise the Registrar’s discretion in subsection (5) and (6).

597

(8) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (5), (6) and (7), the Registrar must not exercise the discretion provided for in subsection (5) in relation to any person who is subject to sections 100, 101 and 102 of these Regulations, unless such person provides the Registrar with satisfactory evidence acceptable to the Registrar, which is issued from the relevant governmental authority of the jurisdiction under which that person is incorporated and permits that person to submit an application to the Registrar for continuance within Abu Dhabi Global Market.

598

Part 38

FINAL PROVISIONS

1071. Short title, extent and commencement

(1)

These Regulations may be cited as the Companies Regulations2020.

(2)

These Regulations shall apply in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(3)

These Regulations shall come into force on the date of their publication.

(4)

The Companies Regulations 2015, Companies (Amendment) Regulations 2015, Companies (Amendment No. 2) Regulations 2016, Companies (Amendment) Regulations 2017, Companies (Amendment No. 4) Regulations 2018 and Companies (Amendment No. 1) Regulations 2020 are repealed.

599

ABU DHABI GLOBAL MARKET COMPANIES REGULATIONS SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1

CONNECTED PERSONS: REFERENCES TO AN INTEREST IN SHARES OR DEBENTURES

1.

Introduction

(1)

The provisions of this Schedule have effect for the interpretation of references in sections 276 and 277 (directors connected with or controlling a body corporate) to an interest in shares or debentures.

(2)

The provisions are expressed in relation to shares but apply to debentures as they apply to shares.

2.

General provisions

(1)

A reference to an interest in shares includes any interest of any kind whatsoever in shares.

(2)

Any restraints or restrictions to which the exercise of any right attached to the interest is or may be subject shall be disregarded.

(3)

It is immaterial that the shares in which a person has an interest are not identifiable.

(4)

Persons having a joint interest in shares are deemed each of them to have that interest.

3.

Rights to acquire shares

(1)

A person is taken to have an interest in shares if he enters into a contract to acquire them.

(2)

A person is taken to have an interest in shares if-

(a)

he has a right to call for delivery of the shares to himself or to his order, or

(b)

he has a right to acquire an interest in shares or is under an obligation to take an interest in shares,

whether the right or obligation is conditional or absolute.

(3)

Rights or obligations to subscribe for shares are not to be taken for the purposes of sub-paragraph (2) to be rights to acquire or obligations to take an interest in shares.

(4)

A person ceases to have an interest in shares by virtue of this paragraph-

(a)

on the shares being delivered to another person at his order-

(i) in fulfilment of a contract for their acquisition by him, or

(ii) in satisfaction of a right of his to call for their delivery;

(b)

on a failure to deliver the shares in accordance with the terms of such a contract or on which such a right falls to be satisfied;

600

(c