ORY

1030. Main purposes of Part

The main purposes of this Part are–

(a)

to secure that only persons who are properly supervised and appropriately qualified are appointed as auditors, and

567

(b)

to secure that audits by persons so appointed are carried out properly, with integrity and with a proper degree of independence.

1031. Meaning of “auditor” etc.

(1)

In this Part “auditor” means a person appointed as auditor under Part 15 of these Regulations and the expressions “audit” and “audit work” are to be construed accordingly.

(2)

In this Part “audited person” means the person in respect of whom an audit is conducted.

Chapter 2

INDIVIDUALS AND FIRMS

1032. Eligibility for appointment as an auditor45

No firm may be appointed or act as an auditor of an audited person unless the first- mentioned firm is:

(a)

registered or treated as having been registered as an auditor pursuant to rules made by the Registrar under section 1032A;

(b)

holds any permit as may be required to act as such auditor; and

(c)

is otherwise in compliance with the requirements of this Part.

1032A. Registration of auditors and audit principals

(1)

The Registrar may make rules which require or allow:

(a)

the registration of auditors and certain individuals who are appointed by an auditor with responsibility for managing the conduct or provision of audit services by the auditor or for signing on behalf of the auditor audit or other reports or any other matters as may be provided for in such rules (“audit principals”);

(b)

an auditor or an audit principal to apply to the Registrar for the issuance to it of a registration or permit to act as a registered auditor or registered audit principal for such categories of company, entity or body carrying on such business or activities as may be prescribed by the Registrar in such rules or in such registration or permit;

(c)

auditors and audit principals whose names are entered on the register to comply with or satisfy such conditions or requirements as may be prescribed in or pursuant to such rules or any such registration or permit as may be issued to them as mentioned in (b) above;

(d)

the Registrar to exercise such powers and rights with respect to the regulation of such auditors and audit principals as the Registrar may consider appropriate, including powers to impose sanctions, whether by way of fine, censure or

45 Amended 2 September 2021

568

otherwise, on any auditor or audit principal who contravenes any requirement applicable to it or him pursuant to such rules and, in such circumstances as such rules may prescribe, to suspend or withdraw any registration of, or the issue of any registration or permit to, an auditor or audit principal pursuant to such rules; and

(e)

the Registrar from time to time to amend, revise, withdraw or supplement any rules so made by him as he may consider appropriate or desirable for the purposes of such rules.

(2)

The Registrar may, on the application of a person to whom Part 35 applies, direct by notice in writing to that person, that any of the rules made by the Registrar pursuant to section 1032A:

(a)

are not to apply to that person, as specified in a direction notice from the Registrar, or

(b)

are to apply to that person with modifications, specified in a direction notice from the Registrar.

(3)

The Registrar may only exercise the direction power in subsection (2) where, in the reasonable discretion of the Registrar, public policy grounds exist.

(4)

The Registrar may request from an applicant under subsection (2) any information it reasonably requires to exercise the Registrar’s discretion.

1032B. Registration of auditors and Commercial Licences

The registration of an auditor as a registered auditor by the Registrar shall be deemed to be a “licensed person” with respect to all controlled activities relating to audit services, for the purposes of the Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015. For the avoidance of doubt, these Regulations, and not the Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015, shall apply with respect to all licensing matters for registered auditors.

1033. Effect of ineligibility46

(1)

If at any time a firm who has been appointed or is acting as an auditor, or a person who has been appointed or is acting as an audit principal, ceases to be a registered auditor or a registered audit principal under rules made