 could be validly sent if it were in hard copy form.

PART 4

OTHER AGREED FORMS OF COMMUNICATION

8.

A document or information that is sent or supplied to a company otherwise than in hard copy form or electronic form is validly sent or supplied if it is sent or supplied in a form or manner that has been agreed by the company.

616

SCHEDULE 5

COMMUNICATIONS BY A COMPANY

PART 1

INTRODUCTION

1.

Application of this Schedule

This Schedule applies to documents or information sent or supplied by a company.

PART 2

COMMUNICATIONS IN HARD COPY FORM

2.

Introduction

A document or information is validly sent or supplied by a company if it is sent or supplied in hard copy form in accordance with this Part of this Schedule.

3. Method of communication in hard copy form

(1)

A document or information in hard copy form must be-

(a)

handed to the intended recipient, or

(b)

sent or supplied by hand or by post to an address (in accordance with paragraph 4).

(2)

For the purposes of this Schedule, a person sends a document or information by post if he posts a prepaid envelope containing the document or information.

4.

Address for communications in hard copy form

(1)

A document or information in hard copy form may be sent or supplied by the company-

(a)

to an address specified for the purpose by the intended recipient;

(b)

to a company at its registered office;

(c)

to a person in his capacity as a member of the company at his address as shown in the company's register of members;

(d)

to a person in his capacity as a director of the company at his address as shown in the company's register of directors;

(e)

to an address to which any provision of these Regulations authorises the document or information to be sent or supplied.

(2) Where the company is unable to obtain an address falling within sub-paragraph (1), the document or information may be sent or supplied to the intended recipient's last address known to the company.

617

PART 3

COMMUNICATIONS IN ELECTRONIC FORM

5.

Introduction

A document or information is validly sent or supplied by a company if it is sent in electronic form in accordance with this Part of this Schedule.

6.

Agreement to communications in electronic form

A document or information may only be sent or supplied by a company in electronic form-

(a)

to a person who has agreed (generally or specifically) that the document or information may be sent or supplied in that form (and has not revoked that agreement), or

(b)

to a company that is deemed to have so agreed by a provision in these Regulations.

7.

Address for communications in electronic form

(1) Where the document or information is sent or supplied by electronic means, it may

only be sent or supplied to an address-

(a)

specified for the purpose by the intended recipient (generally or specifically), or

(b)

where the intended recipient is a company, deemed by a provision of these Regulations to have been so specified.

(2) Where the document or information is sent or supplied in electronic form by hand

or by post, it must be-

(a)

handed to the intended recipient, or

(b)

sent or supplied to an address to which it could be validly sent if it were in hard copy form.

PART 4

COMMUNICATIONS BY MEANS OF A WEBSITE

8.

Use of website

A document or information is validly sent or supplied by a company if it is made available on a website in accordance with this Part of this Schedule.

9.

Agreement to use of website

A document or information may only be sent or supplied by the company to a person by being made available on a website if the person-

618

(a)

has agreed (generally or specifically) that the document or information may be sent or supplied to him in that manner, or

(b)

is taken to have so agreed under-

(i)

paragraph 10 (members of the company etc), or

(ii)

paragraph 11 (debenture holders),

and has not revoked that agreement.

10. Deemed agreement of members of company etc to use of website

(1)

This paragraph applies to a document or information to be sent or supplied to a person-

(a)

as a member of the company, or

(b