 take reasonable steps to ensure that it

and its Employees:

(a)

provide such assistance as the Shari'a Supervisory Board reasonably requires to discharge its duties;

(b)

give the Shari'a Supervisory Board right of access at all reasonable times to relevant records and information;

(c)

do not interfere with the Shari'a Supervisory Board's ability to discharge its duties; and

(d)

do not provide false or misleading information to the Shari'a Supervisory Board.

3.6

Shari'a reviews

3.6.1 An Authorised Person or Recognised Body must ensure that all Shari'a reviews are

undertaken by the Shari'a Supervisory Board in accordance with AAOIFI GSIFI No. (2).

3.6.2

(a)

An Authorised Person or Recognised Body must commission an annual report from the Shari'a Supervisory Board which complies with AAOIFI GSIFI No. (1).

(b)

An Authorised Person or Recognised Body must deliver a copy of the annual report of the Shari'a Supervisory Board to the Regulator within 14 days of having received it.

3.7

Internal Shari'a review

3.7.1 An Authorised Person or Recognised Body must perform an internal Shari'a review to assess the extent to which the Authorised Person or Recognised Body complies with fatwa, rulings and guidelines issued by its Shari'a Supervisory Board.

3.7.2 An Islamic Financial Institution must perform the internal Shari'a review in accordance

with AAOIFI GSIFI No. (3).

3.7.3 An Authorised Person which operates an Islamic Window must, to the extent possible, perform the internal Shari'a review in accordance with AAOIFI GSIFI No. (3) and must document the manner in which it will conduct that part of the internal Shari'a review that is not conducted in accordance with AAOIFI GSIFI No. (3).

Confidential

14

IFR VER08.020125

3.7.4 A Recognised Body that carries on all, or part, of its business as an Islamic Financial Business must, to the fullest extent possible, perform the internal Shari'a review in accordance with AAOIFI GSIFI No. (3) and must document the manner in which it will conduct all, or that part, as applicable, of the internal Shari'a review that is not conducted in accordance with AAOIFI GSIFI No. (3).

Guidance

GSIFI No. (3) (Internal Shari'a Review) establishes standards and provides guidance on the internal Shari'a review in institutions that conduct business in accordance with Shari'a. The standard covers the following:

(i)

objectives;

(ii)

internal Shari'a review;

(iii)

independence and objectivity;

(iv)

professional proficiency;

(v)

scope of work;

(vi)

performance of the internal Shari'a review work;

(vii) management of the internal Shari'a review;

(viii)

quality assurance; and

(ix)

elements of an effective internal Shari'a review control system.

3.7.5 An Authorised Person or Recognised Body must ensure that the internal Shari'a review is performed by the internal audit function or the compliance function of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body and that the individuals or departments involved in performing the review are competent and sufficiently independent to assess compliance with Shari'a.

Guidance

For the purposes of assessing competency of personnel or departments which perform the internal Shari'a review, an Authorised Person or Recognised Body should consult AAOIFI GSIFI No. (3) paragraphs 9 to 16 inclusive.

3.8

Additional conduct requirements

Guidance

The COBS Rulebook contains conduct of business requirements that apply to Authorised Persons conducting Regulated Activities. Set out below are additional conduct requirements that apply to an Authorised Person carrying out any Regulated Activity in accordance with Shari'a. Certain conduct requirements detailed below also apply to a Recognised Body Conducting Islamic Financial Business.

Confidential

15

IFR VER08.020125

Disclosure relating to Shari'a Supervisory Board

3.8.1

(a)

An Authorised Person or Recognised Body, must, subject to IFR 3.8.1(b) below, disclose to each client:

(i)

at the outset