 Fund or the compliance function of the Fund and that the individuals or departments involved in performing the review are competent and sufficiently independent to assess compliance with Shari'a.

Guidance

For the purposes of assessing competency of personnel or departments which perform the internal Shari'a review, Fund Manager should consult AAOIFI GSIFI No. (3) paragraphs 9 to 16 inclusive.

Confidential

41

IFR VER08.020125

6.5

Additional disclosure in a Prospectus of an Islamic Fund which is a Public Fund

Guidance

Chapter 9 of the Fund Rules set out the Prospectus requirements. In addition to complying with those requirements as applicable to the particular Fund, the Fund Manager of an Islamic Fund that is a Public Fund must comply with the additional requirements set out in this IFR 6.

6.5.1 A Fund Manager of an Islamic Fund which is a Public Fund must state in the Fund's

Prospectus:

(a)

that all the operations in relation to the Fund will be conducted in accordance with Shari'a;

(b)

if the Fund has a Shari'a Supervisory Board appointed to it, the names of the members of the Shari'a Supervisory Board and their qualifications and experience and, whether or not the Fund Manager's Shari'a Supervisory Board is appointed to the Fund pursuant to IFR 6.2.1(b);

(c)

if the Fund does not have a Shari'a Supervisory Board appointed to it pursuant to IFR 6.2.1(c), what widely acceptable screening methodologies are used by the Fund to ensure Shari'a compliance with respect to investments made for the Fund, and the board that has approved them;

(d)

if applicable, the manner and frequency of Shari'a reviews;

(e)

how earnings prohibited by Shari'a will be disposed of; and

(f)

whether Zakat is the responsibility of the Fund or the responsibility of the Unitholders.

Guidance

(i)

A Fund Manager should consider providing additional information to support the statement under IFR 6.5.1(a) as indicated in 2 and 3 below.

(ii)

The Fund Manager should provide sufficient details setting out the basis upon which the Fund has been approved and certified as Shari'a compliant by its Shari'a Supervisory Board. Such details should include the basis of the underlying principles, i.e. the Fatwa or rulings, including reference to any relevant Ijtihad, Ijma, Qiyas or other. Where applicable, reference should be made to any Islamic indices to be used. In addition, where applicable, the screening process and any filters used should be identified.

(iii)

The Fund Manager should set out each of the key features of the Fund and explain the rationale for determining why each of these features are considered Shari'a compliant by the Fund's Shari'a Supervisory Board.

Confidential

42

IFR VER08.020125

6.6

Investments in other Funds

6.6.1

(a)

An Islamic Fund which is a Public Fund may invest in Units of another Fund, except where otherwise provided in the Fund Rules, only where the Fund Manager has taken reasonable care to determine, before investing in that other Fund, it:

(i)

is the subject of an independent annual audit conducted in accordance with IFRS or US GAAP;

(ii)

has mechanisms in place to enable Unitholders to redeem their Units within a reasonable time if it is an open-ended Fund;

(iii)

is prohibited from having more than 20% of its gross asset value in the Units of other Funds; and

(iv)

has a proper and disclosed basis for asset valuation and the pricing of Units in that Fund.

6.7

Periodic Reports of an Islamic Fund

Guidance

Chapter 16 of the Fund Rules sets out the periodic reports and related requirements. These are additional requirements that apply to Islamic Funds.

6.7.1

In addition to the matters specified in Chapter 16.5 of the Fund Rules, an annual report of an Islamic Fund, other than a Fund which is an Umbrella Fund, must contain the report specified in IFR 6.3.2(b).

6.8

Islamic Real Estate Investment Trusts (Islamic REITs)

6.8.1

(a)

A Fund Manager, or any other Authorised Person making an Offer of a Unit of an