 the following formula:

PSIACOM = PSIACOMcredit + PSIACOMmarket x 35%.

(b)

PSIACOM is the Displaced Commercial Risk Capital Requirement;

(c)

PSIACOMcredit is the Credit Risk capital requirement for assets funded by Unrestricted PSIA holders and is calculated in accordance with PRU Section 4.8; and

(d)

PSIACOMmarket is the Market Risk capital requirement for assets funded by Unrestricted PSIA holders and is calculated in accordance with PRU Chapter 5.

Credit risk and counterparty risk for Islamic contracts

5.4.6

(a)

An Authorised Person Managing a PSIA, which is an Unrestricted PSIA, must calculate its PSIACOMcredit in relation to all Islamic Contracts financed by Unrestricted PSIAs in the manner prescribed in this IFR 5.

(b)

An Authorised Person must, when undertaking the calculation in IFR 5.4.6(a), apply an appropriate risk weighting for the relevant Islamic Contract.

5.4.7

(a)

In this IFR 5:

(i)

"E" represents the Exposure determined by an Authorised Person as applicable to an Islamic Contract; and

(ii)

"CRW" represents the risk weighting or capital charge assessed by an Authorised Person as appropriate to that Islamic Contract.

(b)

Where an Islamic Contract is in the Non-Trading Book, an Authorised Person must determine the PSIACOMcredit for that contract by applying the following formula:

PSIACOMcredit = E x CRW x 10%.

(c)

Where an Islamic Contract is in the Trading Book, an Authorised Person must determine the PSIACOMcredit for that contract in accordance with the methodology in PRU Rules A4.7 and A4.8 as appropriate.

(d)

An Authorised Person must calculate its PSIACOMcredit of all contracts by:

(i)

identifying all Islamic Contracts to which this section applies;

(ii)

valuing the underlying investment or asset of each Islamic Contract and reducing the value of any such investment or asset in the manner stipulated in Rule 4.9 of PRU, the result of which constitutes "E" for that Islamic Contract;

Confidential

26

IFR VER08.020125

(iii)

determining the risk weighting or capital charge appropriate to each contract, which will constitute the CRW for that contract in accordance with PRU Rules 4.10, 4.11 and 4.12;

(iv)

applying the respective formula in IFR 5.4.7(b) or (c) to determine of PSIACOMcredit in respect of each contract; and

(v)

summing the PSIACOMcredit of each contract to determine the PSIACOMcredit applicable to the Authorised Person.

Guidance

(i)

The Regulator considers that this Guidance will assist an Authorised Person in applying the appropriate risk weighting or capital charge to each Islamic Contract for the purpose of IFR 5.4.7. Accordingly, the Regulator expects an Authorised Person managing PSIAs, which are Unrestricted PSIAs to pay due regard to this Guidance.

(ii)

The rules in this IFR 5 and this Guidance are also relevant to an Authorised Person which invests in or holds Islamic Contracts, when calculating CRCOM for Islamic Contracts under PRU Rule 4.

(iii)

Table 2 contains Guidance on how an Authorised Person (whether acting as an Islamic Financial Institution or through an Islamic Window) Managing a PSIA, which is an Unrestricted PSIA should apply risk weightings for Islamic Contracts in respect of calculating relevant E and CRW for its PSIACOMcredit component of the PSIACOM.

Table 2

1. Islamic Contract type

2. Underlying investment or asset

3. CRW

Binding Murabaha for the Purchase Orderer (MPO)

Asset with an Authorised Person before purchase by the Counterparty

Apply the appropriate percentage from the second column in the table in PRU Rule A4.6.5

Accounts receivable for the contract, i.e. amounts due from the Counterparty less any provision for doubtful debts

CRW in accordance with PRU Chapter 4

Murabaha and Non-binding Murabaha for the Purchase Orderer (MPO)

Accounts receivable for the contract, i.e. amounts due from the Counterparty less any provision for