u’ commitment into a common fund that will be used mutually to assist the members against a specified type of loss or damage. The underwriting in Takaful is thus undertaken on a mutual basis, similar in some respects to conventional mutual insurance. A typical Takaful Provider consists of a two-tier structure that is a hybrid of a mutual and a commercial form of company

Confidential

6

IFR VER08.020125

although in principle it could be a pure mutual structure. The Takaful Operator’s role is generally confined to managing the Takaful activities and investing the fund assets in accordance with Shari'a.

(xiv)

Any Authorised Persons conducting Takaful activities shall, for the purposes of the Rulebooks, be deemed to be conducting insurance business. There are two types of Regulated Activities that comprise insurance business: Effecting Contracts of Insurance as principal or Carrying Out Contracts of Insurance as Principal. Accordingly, any Authorised Person carrying on these Regulated Activities is subject to the ADGM regime for regulating Regulated Activities. Where an Authorised Person carries out the activities described under Effecting Contracts of Insurance or Carrying Out Contracts of Insurance as Principal in connection with Takaful such Authorised Person will be subject to the ADGM regime for regulating Regulated Activities and, in addition, will be subject to the Takaful-specific requirements set out in this Rulebook (see IFR 8). In addition, there are certain activities relating to insurance, such as advising and arranging, which are regulated as Insurance Intermediation as defined in Chapter 4 of Schedule 1 to FSMR. Authorised Persons conducting those activities in relation to Takaful are regulated in the same way as Authorised Persons conducting such activities in relation to conventional insurance.

(xv)

Family Takaful

(A)

Family Takaful deals with the provision of financial relief to the participants and/or their family in the event of misfortunes that relate to the death or disability of the participants. This category of Takaful normally requires the Takaful Operator to engage in a longer-term relationship over a defined number of years with the Takaful participants, throughout which the participant is required to make regular instalment payments in consideration for his or her participation in the Takaful scheme.

(B)

In Family Takaful, the paid Takaful contribution of a participant will usually be segregated into two accounts which feed two different funds. The first is the Participants' Investment Fund (PIF), and the aggregate PIFs constitute an investment fund for the purposes of capital formation. The second is the Participants' Risk Fund (PRF), which is a risk fund; that is, an element of the business that is inherent in the underwriting activities, and the contributions to which are made on the basis of Tabarru' commitment.

(C)

The segregation of the amounts credited to the PIF and the PRF, respectively, is commonly made based on certain percentages of the Takaful contributions paid, and this is normally part of the Family Takaful product pricing and design. The Takaful Operator will indicate in the Family Takaful contract the distinction between the two accounts and their relative proportions within the overall contribution, which cannot be unilaterally altered throughout the term of the Takaful contract.

Confidential

7

IFR VER08.020125

(D)

Nevertheless, there are some Family Takaful products, such as group Takaful or term Takaful, that do not necessarily involve a long-term relationship between the Takaful undertakings and the Takaful participants. These products offer a shorter period of coverage and, as such, they have no investment element in favour of the participants. Normally, these types of products would work on a similar mechanism to General Takaful, whereby all Takaful contributions are considered as Tabarru' and credited directly into the PRF.

(xvi) General Takaful

(A)

General Takaful schemes are basically contracts of joint guarantee on a short-term basis (normally one year), providing mutual compensation in the event of a specified type of loss. The schemes are designed to meet the needs for protection of individuals and corporate bodies in relation to material loss or damage resulting from a catastrophe or disaster inflicted upon real estate, assets or belongings of participants. The Takaful contribution paid is pooled into the PRF under the principle of Tabarru' to