 Where investments are made using Musharaka or Mudaraba contracts with commodities as the underlying assets, an Authorised Person must calculate its Commodities Risk Capital Requirement in accordance with PRU Rule 5.7.1.

5.4.11 An Authorised Person which is exposed to the risk of foreign currencies and gold under any Islamic Contract, must calculate its Foreign Exchange Risk Capital Requirement in accordance with PRU Rule 5.6.2.

5.4.12 An Authorised Person which is exposed to commodities including precious metals but excluding gold under any Islamic Contract, must calculate its Commodities Risk Capital Requirement in accordance with PRU Rule 5.7.

5.4.13 (a)

Commodities held by an Authorised Person for selling or leasing when executing a Murabaha, non-binding MPO, Salam or parallel Salam contract must be included in the calculation of its Commodities Risk Capital Requirement.

(b)

Where an Authorised Person executes Salam and parallel Salam contracts, the resultant long and short positions may be set off for calculating the net open position, provided that the positions are in the same commodity, regardless of how its Commodities Risk Capital Requirement is calculated.

5.4.14 Where an Authorised Person executes Musharaka or Mudaraba contracts for investing in entities or investment vehicles that trade in foreign exchange, equities or commodities, it must include the relevant underlying assets in the calculation of its Market Risk Capital Requirement in accordance with PRU Chapter 5.

Concentration risk

Guidance

(i)

This IFR 5 sets specific Large Exposure limits for assets financed by PSIAs, which are Unrestricted PSIAs. The Regulator uses these limits to provide constraints on the amount of Concentration Risk to which an Authorised Person is subject in respect of its PSIA holdings. In assessing PSIA Large Exposures, an Authorised Person may take advantage of the exemptions and partial exemptions set out in Rule A4.11 of PRU.

(ii)

An Authorised Person has a Large Exposure where its PSIA holders' credit Exposure to a single Counterparty or issuer, or group of Closely Related or Connected Counterparties, is large in relation to the Authorised Person's Capital Resources. Where Exposure to a Counterparty or issuer is large, PSIA holders risk a large loss should the Counterparty default.

(iii)

Exposures arising from assets that are financed by an Authorised Person's own funds are dealt with in PRU Rule 4.15.

Exposure limits

5.4.15 An Authorised Person Managing a PSIA, which is an Unrestricted PSIA, must not have an Exposure to a Counterparty, Connected Counterparty, group of Closely Related

Confidential

33

IFR VER08.020125

Counterparties or to a group of Connected Counterparties that exceeds any one of the following percentages of its Capital Resources:

(a)

25% if financed by its Capital Resources or Unrestricted PSIAs; or

(b)

40% if financed by an aggregate of its own Capital Resources and Unrestricted PSIAs.

Guidance

In accordance with PRU Rule 4.15.5, the aggregate of an Authorised Person's Exposure to a Counterparty or to a group of Closely Related Counterparties may not exceed 25% of the Authorised Person's Capital Resources.

5.4.16 The sum of an Authorised Person's non-exempt Large Exposures must not exceed 800% of its Capital Resources for Exposures funded by the Authorised Person's Capital Resources and Unrestricted PSIAs.

5.4.17 An Authorised Person must:

(a)

monitor and control its Exposures funded by PSIAs, which are Unrestricted PSIAs, on a daily basis to ensure they remain within the concentration risk limits specified in IFR 5.4.15; and

(b)

if a breach occurs, notify the Regulator immediately and confirm it in writing.

6.

ISLAMIC COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT FUNDS

Guidance

This chapter contains additional requirements that apply to a Collective Investment Fund operated or held out as being operated as an Islamic Fund. A Collective Investment Fund is defined in Part 11 of FSMR. The definition in Part 11 of FSMR is very wide and can capture some Islamic Financial Business. However, under Part 1 of