 contributions are considered as Tabarru' and credited directly into the PRF.

(xvi) General Takaful

(A)

General Takaful schemes are basically contracts of joint guarantee on a short-term basis (normally one year), providing mutual compensation in the event of a specified type of loss. The schemes are designed to meet the needs for protection of individuals and corporate bodies in relation to material loss or damage resulting from a catastrophe or disaster inflicted upon real estate, assets or belongings of participants. The Takaful contribution paid is pooled into the PRF under the principle of Tabarru' to match the risk elements of the business that are inherent in its underwriting activities.

(B)

Although investment activities in the General Takaful pool or fund are secondary to the underwriting activities, they may be important for the solvency of the fund, especially in the case of longer-tailed risks.

Recognised Bodies

2.4.2 Unless otherwise stated in these Islamic Finance Rules, a Recognised Body will be entitled to carry on all, or any part, of its business as Islamic Financial Business provided that:

(a)

it has complied with all other applicable provisions of the Rulebooks in relation to the part of its business to be carried on as Islamic Financial Business; and

(b)

the carrying on of such part of its business as an Islamic Financial Business has been approved by its Shari'a Supervisory Board.

Guidance

(i)

Whether or not all, or any part, of a Recognised Body’s business is to be carried on as Islamic Financial Business, that business must be carried out in compliance with all other relevant parts of the Rulebooks.

(ii)

These Islamic Finance Rules set out the specific instances where additional Rules are required in order to ensure that certain aspects of a Recognised Body’s business activities qualify as Islamic Financial Business and to ensure that such business remains Shari'a-compliant.

(iii)

For any part of a Recognised Body’s business carried on as Islamic Financial Business that is not specifically referred to in these Islamic Finance Rules, the requirement under IFR 2.4.2(b) will be sufficient to qualify that business as

Confidential

8

IFR VER08.020125

Islamic Financial Business without the need for additional steps to be taken unless the Regulator believes that any such additional steps may be necessary.

(iv)

The Regulator shall have the power to designate any part of a Recognised Body’s business as not being in compliance with Shari'a in the event that the Regulator believes that such activity or specified category of activities involves matters that are contrary to the aims of Shari'a.

(v)

The Regulator will, when considering the treatment of Islamic Financial Business arrangements, take a "substance over form" approach giving particular weight to the economic substance of a particular activity over the legal and/or Shari'a form taken by it.

(vi)

The issue of Financial Instruments that are Securities, such as Shares, Debentures (falling under paragraphs 88 or 90 of Schedule 1 of FSMR), Sukuk or Units attracts product-specific disclosure requirements such as the publication of a Prospectus or an Exempt Disclosure Statement. Where such Securities are included on the Official List of Securities or made via an Offer of Securities within ADGM, there are initial and ongoing disclosure and other obligations that apply to the Issuer/Reporting Entity under the MKT Rulebook. These MKT obligations are distinct from the obligations that apply to Recognised Bodies in respect of such Securities.

2.5

Shari’a-compliant Regulated Activity

2.5.1 For the purposes of paragraph 64 of Schedule 1 to FSMR, carrying on a Regulated Activity in manner that complies with Shari'a is a specified kind of activity. Such Shari'a- compliant Regulated Activities shall include without limitation:

(a)

Dealing in Investments as Principal where the Investments are Shari'a-compliant investments;

(b)

Dealing in Investments as Agent where the Investments are Shari'a-compliant investments;

(c)

Arranging Deals in Investments where the investments are Shari'a-compliant investments;

(d)

Advising on Investments or Credit where the investments are Shari'a-compliant investments or the Credit is to be provided in a Shari'a-compliant manner;

(e)

activities relating to insurance in the form of Takaful and/or Retakaful;

(f)

subject to IFR 2