 Financial Business provided that:

(a)

it has complied with all other applicable provisions of the Rulebooks in relation to the Regulated Activity or specified category of Regulated Activity to be carried on as Islamic Financial Business; and

(b)

the carrying on of such Regulated Activity or specified category of Regulated Activity as an Islamic Financial Business has been approved by its Shari'a Supervisory Board.

Guidance

(i)

Whether or not a Regulated Activity or specified category of Regulated Activity is to be carried on as Islamic Financial Business that Regulated Activity or specified category of Regulated Activity must be carried out in compliance with (or in reliance on an exemption from) all other relevant parts of the Rulebooks.

(ii)

These Islamic Finance Rules set out the specific instances where additional rules are required in order to ensure that certain Regulated Activities or certain specified categories of Regulated Activity qualify as Islamic Financial Business and to ensure that such Regulated Activities or specified categories of Regulated Activity remain Shari'a-compliant.

(iii)

For Regulated Activities or specified categories of Regulated Activity carried on as Islamic Financial Business that are not specifically referred to in these Islamic Finance Rules, the requirement under IFR 2.4.1(b) will be sufficient to qualify that Regulated Activity or specified category of Regulated Activity as Islamic Financial Business without the need for additional steps to be taken unless the Regulator believes that any such additional steps may be necessary.

(iv)

The Regulator shall have the power to designate a Regulated Activity or specified category of Regulated Activity as not being in compliance with Shari'a in the event that the Regulator believes that such Regulated Activity or specified category of Regulated Activity involves matters that are contrary to the aims of Shari'a.

(v)

The ADGM regulatory regime applies to any Authorised Person carrying on any Islamic Financial Business in ADGM if the activity:

(A)

relates to a financial instrument or product of the kind described in Guidance Notes (viii) and (ix) (Profit Sharing Investment Accounts), (x) and (xi) (Investments), and (xii) to (xv) (Takaful) below; and/or

Confidential

4

IFR VER08.020125

(B)

is conducted by way of business and not expressly excluded from regulation as a Regulated Activity. Note there are a number of such exclusions in FSMR.

(vi)

The Regulator will, when considering the treatment of Islamic Financial Business arrangements, take a "substance over form" approach giving particular weight to the economic substance of a particular activity over the legal and/or Shari'a form taken by it.

(vii)

The issue of financial products which are securities such as shares, bonds (falling under paragraphs 88 or 90 of Schedule 1 to FSMR), Sukuk or units in a Collective Investment Fund (in each case as defined in FSMR) attracts product-specific disclosure requirements such as the publication of a Prospectus or an Exempt Disclosure Statement. Where such securities are included on an Official List of securities or made available to the public in ADGM, there are initial and ongoing disclosure and other obligations that apply to the Reporting Entity (generally the issuer) under the MKT Rulebook. These MKT obligations are distinct from the obligations that apply to Persons carrying on Regulated Activities in respect of such Securities.

Profit Sharing Investment Accounts (PSIAs)

(viii)

PSIAs do not fall within the definitions of Dealing in Investments, Arranging Deals in Investments or Advising on Investments or Credit in Schedule 1 to FSMR or the definition of Investments in the Glossary (“GLO”). They are contractual arrangements under which Islamic banks invest clients' funds, often (though not always) on a pooled basis, and are generally treated by the bank as off balance sheet. They are generally structured under the Shari'a principle of Mudaraba, the guiding principle of which is that the investor bears the full investment risk. Although PSIAs have the characteristics of a Collective Investment Fund, under an express exclusion provided under paragraph 63 of Schedule 1 to FSMR, they are not treated as such. Instead, Managing a PSIA is a distinct Regulated Activity as defined in paragraph 64 of Schedule 1 to FSMR.

(ix)

Because Managing a PSIA is a Regulated Activity, the ADGM regulatory regime that applies to Authorised Persons carrying on Regulated