every Person who carries on, or intends to carry on, either or both of the Financial Services of Operating an Exchange or Operating a Clearing House in or from the DIFC;

(b)

a Key Individual, or a Person intending to be a Key Individual, of a Person referred to in (a); and

(c)

a Controller, or a Person intending to be a Controller, of a Person referred to in (a).

(2)

This module also applies to an Authorised Market Institution where it:

(a)

carries on, or intends to carry on, the Financial Service of Operating an Alternative Trading System to the extent that such activities constitute operating a Multilateral Trading Facility; or

(b)

acts as a Trade Repository.

(3)

This module does not apply to a Recognised Body.

Guidance

This module will also apply to an Authorised Market Institution that is Operating a Facility for Investment Tokens or Crypto Tokens, unless otherwise specified. Operating a Facility for Investment Tokens is defined in GLO in relation to an Authorised Market Institution to mean Operating an Exchange on which Investment Tokens are traded, Operating a Clearing House on which Investment Tokens are cleared, or Operating a Multilateral Trading Facility on which Investment Tokens are traded. Operating a Facility for Crypto Tokens is defined in GLO to mean Operating a Multilateral Trading Facility on which Crypto Tokens are traded or Operating a Clearing House on which Crypto Tokens can be cleared. The latter definition does not include Operating an Exchange as that activity is relevant only to Investments and not Crypto Tokens.

1.2

Overview of the module

Guidance

The regulatory framework

1.

The Regulatory Law 2004 (“the Regulatory Law”) and the Markets Law 2012 (“the Markets Law ”) provide the framework for the licensing and supervision of Authorised Market Institutions and for taking regulatory action against those licensed institutions.

2.

In particular, while Article 41 of the Regulatory Law prohibits a Person from carrying on Financial Services in or from the DIFC, Article 42 of that Law permits Persons duly authorised and Licensed to conduct Financial Services in providing their services.

1

AMI/VER27/06-24

1.3

1.3.1

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

3.

The Markets Law establishes a framework in relation to how an Official List of Securities is maintained and administered by the Listing Authority. Either the DFSA, or an Authorised Market Institution where it has been granted an endorsement on its Licence to do so, may maintain an Official List of Securities.

4.

The GEN module prescribes the Financial Services which may be carried on by an Authorised Firm or Authorised Market Institution and the detailed requirements that must be met by such firms. In addition, the GEN module also sets out the circumstances under which an Authorised Market Institution may be authorised to carry out certain functions by way of an endorsement on its Licence.

5.

The RPP Sourcebook contains, amongst other things, the detailed policies and procedures relating to how the DFSA exercises its licensing and supervisory functions relating to Authorised Market Institutions.

The AMI module

6.

The AMI Module is comprised of four Parts containing 12 chapters and three Appendices.

7.

Part 1 contains chapter 1, which sets out the application provisions and the overview of the AMI module.

8.

Part 2 contains chapters 2 and 3. Chapter 2 sets out the requirements relating to application for a Licence to Operate an Exchange or Clearing House (or both) and an endorsement to operate a Multilateral Trading Facility or to maintain an Official List of Securities. Chapter 3 sets out the assessment of application related requirements, including application to obtain Key Individual status of an Authorised Market Institution.

9.

Part 3 contains chapters 4, 5, 5A, 5B, 6 and 7. These chapters set out the substantive requirements (called the “Licensing Requirements”) that must be met by a Person at the point of grant of a Licence to be an Authorised Market Institution and thereafter on an on-going basis. Chapter 4 contains the provisions which prescribe what the Licensing Requirements are, and the procedures an Authorised Market Institution must follow in order to make any material changes to the arrangements it has in place to meet the Licensing Requirements. Chapter 5 contains the Licensing Requirements that are common to both Exchanges and Clearing Houses. Chapter 5A