 the individual has the relevant skills and experience to carry out the functions.

(2)

An Authorised Market Institution may not appoint under (1) an individual to carry out the Licensed Functions of a member of the Governing Body.

(3)

The Authorised Market Institution must take reasonable steps to ensure that the individual complies with all the Rules applicable to Key Individuals.

(4)

If an individual is appointed under this Rule, the Authorised Market Institution must notify the DFSA in writing of the name and contact details of the individual appointed.

(5)

An Authorised Market Institution must take reasonable steps to ensure that, after any period of temporary cover permitted under this Rule, an individual who is a Key Individual is appointed to perform the relevant function.

5.3.13 Where an individual is appointed under Rule 5.3.12, the DFSA may exercise any powers it would otherwise be entitled to exercise as if the individual held Key Individual status.

18

AMI/VER28/03-25

5.4

5.4.1

5.4.2

5.4.3

5.4.4

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

Conflicts of interests

Without limiting the generality of the obligations under section 5.2 of GEN, an Authorised Market Institution must take all reasonable steps to ensure that any conflicts of interest, including those:

(a)

between itself and its shareholders, Members or other users of its facilities; and

(b)

between its Members and other users of its facilities, and, among themselves,

are promptly identified and then prevented or managed, or disclosed, in a manner that does not adversely affect the sound functioning and operation of the Authorised Market Institution.

Without limiting the generality of the requirement in Rule 5.4.1, an Authorised Market Institution must establish and maintain adequate policies and procedures to ensure that its Employees do not undertake personal account transactions in Investments or Crypto Tokens in a manner that creates or has the potential to create conflicts of interest.

An Authorised Market Institution must establish a code of conduct that sets out the expected standards of behaviour for its Employees, including clear procedures for addressing conflicts of interest. Such a code must be:

(a)

binding on Employees; and

(b)

to the extent appropriate and practicable, made publicly available.

An Authorised Market Institution that Operates a Multilateral Trading Facility must not execute any orders made on the facility against its own proprietary capital.

Guidance

1.

In assessing whether an Authorised Market Institution’s policies and procedures are adequate to address conflicts of interests, the DFSA will consider whether those include:

a.

policies on the use of confidential information received in carrying out its Regulatory Functions to ensure it is only used for proper purposes;

b.

arrangements for transferring decisions or responsibilities to alternates in individual cases;

c.

arrangements made to ensure that individuals who may have a permanent conflict of interest in certain circumstances are excluded from the process of taking decisions (or receiving information) about matters to which the conflict is relevant; and

d.

requirements and procedures included in contracts of employment, staff rules, letters of appointment for members of the Governing Body and other Key Individuals and other guidance given to individuals on handling conflicts of interest relating to:

19

AMI/VER28/03-25

5.4.4

5.4.5

5.5

5.5.1

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

i.

the need for prompt disclosure of a conflict of interest to enable others who are not affected by the conflict to assist in deciding how it may need to be addressed;

ii.

the circumstances in which a general disclosure of a conflict of interest in advance may be sufficient;

iii.

the circumstances in which a general advance disclosure may not be adequate;

iv.

the circumstances in which it would be appropriate for a conflicted individual to withdraw from any involvement in the matter concerned, without disclosing the interests; and

v.

the circumstances in which safeguards in addition to disclosure would be required, such as the withdrawal of the individual from the decision- making process or from access to relevant information.

2.

See also the best practice standards relating to corporate governance and remuneration standards set out under in GEN Rules 5.3.30 and 5.3.31 and GEN App 3, which cover conflicts of interest issues that need to