 not practicable or feasible, reasons for non-DVP settlement is notified to the DFSA; and

(e)

where interoperable securities settlement systems and CSDs use a common settlement infrastructure, there are:

(i)

identical moments established for the entry of transfer orders into the system;

(ii)

irrevocable transfer orders; and

(iii)

finality of transfers of securities and cash.

Guidance

A CSD should include in its notification to the DFSA relating to the establishment of CSD links the results of due diligence undertaken in respect of the matters specified in Rule 7.4.2(2) to demonstrate that those requirements are met. Where a CSD changes any existing CSD arrangements, fresh notification relating to such changes, along with its due diligence relating to the new CSD link, should be provided to the DFSA in advance of the proposed change.

87

AMI/VER28/03-25

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

PART 4 OTHER REQUIREMENTS

8

CONTROLLERS

8.1

Application

8.1.1

This chapter applies to:

(a)

an Authorised Market Institution; or

(b)

a Person who is a Controller as defined in Rule 8.1.2.

Definition of a Controller

8.1.2

(1)

A Controller is a Person who, either alone or with any Associate:

(a)

holds 10% or more of the shares in either the Authorised Market Institution or a Holding Company of that institution;

(b)

is entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, 10% or more of the voting rights in either the Authorised Market Institution or a Holding Company of that institution; or

(c)

is able to exercise significant influence over the management of the Authorised Market Institution as a result of holding shares or being able to exercise voting rights in the Authorised Market Institution or a Holding Company of that institution or having a current exercisable right to acquire such shares or voting rights.

(2)

A reference in this chapter to:

(a)

a share means:

(i)

in the case of an Authorised Market Institution or a Holding Company of an Authorised Market Institution which has a share capital, its allotted shares;

(ii)

in the case of an Authorised Market Institution or a Holding Company of an Authorised Market Institution with capital but no share capital, rights to a share in its capital; and

(iii)

in the case of an Authorised Market Institution or a Holding Company of an Authorised Market Institution without capital, any interest conferring a right to share in its profits or losses or any obligation to contribute to a share of its debt or expenses in the event of its winding up.

(b)

“a holding” means, in respect of a Person, shares, voting rights or a right to acquire shares or voting rights in an Authorised Market Institution or a Holding Company of that institution held by that Person either alone or with any Associate.

88

AMI/VER28/03-25

8.1.3

8.2

8.2.1

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

Guidance

1.

For the purposes of these Rules, the relevant definition of a Holding Company is found in the DIFC Companies Law. That definition provides when one body corporate is considered to be a holding company or a subsidiary of another body corporate and extends that concept to the ultimate holding company of the body corporate.

2.

Pursuant to Rule 8.1.2(1)(c), a Person becomes a Controller if that Person can exert significant management influence over an Authorised Market Institution. The ability to exert significant management influence can arise even where a Person, alone or with Associates, controls less than 10% of the shares or voting rights of the Authorised Market Institution or a Holding Company of that institution. Similarly, a Person may be able to exert significant management influence where such Person does not hold shares or voting rights but has exercisable rights to acquire shares or voting rights, such as under Options.

Disregarded holdings

For the purposes of determining whether a Person is a Controller, shares, voting rights or rights to acquire shares or voting rights that a Person holds, either alone or with an Associate, in an Authorised Market Institution or a Holding Company of that institution are disregarded if:

(a)

the shares are held for the