 to its Official List of Securities; and

(h)

such other matters as are necessary or desirable for the proper operation of the listing rules and process.

(2)

Without prejudice to the requirements in (1), the listing rules of the Exchange must also include, where appropriate to the type the Securities being admitted to its Official List of Securities, requirements in respect of:

(a)

an issuer’s financial reporting and, in particular how regular reports are made and the international accounting standards to which they comply;

(b)

auditing standards;

(c)

an issuer’s track record in terms of profit or operating history;

(d)

the percentage of Securities in a class of Securities which can be considered as in free float;

(e)

any restrictions that may exist on transferability; and

(f)

any other matter deemed necessary by the DFSA.

An Exchange must have adequate systems and controls to comply with the requirements that are applicable to it in respect of an Official List of Securities maintained by itself or by the DFSA for the purposes of trading of Securities using its facilities.

70

AMI/VER28/03-25

6.11.6

6.11.7

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

Compliance with listing rules

(1) An Exchange which has an endorsement on its Licence authorising it to maintain an Official List of Securities must ensure the function is properly and independently operated.

(2) An Exchange must have procedures in place to ensure that:

(a)

its listing rules are monitored and enforced; and

(b)

complaints regarding Persons subject to the listing rules are investigated.

An Exchange must ensure that:

(a)

where appropriate, disciplinary action can be carried out and financial and other types of penalties can be imposed on Persons subject to the listing rules; and

(b)

adequate appeal procedures are in place.

Guidance

In determining whether an Exchange can effectively monitor its listing rules, the DFSA will consider amongst other things:

a.

the oversight of the Official List of Securities;

b.

the range of powers the Exchange retains over Persons with Securities admitted to its Official List of Securities which should include the ability to suspend, restore from suspension and de-list Securities from the Official List of Securities in accordance with this module; and

c.

the disciplinary procedures which have been established to take disciplinary action, including a fair and clear policy on any financial penalties which may be imposed, and the appeal processes.

Admission to an Official List of Securities

Guidance

1.

The DFSA has powers under Article 34 of the Markets Law in relation to the admission of Securities to an Official List of Securities maintained by an Authorised Market Institution. Under that Article the DFSA may:

a.

object to an admission of Securities to an Official List of Securities; or

b.

impose conditions or restrictions on an admission of Securities to an Official List of Securities .

2.

Where the DFSA objects to an application for an admission of Securities to an Official List of Securities, the Exchange is prohibited from admitting Securities to its Official List of Securities by virtue of Article 34 of the Markets Law.

3.

Pursuant to Article 34(7) of the Markets Law, the FMT may hear and determine any reference in relation to a decision by the DFSA to object or impose conditions or restrictions upon an admittance of Securities to an Official List of Securities.

71

AMI/VER28/03-25

6.11.8

6.11.9

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

4.

The DFSA expects to exercise these powers rarely. An Exchange is responsible for assessing applications to its Official List of Securities. This section sets out the process for dealing with applications for admission.

Application for admission of Securities to an Official List of Securities

(1)

Applications for the admission of Securities to an Official List of Securities must be made by the issuer of the Securities, or by a third party on behalf of and with the consent of the issuer of the Securities.

(2)

An Exchange must, before granting admission of any Securities to an Official List of Securities maintained by it:

(a)

be satisfied that the applicable requirements, including those in its listing rules, have been or will be fully complied with in respect of those Securities; and

(b)

comply with the requirements relating to notification to the DFSA in Rule 6.11.9(1).

(3)

An Exchange must notify an