 relevant Investment and the price, quantity and date of the transaction, including the order audit trail (i.e. orders entered into the system and subsequently amended or cancelled);

b.

the order type, time of instruction and expiry date;

c.

the identities and, where appropriate, the roles of the counterparties to the transaction;

d.

the facilities on which the transaction was effected and is to be cleared and settled; and

e.

the date and manner of settlement of the transaction.

3.

In general, for an Authorised Market Institution Licensed to Operate a Clearing House, the type of information which should be recorded will include:

a.

the name of the relevant Investment or Crypto Token and the price, quantity and date of the transaction;

b.

the identities and, where appropriate, the roles of the counterparties to the transaction;

c.

the facilities on which the transaction was effected and is to be cleared;

d.

where applicable, the time novation takes place; and

e.

the date and manner of settlement of the transaction.

4.

In addition to the DFSA requirements in this module and in GEN, the requirements in the Data Protection Law, DIFC Law No. 5 of 2020, apply to an Authorised Market Institution. Therefore, in complying with the DFSA requirements relating to record keeping, an Authorised Market Institution should consider its obligations under this law.

Safeguarding and administration of assets

An Authorised Market Institution must ensure that, where its obligations include making provision for the safeguarding and administration of assets belonging to Members and other participants on its facilities:

(a)

satisfactory arrangements (“safe custody arrangements”) are made for that purpose in accordance with Rules 5.10.2 and 5.10.3; and

(b)

are provided on clear terms of agreement between the Members and other participants on the facility and the Authorised Market Institution.

Guidance

1.

In determining whether an Authorised Market Institution has satisfactory arrangements for safeguarding and administering assets, the DFSA will consider:

a.

the terms of the agreement under which safe custody arrangements are made and whether they adequately provide for the matters specified in Rule 5.10.2;

39

AMI/VER28/03-25

5.10.2

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

b.

the level of protection provided to Members and other participants on its facilities against the risk of theft, fraud, defalcation or other types of loss through such arrangements; and

c.

the degree of monitoring the Authorised Market Institution would be undertaking relating to custodians, and if relevant, sub-custodians.

2.

At the point of granting a Licence to an Authorised Market Institution, the DFSA assesses the adequacy of an applicant’s safe custody arrangements. Any subsequent changes to the safe custody arrangements that have been in place at the time of granting the Licence, where they are material changes, would require the DFSA’s prior approval in accordance with the requirements in Rule 4.3.2.

3.

In addition to meeting the requirements in Rule 5.10.1, safe custody arrangements for Investment Tokens or Crypto Tokens must also meet the requirements in section 5A.4 or 5B.5.

An Authorised Market arrangements, at a minimum, provide for:

Institution must ensure

that

the safe custody

(a)

the segregation of assets belonging to every Member and other participant on its facilities from the assets belonging to the Authorised Market Institution and the other Members and participants on its facilities;

(b)

the prompt access by the Authorised Market Institution to the assets held under the safe custody arrangements;

(c)

the use or transfer of asset belonging to the Members and other participants on its facilities to be made only in accordance with the instructions of the relevant owners of those assets or in accordance with the terms of the agreement referred to in Rule 5.10.1(b) and any applicable legislation;

(d)

the reconciliation at appropriate intervals and frequency between the assets and accounts held under the safe custody arrangements; and

(e)

accurate records relating to the assets held under the safe custody arrangements to be kept, including:

(i)

the identity of the legal and beneficial owners of the relevant assets, and where appropriate, any Persons who have charges over, or other interests in, those assets;

(ii)

records of any additions, reductions and transfers in each