 Authorised Market Institution must give the DFSA a notice as provided in (2).

(2) Where any significant change is made to:

(a)

an agreement which relates to the constitution of an Authorised Market Institution, the Authorised Market Institution must give the DFSA notice of that change as soon as it becomes aware of it, and the date on which it is to become or became effective; or

(b)

the corporate governance the remuneration structure or strategy of an Authorised Market Institution, the Authorised Market Institution must give the DFSA notice of that change as soon as practicable before making such a change.

framework or

Guidance

1.

Key aspects of the corporate governance framework of an Authorised Market Institution encompass a range of matters. These include the composition of its Governing Body, any committees of the Governing Body, the senior management and the Persons Undertaking Key Control Functions, the reporting lines between the Governing Body, senior management and the Persons Undertaking Key Control Functions and any key policies and practices relating to the internal governance of the firm, such as codes of ethics or its remuneration practices. Significant changes relating to such arrangements and policies need to be notified to the DFSA pursuant to Rule 9.5.3(2)(b) before making any changes.

3.

Notification relating to proposed changes to corporate governance and remuneration referred to in Rule 9.5.3(2)(b) must be given sufficiently in advance of effecting the proposed change. If there are any concerns that an Authorised Market Institution may not be able to meet the applicable requirements relating to corporate governance and remuneration set out in GEN Rules 5.3.30 and 5.3.31 as a result of a proposed change, the DFSA may require the Authorised Market Institution to address those concerns effectively before implementing such a change.

97

AMI/VER28/03-25

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

9.6

Financial and other information

9.6.1

An Authorised Market Institution must give the DFSA:

(a)

a copy of its annual report and accounts; and

(b)

a copy of any consolidated annual report and accounts of any group of which the Authorised Market Institution is a member;

no later than when the first of the following events occurs:

(c)

three months after the end of the financial year to which the document relates;

(d)

the time when the documents are sent to Persons granted access to the facilities or shareholders of the Authorised Market Institution; or

(e)

the time when the document is sent to a Holding Company of the Authorised Market Institution.

9.6.2 Where an audit committee of an Authorised Market Institution has received a report in relation to any period or any matter relating to any Regulatory Functions of that Authorised Market Institution, the Authorised Market Institution must immediately give the DFSA a copy of that report.

9.6.3

An Authorised Market Institution must give the DFSA a copy of its quarterly management accounts within one month of the end of the period to which they relate.

9.6.4

An Authorised Market Institution must give the DFSA:

(a)

a statement of its anticipated income, expenditure and cash flow for each financial year; and

(b)

an estimated balance sheet showing its position as it is anticipated at the end of each financial year;

at least 15 days before the beginning of that financial year.

Guidance

An Authorised Market Institution is subject to GEN 8 and the requirements imposed by those Rules.

Fees and charges

9.6.5

An Authorised Market Institution must give the DFSA a summary of:

(a)

any proposal for changes to the fees or charges levied on users of its facilities, or any group or class of them, at the same time as the proposal is communicated to the relevant users; and

(b)

any such change, no later than the date when it is published and notified to relevant parties.

98

AMI/VER28/03-25

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

9.7

Complaints

9.7.1 Where an Authorised Market Institution has investigated a complaint arising in connection with the performance of, or failure to perform, any of its Regulatory Functions, and the conclusion is, that the Authorised Market Institution should:

(a)

make