 adequate;

iv.

the circumstances in which it would be appropriate for a conflicted individual to withdraw from any involvement in the matter concerned, without disclosing the interests; and

v.

the circumstances in which safeguards in addition to disclosure would be required, such as the withdrawal of the individual from the decision- making process or from access to relevant information.

2.

See also the best practice standards relating to corporate governance and remuneration standards set out under in GEN Rules 5.3.30 and 5.3.31 and GEN App 3, which cover conflicts of interest issues that need to be addressed in order to promote sound governance and remuneration practices within an Authorised Market Institution.

Performance of Regulatory Functions

An Authorised Market Institution must take all reasonable steps to ensure that the performance of its Regulatory Functions is not adversely affected by its commercial interests.

For the purposes of the requirement in Rule 5.4.4, an Authorised Market Institution must have adequate systems and controls, including policies and procedures, to ensure that the pursuit of its commercial interests (including its profitability) does not adversely impact on the performance of its Regulatory Functions.

Guidance

An Authorised Market Institution should have systems for identifying, and drawing to the attention of its senior management, situations where its commercial interests conflict, or may potentially conflict, with the proper performance of its Regulatory Functions. This would enable its senior management to take appropriate steps to ensure that such conflicts do not adversely affect the proper performance by the Authorised Market Institution of its Regulatory Functions. In particular, senior management should ensure that adequate human, financial and other resources (both in quantity and quality) are provided for risk management, regulatory, compliance and other similar functions.

Operational efficiency and resilience

Systems and controls

(1) Without limiting the generality of the obligations relating to systems and controls in section 5.3 of GEN, an Authorised Market Institution must ensure that its systems and controls are:

(a)

adequate to ensure that its operations are conducted at all times including in accordance with legislation;

the applicable requirements,

20

AMI/VER28/03-25

5.5.2

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

(b)

sufficiently flexible and robust to ensure continuity and regularity in the performance of its functions relating to the operation of its facilities; and

(c)

appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of its operations.

(2)

For the purposes of (1), the systems and controls of an Authorised Market Institution must be adequate to enable it to meet the Licensing Requirements on an on-going basis. In particular, they must include adequate arrangements in relation to:

(a)

the assessment and management of all risks;

(b)

financial and technology resources;

(c)

the fitness and propriety of its Employees;

(d)

the operation of its functions;

(e)

outsourcing;

(f)

the safeguarding and administration of assets belonging to its Members and other participants on its facilities;

(g)

the transmission of information to Members and other participants on its facilities; and

(h)

the supervision and monitoring of transactions on its facilities.

(3)

An Authorised Market Institution must undertake regular reviews of its systems and controls to ensure that they remain adequate and operate as intended.

Guidance

The systems and controls requirements in Rule 5.5.1 augment the systems and controls requirements in GEN chapter 5.

Risk management

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Market Institution is subject to the risk management requirements in GEN Rules 5.3.5 – 5.3.7. Additional risk management requirements are prescribed for Authorised Market Institutions Operating a Clearing House in sections 7.2 and 7.3.

2.

The individual appointed pursuant to GEN Rule 5.3.7(1) to advise the Governing Body and the senior management of the Authorised Market Institution relating to risks and management of such risks is the Key Individual performing the function of the Risk Officer pursuant to Rule 5.3.7; Key Individuals.

3.

In assessing the adequacy of an Authorised Market Institution’s systems and controls for identifying, assessing and managing risks, the DFSA may also have regard to the extent to which such systems and controls enable the Authorised Market Institution to:

a.

identify all the general, operational, legal and market risks wherever they arise in its activities;

21

AMI/VER28/03-25

5.5