 so as soon as practicable and in any event within 90 days of the receipt of a duly completed application, unless a different period is considered appropriate by the DFSA and notified to the applicant in writing; and

(b)

issue to the applicant, and where appropriate to the Authorised Market Institution, an approval notice as soon as practicable after making that decision.

90

AMI/VER28/03-25

8.2.4

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

(2)

An approval, including a conditional approval granted by the DFSA pursuant to Rule 8.2.2(2)(a) or (b), is valid for a period of one year from the date of the approval, unless an extension is granted by the DFSA in writing.

Guidance

1.

If the application for approval lodged with the DFSA does not contain all the required information, then the 90 day period runs from the date on which all the relevant information is provided to the DFSA.

2.

If a Person who has obtained prior DFSA approval for an acquisition of or an increase in the control in an Authorised Market Institution is unable to effect the acquisition before the end of the period referred to in Rule 8.2.3(2), it will need to obtain fresh approval from the DFSA.

Objection or conditional approval process

(1) Where the DFSA proposes to exercise its objection or conditional approval power pursuant to Rule 8.2.4(2)(b) or (c) in respect of a proposed acquisition or an increase in the level of control in an Authorised Market Institution, it must, as soon as practicable and in any event within 90 days of the receipt of the duly completed application form, provide to the applicant:

(a)

a written notice stating;

(i)

the DFSA’s reasons for objecting to that Person as a Controller or to the Person’s proposed increase in control; and

(ii)

any proposed conditions subject to which that Person may be approved by the DFSA; and

(b)

an opportunity to make representations within 14 days of the receipt of such objections notice or such other longer period as agreed to by the DFSA.

(2)

The DFSA must, as soon as practicable after receiving representations or, if no representations are received, after the expiry of the period for making representations referred to in (1)(b), issue a final notice stating that:

(a)

the proposed objections and any conditions are withdrawn and the Person is an approved Controller;

(b)

the Person is approved as a Controller subject to conditions specified in the notice; or

(c)

the Person is not approved and therefore is an unacceptable Controller with respect to that Person becoming a Controller of, or increasing the level of control in, the Authorised Firm.

(3)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under this Rule not to approve a Person as a Controller or to impose conditions on an approval, the Person may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

91

AMI/VER28/03-25

8.2.5

8.2.6

8.2.7

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

(1)

A Person who has been approved by the DFSA as a Controller of an Authorised Market Institution subject to any conditions must comply with the relevant conditions of approval.

(2)

A Person who has been notified by the DFSA pursuant to Rule 8.2.4(2)(c) as an unacceptable Controller must not proceed with the proposed acquisition of control of the Authorised Market Institution.

Guidance

A Person who acquires control of or increases the level of control in an Authorised Market Institution without the prior DFSA approval or breaches a condition of approval is in breach of the Rules. See Rule 8.2.10 for the actions that the DFSA may take in such circumstances.

Notification for decrease in the level of control of an AMI incorporated under DIFC law

A Controller of an Authorised Market Institution which is incorporated under DIFC law must submit, using the appropriate form in AFN, a written notification to the DFSA where that Person:

(a)

proposes to cease being a Controller; or

(b)

proposes to decrease the existing holding from more than 50% to 50% or less.

Notification for changes in control relating