 consultation is likely to be detrimental to the interests of the DIFC markets; or

(b)

either the proposed amendment:

(i)

is purely administrative or immaterial; or

29

AMI/VER28/03-25

5.6.7

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

(ii)

the Authorised Market Institution can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the DFSA that it had taken into account the views and interests of its Members and other stakeholders as appropriate in developing the proposed amendment; and

(c)

the Authorised Market Institution complies with the requirements in (2) or (3) as applicable.

(2)

An Authorised Market Institution which seeks to dispense with public consultation on the ground referred to in (1)(a) must lodge with the DFSA a statement setting out:

(a)

the text of both the proposed amendment and the Business Rules that are to be amended:

(b)

the reasons for proposing the amendment;

(c)

the grounds on which it believes that a delay resulting from public consultation is likely to be detrimental to the DIFC markets; and

(d)

whether any rights or obligations of any Members of the Authorised Market Institution or other participants on its facilities the proposed are amendment, and if so, what measures are proposed to address such concerns.

to be materially adversely affected by

(3)

An Authorised Market Institution which seeks to dispense with public consultation on the ground referred to in (1)(b) must lodge with the DFSA a statement setting out:

(a)

the text of both the proposed amendment and the Business Rules that are to be amended; and

(b)

either:

(i)

the reasons it believes that the proposed amendment is purely administrative or immaterial; or.

(ii)

that it had taken into account the views and interests of its Members and other stakeholders as appropriate in developing the proposed amendment.

Guidance

For the purposes of demonstrating to the DFSA that the Authorised Market Institution had taken into account the views and interests of its Members and other relevant stakeholders, an Authorised Market Institution may rely on the input provided by its user committees where the user committees meet best practice set out in GEN App3, Guidance No. 9 – 12.

DFSA approval

(1)

An Authorised Market Institution must seek the DFSA’s approval of any proposed amendment to the Business Rules before the rules are to come into effect.

30

AMI/VER28/03-25

5.7

5.7.1

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

(2)

The DFSA will approve the proposed amendment to the Business Rules unless it has reasonable grounds to believe that the proposed amendment is reasonably likely to be detrimental to the interests of the DIFC markets.

(3) Where the DFSA has any concerns about the proposed amendment, it

may:

(a)

either reject the proposed amendment or request the Authorised Market Institution to withdraw the proposed amendments; or

(b)

require the Authorised Market Institution to make appropriate changes to the proposed amendment, with or without public consultation.

(4)

The DFSA must give to the Authorised Market Institution reasons for its decisions under (3)(a) or (b) as applicable.

(5)

An Authorised Market Institution must, as soon as practicable after receiving the DFSA approval, notify the Members and the public of the amendment to its Business Rules and the date on which the amendment becomes effective.

(6)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under (3)(a) or (b), the Authorised Market Institution may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

Guidance

1.

The DFSA does not formally approve the proposed amendments at the point of release of the proposed amendment for public consultation; instead that approval occurs at the end of the public consultation period because the DFSA can properly take into account any public comments and changes resulting from public comments only at the end of the public consultation period.

2.

However, the DFSA may, upon receipt of the proposed amendment, request an extension of the public consultation period if it considers on reasonable grounds that such an extension is appropriate. The circumstances in which the DFSA may require an extended period of public consultation beyond 30 days include where the proposed amendment is likely to have a significant adverse impact on the Members’ rights and obligations or the interests of other participants in the DIFC markets. An Author