 of its Regulatory Functions, have at all times individuals appointed to carry out the functions of the:

(a)

Governing Body;

(b)

Senior Executive Officer;

(c)

Finance Officer;

(d)

Compliance Officer;

(e)

Risk Officer;

(f)

Money Laundering Reporting Officer; and

(g)

Internal Auditor.

(2)

Each of the functions of an Authorised Market Institution specified in (1)(a) to (g) are Licensed Functions for the purposes of Article 43(1) of the Regulatory Law.

(1)

An Authorised Market Institution must not permit a Key Individual to carry on any Licensed Function for or on behalf of the Authorised Market Institution unless the particular individual has been assessed by the Authorised Market Institution to be competent to perform the relevant Licensed Function.

(2)

The Licensed Functions specified in Rule 5.3.1 do not include a function performed by a registered insolvency practitioner (subject to the restrictions in Article 88 of the Insolvency Law 2009) if the practitioner is:

(a)

acting as a nominee in relation to a company voluntary arrangement within the meaning of Article 8 of the Insolvency Law 2009;

(b)

appointed as a receiver or administrative receiver within the meaning of Article 14 of the Insolvency Law 2009;

(c)

appointed as a liquidator in relation to a members’ voluntary winding up within the meaning of Article 32 of the Insolvency Law 2009;

15

AMI/VER28/03-25

5.3.3

5.3.4

5.3.5

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

(d)

appointed as a liquidator in relation to a creditors’ voluntary winding up within the meaning of Article 32 of the Insolvency Law 2009; or

(e)

appointed as a liquidator or provisional liquidator in relation to a compulsory winding up within the meanings of Articles 58 and 59 of the Insolvency Law 2009.

(3)

The Licensed Functions specified in Rule 5.3.1 do not include a function performed by an insolvency practitioner in accordance with the applicable requirements equivalent to those specified in (2)(a) – (e) in another jurisdiction.

(4)

The Licensed Functions specified in Rule 5.3.1 do not include a function of an individual appointed to act as a manager of the business of an Authorised Market Institution as directed by the DFSA under Article 77A of the Regulatory Law.

Guidance

1.

See section 2.3 of the RPP sourcebook for details of the assessment that the Authorised Market Institution and the DFSA undertake to assess whether an individual is fit and proper to undertake Key Individual functions.

2.

An Authorised Market Institution may apply for the DFSA’s in-principle approval of an individual as soon as the individual is identified as a potential appointee to avoid any delays in formalising the appointment. However, an Authorised Market Institution should submit to the DFSA, as far as reasonably practicable, all the relevant information, including the results of its own assessment, when seeking such in-principle approval.

Members of the Governing Body

Every member of the Governing Body of an Authorised Market Institution carries on the function of a Key Individual.

Senior Executive Officer

The Senior Executive Officer function is carried out by an individual who:

(a)

has, either alone or jointly with the other Key Individuals, the ultimate responsibility for the day-to-day management, supervision and control of one or more (or all) parts of an Authorised Market Institution’s Financial Services carried on in or from the DIFC; and

(b)

is either a member of the Governing Body or a Senior Manager of the Authorised Market Institution.

Finance Officer

The Finance Officer function is carried out by an individual who:

(a)

has the overall responsibility for the Authorised Market Institution’s compliance with the financial resources requirements in Rule 5.5.4; and

(b)

is either a Member of the Governing Body or a Senior Manager of the Authorised Market Institution.

16

AMI/VER28/03-25

5.3.6

5.3.7

5.3.8

5.3.9

5.3.10

5.3.11

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

Compliance Officer

The