 Market Institution has in place legally binding contracts with its service providers;

c.

the business continuity and disaster recovery arrangements of the Authorised Market Institution’s service provider;

d.

whether the security and confidentiality of information provided to the service provider of the Authorised Market Institution is guaranteed in accordance with the applicable legislation;

e.

the concentration of outsourcing functions with one or more service providers;

f.

the agreed procedures for terminating the outsourcing arrangements; and

g.

whether the access to books and records of the service providers is granted to the Authorised Market Institution and the DFSA, including rights of inspection.

3.

If an Authorised Market Institution wishes to make any material changes to its outsourcing arrangements which were in existence at the time of the grant of its Licence, or any subsequent outsourcing arrangements made in accordance with the requirements in Rule 5.5.3, such changes require the DFSA’s prior written approval pursuant to Rule 4.3.1(1).

Financial resources

(1)

An Authorised Market Institution must, subject to (3) and (4), have and maintain at all times:

(a)

the minimum financial resource requirement in (2); and

(b)

additional financial resources of a type acceptable to the DFSA which are adequate in relation to the nature, size and complexity of its business to ensure that there is no significant risk that liabilities cannot be met as they fall due.

(2)

The minimum financial resource requirement referred to in (1)(a) is:

(a)

an amount equal to one half of the estimated gross operating costs of the Authorised Market Institution for the next twelve-month period; or

(b)

such other capital amount as may be specified by the DFSA.

23

AMI/VER28/03-25

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

(3)

The assets held by an Authorised Market Institution for the purposes of meeting the financial resources requirements in (1):

(a)

must be of high quality and sufficiently liquid in order to allow the Authorised Market Institution to meet its current and projected operating expenses under a range of adverse scenarios, including in adverse market conditions; and

(b)

must be held, where it comprises cash, by an entity which is a Bank, or a financial institution authorised and supervised by a Financial Services Regulator acceptable to the DFSA with respect to the activity of deposit taking.

(4)

An Authorised Market Institution must have systems and controls to enable it to determine and monitor whether its financial resources are sufficient for the purposes of the requirement in (1). For this purpose, the systems and controls of an Authorised Market Institution must address the following factors, with any other factors that are relevant and appropriate to its operations model:

(a)

the nature, scale, and complexity of the activities and risks associated with its operations;

(b)

the operational, counterparty, market and settlement risks to which it is exposed;

(c)

the amount, composition and legal position of its available financial resources; and

(d)

its ability to access additional financial resources if required.

(5)

An Authorised Market Institution must monitor and manage the concentration of credit and liquidity exposures to commercial banks and clearing Members.

(6)

The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law apply to a decision of the DFSA under (2)(b) to specify a capital amount after a Licence has been granted.

(7)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under (2)(b) to specify a capital amount after a Licence has been granted, the Authorised Market Institution may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

Guidance

1.

The minimum financial resource requirement under Rule 5.5.4(1) is designed to ensure that an Authorised Market Institution not only has sufficient financial resources to meet its liabilities as they fall due, but also to allow, if circumstances require, for the orderly wind-down of the Authorised Market Institution’s business, while still allowing the institution to meet the applicable requirements, including conditions on its Licence.

2.

The systems and controls should enable the Authorised Market Institution to assess whether the financial resources required for it to conduct its affairs are in place at all times. Such assessments should be made periodically or after any significant change or event, whether internal or external, that would have an impact on the operations of the

24

AMI/VER28/03-25

5.5.5

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTION