 Members does not pose any risks to the orderly and efficient functioning of the facility’s trading system, including controls and procedures to:

(a) mitigate counterparty risks that may arise from defaults by Direct Access Members, through adequate collateral management measures, such as margin requirements, based on the settlement cycle adopted by the Authorised Market Institution;

(b)

identify and distinguish orders that are placed by Direct Access Members, and, if necessary, enable the Authorised Market Institution to stop orders of, or trading by, such Members;

(c)

prevent Direct Access Members from allowing any other Persons to access the facility through that Member’s access; and

(d)

ensure that Direct Access Members fully comply with the Business Rules of the facility and promptly address any gaps and deficiencies that are identified.

(3)

An Authorised Market Institution must have adequate resources and mechanisms to carry out front-line monitoring of the trading activities of Direct Access Members.

(4)

An Authorised Market Institution must ensure that, to the extent that any of the systems and controls referred to in (1) are embedded within, or otherwise facilitated through DLT, they must be included within the scope of the annual audit and written report required under Rule 5B.6.1.

Guidance

To satisfy the DFSA of the matters referred to in Rule 5B.3.2, an Authorised Market Institution should, as a minimum, be able to demonstrate that it has effective procedures built into its DLT or similar technology being used that enable:

a.

the clear identification of each Direct Access Member accessing its facility to trade; and

b.

the monitoring of bid and offer prices and volatility for any indications of market manipulation or abuse.

5B.3.3 When an Authorised Market Institution Executes a Transaction in Crypto Tokens for a Direct Access Member, the Authorised Market Institution must comply with the requirements relating to confirmation notes that would apply to an Authorised Firm under COB section 6.9 and COB App 3 section A3.1.

Guidance

Other requirements in this chapter will also be relevant to an Authorised Market Institution that has Direct Access Members. For example, the requirements in section 5B.7 for an appropriateness

50

AMI/VER28/03-25

5B.4

5B.4.1

5B.4.2

5B.4.3

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

assessment of Retail Clients, to ensure that a Retail Client does not use credit, the prohibition against offering of incentives to Retail Clients and the restriction relating to lending and staking.

Provision of information about Crypto Tokens

Publication of key features document

(1)

An Authorised Market Institution must not permit a Crypto Token to be traded on an MTF it operates unless the Authorised Market Institution has published a key features document on its website for the Crypto Token.

(2)

The key features document must contain the information set out in COB Rule 15.3.1.

Dissemination of a white paper

If an Authorised Market Institution publishes a white paper relating to a Crypto Token or disseminates or makes the white paper available to its Members or other users of its facilities, it must:

(a)

take reasonable steps to ensure that the version of the white paper is the latest version;

(b)

identify the authors of the white paper, if known, and when it was published; and

(c)

disclose prominently that:

(i)

it has not prepared the white paper or verified the accuracy of information in the white paper; and

(ii)

investors should take care in relying on information in the white paper as it may be inaccurate or out of date.

Guidance

1.

A ‘white paper’ is a concept paper prepared by the developers of a Crypto Token. It sets out the idea for, and the overall value proposition of, the Crypto Token. It also commonly outlines a development roadmap for the Crypto Token and the key milestones the developers expect to meet.

2.

An Authorised Market Institution is not required to publish or make available a white paper for a Crypto Token, however, if it decides to do so it must ensure that the requirements in Rule 5B.4.2 are met.

Ongoing information

(1)

An Authorised Market Institution must take reasonable steps to ensure that accurate and up-to-date information is made available about Crypto Tokens traded on an MTF it