S (AMI)

3.

A CCP should document its supporting rationale for, and should have appropriate governance arrangements relating to, the amount of total financial resources it maintains. It should also have clear procedures to report the results of its stress tests to its Governing Body and senior management as appropriate, and use those results to evaluate the adequacy of its total financial resources and make any adjustments as appropriate.

Margin requirements

(1) Without limiting the generality of Rule 7.3.1, a Clearing House operating as a CCP must, for the purposes of managing its credit and market risk:

(a)

have a margin system which meets the requirements in (2) and (3);

(b)

mark participant positions to market and collect variation margin at least daily to limit the build-up of current exposures;

(c)

have necessary authority and operational capacity to make intra- day margin calls and payments, both scheduled and unscheduled, to participants; and

(d)

regularly review and validate its margin system to ensure that it operates effectively and as intended.

(2)

The margin system of a CCP must, at a minimum:

(a)

establish margin levels which are commensurate with the risks and particular attributes of each product, portfolio, and market it serves;

(b)

use a reliable source of timely price data for its margin system, and also procedures and sound valuation models for addressing circumstances in which pricing data is not readily available or reliable; and

(c)

adopt initial margin models and parameters that are risk-based and generate margin requirements sufficient to cover its potential future exposure to Members and other participants using its facilities in the interval between the last margin collection and the close-out of positions following a participant default.

(3)

The initial margins established pursuant to (2)(c) must:

(a)

if the CCP calculates margins:

(i)

at the Member’s portfolio level, be applied in respect of each portfolio’s distribution of future exposure; and

(ii)

at more granular levels, meet distribution of future exposures; and

the corresponding

(b)

use models which, among other things:

(i)

rely on conservative estimates of the time horizons for the effective hedging or close out of the particular types of products cleared by the CCP, including in stressed market conditions; and

83

AMI/VER28/03-25

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

(ii)

have an appropriate method for measuring credit exposure that accounts for relevant product risk factors and portfolio effects across products, and, to the extent practicable and prudent, for destabilising procyclical changes.

limit

the need

Guidance

1.

A CCP should adopt comprehensive and stringent measures to ensure that it has adequate total financial resources to effectively manage its credit risk and exposures.

2.

A CCP should determine the amount of the total financial resources available to it and regularly test the sufficiency of such amount, particularly in the event of a default or multiple defaults in extreme but plausible market conditions through rigorous stress testing.

3.

In conducting stress testing, a CCP should consider the effect of a wide range of relevant stress scenarios in terms of both defaulters’ positions and possible price changes in liquidation periods. Scenarios should include relevant peak historic price volatilities, shifts in other market factors such as price determinants and yield curves, multiple defaults over various time horizons, simultaneous pressures in funding and asset markets, and a spectrum of forward-looking stress scenarios in a variety of extreme but plausible market conditions.

4.

A CCP which is involved in activities with a more-complex risk profile, or is systemically important in multiple jurisdictions, should maintain additional financial resources to cover a wide range of potential stress scenarios. These should include the default of the two of its market counterparties (including their affiliates) that would potentially cause the largest aggregate credit exposure for the CCP in extreme but plausible market conditions. In all other cases, a CCP should maintain additional financial resources sufficient to cover a wide range of potential stress scenarios, which include the default of the market counterparty (including its affiliates) that would potentially cause the largest aggregate credit exposure for the CCP in extreme but plausible market conditions.

5.

An effective margining system is a key risk-management tool for an Authorised Market Institution operating as a CCP to manage the credit exposures posed by open positions of its Members or other participants using its facilities. Therefore, it should adopt and implement an effective margin system, which is risk-based and regularly reviewed, in order to