 in MKT section 9.3; and

(iii)

the Authorised Market Institution has adequate systems and controls in place to effectively monitor and enforce a Reporting Entity’s compliance with the requirements of MKT Chapter 9B; or

(c)

in the case of Derivatives (other than Crypto Token Derivatives), the instruments meet the contract design specifications in Rule 6.3.2.

(4)

An Authorised Market Institution must ensure that Crypto Tokens or Crypto Token Derivatives are admitted to trading or traded on an MTF it operates, or cleared and settled on a facility it operates, only if:

(a)

in the case of Crypto Tokens, the Crypto Tokens are Recognised Crypto Tokens; and

(b)

in the case of Crypto Token Derivatives:

(i)

the Crypto Tokens to which the Derivatives relate are

Recognised Crypto Tokens; and

(ii)

the Derivative contracts meet specifications in Rule 6.3.2.

the contract design

(5) Where an Authorised Market Institution admits to trading or clearing or trades on its facilities Investments the value of which is determined by reference to an underlying benchmark or index provided by a Price Information Provider, it must only do so in accordance with the requirements in App 2.

(6)

In this Rule, a Derivative relates to a Crypto Token if the value of the Derivative is determined by reference to:

(a)

the Crypto Token; or

(b)

an index that includes the Crypto Token.

Guidance

1.

Investment criteria are only one aspect of requirements applicable to an Authorised Market Institution when trading or clearing and settling Investments or Crypto Tokens on its facilities. There are other requirements applicable to such activities, which are contained in this module.

2.

Any Securities that are admitted to the Official List of Securities maintained by the DFSA meet the requirement in Rule 5.8.1(2)(a).

3.

A Reporting Entity of Security Tokens that are admitted to trading by an Authorised Market Institution under Rule 5.8.1(3)(b)(iii) will be subject to the requirements imposed on Reporting Entities in MKT. An Authorised Market Institution should therefore assess whether a prospective Reporting Entity is capable of meeting those requirements before admitting its Security Tokens to trading.

36

AMI/VER28/03-25

5.9

5.9.1

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

4.

Crypto Tokens are not Securities or Investments. Therefore, they cannot be admitted to trading on an Exchange (only on an MTF) or to the Official List. In addition, a Crypto Token does not have a Reporting Entity or require an Approved Prospectus. However, a Crypto Token must be a Recognised Crypto Token (i.e, the DFSA must have recognised the Crypto Token as meeting specified criteria) before any Financial Service can be carried on in the DIFC in relation to the Crypto Token (see GEN section 3A). Therefore, only a Recognised Crypto Token can be admitted to trading on an MTF or cleared or settled by an Authorised Market Institution.

5.

Crypto Token Derivatives (i.e. Derivatives relating to Crypto Tokens) are Investments. An Authorised Market Institution trading or clearing Crypto Token Derivatives is therefore required to comply with requirements such as ensuring the Derivative contracts meet the contract design specifications in Rule 6.3.2 and, if the value of the Derivative is determined by reference to a benchmark or index, ensuring the Price Information Provider meets the requirements in APP 2. In addition, under Rule 5.8.1 and GEN section 3A, any underlying Crypto Token to which the Derivative relates is required to be a Recognised Crypto Token and, if the Derivative relates to an index, the index may contain only Recognised Crypto Tokens.

Integrity and transparency

Integrity and fair dealing

An Authorised Market Institution must be able and willing to:

(a)

promote and maintain high standards of integrity and fair dealing in the carrying on of business on or through its facilities; and

(b)

co-operate with the DFSA or other appropriate regulatory authorities with regard to regulatory matters when required.

Guidance

1.

In determining whether an Authorised Market Institution is able and willing to promote high standards of integrity and fair dealing, the DFSA will consider:

a.

the extent to which an Author