 change the scope of its Licence, it should provide at least the following information:

a.

particulars of the new activities requiring a variation to the scope of Licence, and the date of the proposed commencement of such activities;

b.

a revised business plan as appropriate, describing the basis of, and rationale for, the proposed change;

c.

details of the extent to which existing documentation, procedures, systems and controls will be amended to take into account any additional activities, and how the Authorised Market Institution will be able to comply with any additional regulatory requirements including the applicable Licensing Requirements; and

d.

if the Authorised Market Institution is reducing its activities and it has existing Members who may be affected by the cessation of a Financial Service, details of any transitional arrangements.

2.

If an application for a change of scope of Licence involves carrying on a new Financial Service, the application will be assessed against all the requirements applicable to the relevant Financial Service.

5

AMI/VER28/03-25

3.

3.1

3.1.1

3.2

3.2.1

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

AUTHORISATION

Application

This chapter applies to every Person who is an applicant for:

(a)

a Licence to be an Authorised Market Institution;

(b)

an endorsement to:

(i)

maintain an Official List of Securities;

(ii)

operate a Multilateral Trading Facility; or

(iii)

act as a Trade Repository; or

(c)

Key Individual status.

Guidance

1.

This chapter outlines the DFSA’s authorisation requirements for an Authorised Market Institution and its Key Individuals, as well as the process for an Authorised Market Institution to obtain an endorsement on its Licence to maintain an Official List of Securities, operate a Multilateral Trading Facility or act as a Trade Repository.

2.

This chapter should be read in conjunction with the RPP Sourcebook, which sets out the DFSA’s general regulatory policy and processes. See chapter 2 of the RPP sourcebook.

Assessment

(1)

In order to become authorised to carry on one or both of the Financial Services of Operating an Exchange or Operating a Clearing House, the applicant must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the DFSA that it can meet the relevant Licensing Requirements specified in chapters 5, 5A, 5B, 6 and 7, as appropriate to the Financial Services it proposes to carry on, both at the point of the grant of the Licence and thereafter on an on- going basis.

(2)

In order to obtain an endorsement on its Licence to:

(a)

maintain an Official List of Securities;

(b)

operate a Multilateral Trading Facility; or

(c)

act as a Trade Repository,

the applicant must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the DFSA that it can meet the requirements applicable to Persons undertaking the relevant activities, both at the point of the grant of the endorsement and thereafter on an on-going basis.

6

AMI/VER28/03-25

3.2.2

3.2.3

3.3

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

Guidance

1.

The Licensing Requirements are specified in chapters 5, 5A, 5B, 6 and 7 of Part 3 of this module. These include the general requirements applicable to all Authorised Market Institutions (chapter 5), and the additional requirements applicable to specific types of activities of Authorised Market Institutions (chapters 5A, 5B, 6 and 7).

2.

Where an Authorised Market Institution (or an applicant for a Licence) seeks to obtain an endorsement on its Licence, additional requirements relevant to the type of endorsement need to be satisfied (see, for example, App 5 of GEN for the requirements relating to Trade Repositories).

3.

Currently, the function of maintaining an Official List of Securities is performed by the DFSA. However, the DFSA has the power, pursuant to Article 29 of the Markets Law, to grant an Authorised Market Institution an endorsement on its Licence permitting it to maintain an Official List of Securities.

4.

Section 3.6 of the RPP Sourcebook sets out the matters which the DFSA takes into consideration when making an assessment under Rule 3.2.1.

Inquiries and information

In assessing an application for a Licence or an endorsement on a Licence