VER28/03-25

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

(d)

appoints and maintains at all times, an agent for service of process in the DIFC and requires such agent to accept its appointment for service of process.

(3)

Prior to admitting a Person referred to in (1)(a), (b) or (c) as a Member, an Authorised Market Institution must undertake due diligence to ensure that such a Person:

(a)

is of sufficient good repute;

(b)

has a sufficient level of competence and experience, including appropriate standards of conduct for its staff who will be permitted to use its order entry system; and

(b)

has organisational arrangements, financial and technological resources, which are no less than those of an Authorised Firm carrying out similar Financial Services.

including

(4)

Prior to admitting a Person referred to in (1)(d), an Authorised Market Institution must undertake due diligence to ensure that the Person:

(a)

meets the criteria in (3)(a) and (b);

(b)

has adequate financial and technological resources to meet the Business Rules of the facility; and

(c)

does not pose any operational risks to the orderly and efficient functioning of the facility’s trading or clearing systems.

Guidance

1.

A Person who can be admitted under the criterion in Rule 5.7.2(1)(c) (i.e. a Person referred to in GEN Rule 2.3.2(2)) is a Person undertaking Commodity Derivative transactions on the relevant Authorised Market Institution only on its own behalf or on behalf of a wholly owned holding company or subsidiary of such company.

2.

In assessing the membership criteria used by an Authorised Market Institution to permit access to its facilities, the DFSA will consider:

a.

whether the Business Rules can be enforced contractually against Members;

b.

whether the criteria are objective and applied in a non-discriminatory manner; and

c.

the financial resource requirements for those not authorised by the DFSA.

3.

Pursuant to Rule 5.7.2(3)(c), an Authorised Market Institution is required to assess the adequacy of the organisational arrangements of a candidate to become a Member, if it is not an Authorised Firm or Direct Access Member, against the organisational requirements that would apply to such a Person had it been an Authorised Firm undertaking similar activities. For example, a Person which is not an Authorised Firm or Direct Access Member should have organisational resources that are equivalent to a firm Licensed to carry on the Financial Service of Dealing as Agent and/or Dealing as Principal.

4.

Sections 5A.3 and 5B.3 set out additional requirements relating to Direct Access Members.

5.

Members who are not Direct Access Members may also use a facility for trading or clearing of Investment Tokens or Crypto Tokens.

33

AMI/VER28/03-25

5.7.3

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

Direct electronic access

(1) An Authorised Market Institution may only permit a Member to provide its clients Direct Electronic Access to the Authorised Market Institution’s trading facilities where:

(a)

the clients meet the suitability criteria established by the Member in order to meet the requirements in (2):

(b)

the Member retains responsibility for the orders and trades executed by the clients who are using Direct Electronic Access;

(c)

the Member has adequate mechanisms to prevent the clients placing or executing orders using Direct Electronic Access in a manner that would result in the Member exceeding its position or margin limits; and

(d)

the Member is not a Direct Access Member.

(2)

An Authorised Market Institution which permits its Members to allow their clients to have Direct Electronic Access to its trading facilities must:

(a)

set appropriate standards regarding risk controls and thresholds on trading through Direct Electronic Access;

(b)

be able to identify orders and trades made through Direct Electronic Access; and

(c)

if necessary, be able to stop orders or trades made by a client using Direct Electronic Access provided by the Member without affecting the other orders or trades made or executed by that Member.

(3)

For the purposes of this Rule and elsewhere in the Rulebook, Direct Electronic Access means any arrangement, such as the use of the Member’s trading code, through which a Member or the clients of that Member are able to transmit orders relating to Investments or Crypto Tokens