 all other cases, a CCP should maintain additional financial resources sufficient to cover a wide range of potential stress scenarios, which include the default of the market counterparty (including its affiliates) that would potentially cause the largest aggregate credit exposure for the CCP in extreme but plausible market conditions.

5.

An effective margining system is a key risk-management tool for an Authorised Market Institution operating as a CCP to manage the credit exposures posed by open positions of its Members or other participants using its facilities. Therefore, it should adopt and implement an effective margin system, which is risk-based and regularly reviewed, in order to cover its credit exposures to its Members and other participants in respect of all Investments and other products.

6.

In calculating margin requirements, a CCP may allow offsets or reductions in required margin across products that it clears or between products that it and another CCP clear, if the risk of one product is significantly and reliably correlated with the risk of the other product. Where two or more CCPs are authorised to offer cross-margining, they must have appropriate safeguards and harmonised overall risk-management systems.

7.

A CCP should analyse and monitor its model performance and overall margin coverage by conducting rigorous back testing regularly, and sensitivity analysis at least monthly and, where appropriate, more frequently. A CCP should regularly conduct an assessment of the theoretical and empirical properties of its margin model for all products it clears. In conducting sensitivity analysis of the model’s coverage, a CCP should take into account a wide range of parameters and assumptions that reflect possible market conditions, including the most-volatile periods that have been experienced by the markets it serves and extreme changes in the correlations between prices.

84

AMI/VER28/03-25

7.3.3

7.4

7.4.1

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

Segregation and portability

(1)

A Clearing House acting as a CCP must have systems and procedures to enable segregation and portability of positions of the customers of its Members and other participants on its facilities, and any collateral provided to it with respect to those positions.

(2)

For the purposes of (1), a CCP’s systems and controls must, at a minimum, provide for the following:

(a)

the segregation and portability arrangements that effectively protect the positions and related collateral of the customers of the Members or other participants on its facilities from the default or insolvency of the relevant Member or other participants;

(b)

if the CCP offers additional protection of the customer positions and related collateral against the concurrent default of both the relevant Member or other participants or other customers, the adoption of necessary measures to ensure that the additional protection offered is effective; and

(c)

the use of account structures that enable the CCP to readily identify positions of the customers of the relevant Member or other participant, and to segregate their related collateral.

(3)

A CCP must make available to its Members and other participants using its facilities, its rules, policies and procedures relating to the segregation and portability of the positions and related collateral of the customers of its Members and other participants using its facilities.

Guidance

1.

A CCP should:

a.

maintain the customer positions and any related collateral referred to in Rule 7.3.3 in individual customer accounts or in omnibus customer accounts; and

b.

structure its portability arrangements so that the positions and collateral of a defaulting Member’s or other participant’s customers can be transferred to one or more other Members or participants.

2.

A CCP should also disclose whether the customers’ collateral is protected on an individual or omnibus basis. In addition, it should disclose any constraints, such as legal or operational, that may impair its ability to segregate or transfer a Member’s or other participant’s customers’ positions and related collateral.

Additional requirements for a CSD

(1) Where a Clearing House operates a Central Securities Depository (CSD), it must have rules and procedures, including robust accounting practices and controls to:

(a)

ensure the integrity of securities issues; and

85

AMI/VER28/03-25

7.4.2

(2)

(3)

(1)

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

(b)

minimise and manage risks associated with the safekeeping and transfer of securities.

A CSD must ensure that securities referred to in (1)(a) are recorded in book-entry form prior to the trade date.

For the