 consumers;

e.

accepted market practice at the physical commodity market in question, including loading tolerances and delivery of alternative supply under the contract terms;

f.

adequacy, nature and availability of supply of the underlying physical commodity, including an estimate of the deliverable supplies for the delivery month specified in the relevant commodity contract;

g.

movement or flow of the underlying physical commodity;

h.

the liquidity of the underlying physical market;

i.

the spot market pricing system including transparency, availability, reliability and frequency of cash pricing;

j.

price volatility; and

k.

the existence of price controls, embargoes, export restrictions or other regulation or controls affecting the price or supply of the underlying physical commodity.

Transparency and disclosure

An Exchange must have adequate arrangements for providing to the markets adequate information about Investments traded on its facilities, and its trading activities, for the purposes of promoting:

(a)

pre-trade transparency; and

(b)

post-trade transparency.

Pre-trade transparency

(1)

An Exchange must disclose the information specified in (2) relating to trading of Investments on its facilities in the manner specified in (3).

(2)

The information required to be disclosed pursuant to (1) is:

(a)

the current bid and offer prices and volume;

(b)

the depth of trading interest shown at the prices and volumes advertised through its systems for the Investments; and

(c)

any other information relating to Investments which would promote transparency relating to trading.

(3)

The information referred to in (2) must be made available to the public on a continuous basis during normal trading.

Guidance

60

AMI/VER28/03-25

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

When making disclosure, an Exchange should adopt a technical mechanism by which the public can differentiate between transactions that have been transacted in the central order book and transactions that have been reported to the Exchange as off-order book transactions. Any transactions that have been cancelled pursuant to its rules should also be identifiable.

The reference to trading interest in Rule 6.4.2(2)(b) includes any actionable indications of interests. Actionable interests are messages from one Member to another in a trading system about available trading interest that contains all necessary information to agree on a trade.

An Exchange should use adequate mechanisms so that pre-trade information is available to the public in an easy to access and uninterrupted manner at least during business hours. An Exchange may charge a reasonable fee for the information which it makes available to the public.

An Exchange will be able to withhold pre-trade disclosure only if it has obtained a waiver or modification to Rule 6.4.2. An Exchange may seek a waiver or modification from the disclosure requirement in Rule 6.4.2(1) in relation to certain transaction orders where:

a.

the order size is pre-determined and exceeds a pre-set and published threshold level; and

b.

the details of the exemption are included in its Business Rules.

In assessing whether an exemption from pre-trade disclosure should be allowed, the DFSA will take into account factors such as:

a.

the level of order threshold compared with normal market size for the Investment;

b.

the impact such an exemption would have on price discovery, fragmentation, fairness and overall market quality;

c.

whether there is sufficient transparency relating to trades executed without pre- trade disclosure as a result of dark orders whether or not they are entered in transparent markets;

d.

whether the Exchange supports transparent orders by giving priority to transparent orders over dark orders, for example, by executing such orders at the same price as transparent orders; and

e.

whether there is adequate disclosure of details relating to dark orders available to Members and other participants on the facilities of the Exchange to enable them to understand the manner in which their orders will be handled and executed on those facilities.

Dark orders are orders executed on execution platforms without pre-trade transparency.

61

AMI/VER28/03-25

6.4.3

6.5

6.5.1

6.5.2

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

Post-trade transparency

(1)

An Exchange must disclose the post-trade information specified in (2) relating to trading of Investments on its facilities in the manner specified in (3).

(2)

The post-trade information required to be disclosed pursuant to (1) is the price, volume and