

Whistleblowing

Guidance

An Authorised Market Institution is required to comply with the whistleblowing requirements set out in GEN section 5.4.

Handling of complaints

(1)

An Authorised Market Institution must have effective arrangements in place for the investigation and resolution of complaints made against it.

(2)

An Authorised Market Institution must establish and maintain a register of complaints made against it and their resolution. Records of the complaints must be maintained for a minimum of six years.

Guidance

1.

Procedures should be in place to acknowledge a complaint promptly, for making an objective consideration of the complaint and for a timely response to be sent to the complainant. The response should inform the complainant that, if he is not satisfied with the response, he should contact the DFSA.

2.

Complaints should be fairly and impartially investigated by a person not involved in the conduct about which the complaint has been made. At the conclusion of the investigation, a report should be prepared and provided to the relevant Key Individuals.

Use of ‘investment token market’ and similar terms to refer to a facility

An Authorised Market Institution must not refer to a facility it operates as an ‘investment token market’, ‘investment token clearing house’, ‘security token market’, ‘security token clearing house’, ‘derivative token market’, ‘derivative token clearing house’, or using any other similar term, unless it is a facility on which only Investment Tokens are traded or cleared.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Market Institution should not refer to a facility where both Security Tokens and conventional Investments are traded and cleared using terms referred to in Rule 5.12.3.

2.

An Authorised Market Institution that trades and/or clears both conventional Investments and Investment Tokens may refer to the facility that trades or clears Investment Tokens as an Investment Token, Security Token or Derivative Token market or clearing house, provided it is able to effectively maintain and demonstrate that there is a clear separation of Investment Token trading or clearing from conventional Investment trading or clearing.

45

AMI/VER28/03-25

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

5A.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR OPERATING A FACILITY FOR INVESTMENT TOKENS

5A.1

Application

5A.1.1

This chapter applies to an Authorised Market Institution Operating a Facility for Investment Tokens.

Guidance

Operating a Facility for Investment Tokens is defined in GLO as Operating an Exchange, Operating a Clearing House or Operating an Alternative Trading System on which Investment Tokens are traded, cleared, or both traded and cleared.

5A.2

Technology and governance requirements

5A.2.1 Without limiting the generality of the technology resources requirements in Rule 5.5.5, an Authorised Market Institution must ensure that it meets the requirements that would apply to an Authorised Firm Operating a Facility for Investment Tokens under COB section 14.1.

5A.3

Operating a Facility for Investment Tokens that permits direct access

5A.3.1 An Authorised Market Institution must ensure that:

(1)

it treats each Direct Access Member as its Client;

(2)

its Business Rules clearly set out:

(a)

the duties owed by the Authorised Market Institution to the Direct Access Member and how the Authorised Market Institution is held accountable for any failure to fulfil those duties; and

(b)

the duties owed by the Direct Access Member to the Authorised Market Institution and how the Direct Access Member is held accountable for any failure to fulfil those duties;

(3)

appropriate investor redress mechanisms are available, and disclosed, to each Member permitted to trade or clear Investment Tokens on its facility, as required under Rule 5.12.2; and

(4)

its facility contains a prominent disclosure of the risks associated with the use of DLT for trading and clearing Investments, particularly those relating to Digital Wallets and the susceptibility of private cryptographic keys to misappropriation.

5A.3.2

(1) Without limiting the generality of the systems and controls obligations of the Authorised Market Institution, an Authorised Market Institution must have in place adequate systems and controls to address market integrity, AML, CTF and investor protection risks in permitting a Direct Access Member to access its facility, including procedures to:

(a)

identify the ultimate beneficial owner of a Direct Access Member, where the Member is a Body Corporate;

46