 for approval of such a change on shorter notice than the 30 days referred to in (2).

The DFSA must, upon receipt of a notice referred to in Rule 4.3.2, approve or reject the proposed change as soon as practicable and in any event within 30 days of the receipt of the notice, unless that period has been extended by notification to the applicant.

(1)

The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law apply to a decision of the DFSA under Rule 4.3.3 to reject a proposed change.

(2)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under Rule 4.3.3 to reject a proposed change, the Authorised Market Institution may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

Guidance

1.

The period of 30 days will commence from the time the DFSA has received all the relevant information to assess the application.

2.

An Authorised Market Institution should consider submitting its application for DFSA approval well in advance of the date on which the proposed change is expected to come into effect, especially in the case of significant material changes to its existing arrangements, to allow the DFSA sufficient time to consider the application. Such timely submission would generally tend to avoid any extension of time being sought by the DFSA to assess properly the impact of a proposed change, due to its nature, scale and complexity. Such an extension would be made in consultation with the applicant.

3.

If a proposed material change is not approved by the DFSA within the 30 day period and the DFSA has not expressly extended the period beyond 30 days, an Authorised Market Institution may treat the proposed change as being rejected by the DFSA, and on that basis, may refer the decision to the FMT.

4.

An Authorised Market Institution may use the results of consultation with its user committees to identify the impact the proposed change would have on its ability to meet the Licensing Requirements, including any impact such a change would have on its

11

AMI/VER28/03-25

4.4

4.4.1.

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

Members and other stakeholders. See GEN App 3 – Guidance No. 9 – 12 for best practice relating to user committees.

Definition of Regulatory Functions

Pursuant to Article 23(2)(f)(ii) and (iii) of the Regulatory Law, the DFSA prescribes the Regulatory Functions of an Authorised Market Institution as those functions which directly contribute to the satisfaction by the Authorised Market Institution of its Licensing Requirements.

12

AMI/VER28/03-25

5.

5.1

5.1.1

5.2

5.2.1

5.2.2

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

GENERAL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO ALL AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS

Application

This chapter applies to an Authorised Market Institution and its Key Individuals.

Organisational Requirements

Guidance

Every Authorised Market Institution must comply with the requirements in GEN chapter 5, which relate to the management and systems and controls, which form an essential part of the organisational requirements of an Authorised Market Institution. The requirements set out below augment the organisational requirements applicable to an Authorised Market Institution set out in GEN chapter 5.

Fitness and propriety

An Authorised Market Institution must:

(a)

be fit and proper;

(b)

be appropriately constituted; and

(c)

take appropriate measures to:

(i)

satisfy the Licensing Requirements; and

(ii)

perform its Regulatory Functions.

Guidance

See Chapter 5 of GEN and paragraphs 2-2-16 to 2-2-18 of the RPP Sourcebook which set out matters which the DFSA takes into consideration when making an assessment under Rule 5.2.1.

Human resources

(1)

An Authorised Market Institution must have and maintain sufficient human resources to operate and supervise its facilities.

(2)

An Authorised Market Institution must ensure, as far as reasonably practicable, that its Employees are:

(a)

fit and proper;

(b)

appropriately trained for the duties they perform; and

(c)

trained in the requirements of the legislation applicable in the DIFC.

(3)

An Authorised Market Institution must:

13

AMI/VER28/03-