 be able to block or cancel orders automatically where the trades pose risks that compromise the Member’s own risk management thresholds. Such controls should be applied as necessary and appropriate to exposures to individual clients or financial instruments or groups of clients or financial instruments, exposures of individual traders, trading desks or the Member as a whole;

d.

reporting obligations: Members should be obliged to notify the Exchange about significant risks that may affect fair and orderly trading and major incidents as soon as they become aware of such risks or incidents;

e.

overriding of pre-trade controls: Members should have procedures and arrangements for dealing with orders which have been automatically blocked by the Member’s pre-trade controls but which the Member may re-submit. Such procedures and arrangements should serve to alert compliance and risk management staff of the Member that controls have been overridden and require their approval for the overriding of these controls;

f.

training on order entry procedures: Members should ensure that employees using the order entry system have adequate training on order entry procedures before they are allowed to use Members’ order entry systems;

63

AMI/VER28/03-25

6.6

6.6.1

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

g.

monitoring and accessibility of knowledgeable and mandated staff: Members should monitor their orders to the Exchange in as close to real time as possible, including from a cross-market perspective, for potential signs of disorderly trading. Such monitoring should be conducted by Member’s staff who understand its trading flow. They should be accessible to the Exchange and have necessary authority to take necessary and appropriate remedial action. Members should ensure that compliance staff are able to follow closely the Member’s electronic trading activity so that they can quickly respond to and correct any failures or regulatory infractions that may take place; and

h.

control of messaging traffic: Members should have control of messaging traffic to the Exchange particularly to ensure any messaging limits imposed by the Exchange on the Members are not exceeded. Messaging limits are limits imposed by an Exchange on its Members for the transmission of orders such as buy or sell to ensure that the Exchange’s capacity to deal with such orders is not exceeded.

Error Trade policy

(1)

An Exchange must be able to cancel, amend or correct any Error Trades.

(2)

An Error Trade is the execution of an order resulting from:

(a)

an erroneous order entry;

(b) malfunctioning of the system of a Member or of the Authorised

Market Institution; or

(c)

a combination of (a) and (b).

(3)

For the purposes of (1), an Exchange’s Business Rules must include a comprehensive Error Trade policy which sets out clearly the extent to which transactions can be cancelled by the Exchange at its sole discretion, at the request of a Member or by mutual consent of the Members involved.

(4)

An Exchange must have adequate systems and controls to:

(a)

prevent or minimise Error Trades;

(b)

promptly identify and rectify Error Trades where they occur; and

(c)

identify whether Error Trades are related to disorderly market activity.

64

AMI/VER28/03-25

6.7

6.7.1

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

Guidance

When assessing whether an Exchange has an appropriate and adequate Error Trade policy, the DFSA will consider whether the rules and procedures included in the Business Rules:

a.

are adequate and, where prevention is not possible, minimise the impact of Error Trades;

b.

are sufficiently flexible in the design to address varying scenarios;

c.

establish a predictable and timely process for dealing with Error Trades, including measures specifically designed to detect and identify Error Trade messages to market users;

d.

promote transparency to market users with regard to any cancellation decisions involving material transactions resulting from the invocation of the Error Trade policy;

e.

include adequate surveillance conducted in the markets to detect Error Trades;

f.

promote predictability, fairness and consistency of actions taken under the Error Trade policy; and

g.

enable sharing of information with other markets, when possible, concerning the cancellation of trades.

Short selling and position management

(1)

An Exchange must have in place effective systems, controls and procedures to monitor and manage:

(a)

Short Selling in Securities; and

(b)

risks arising from position concentrations.

(2)

For the purposes of (1), an Exchange must have adequate powers over its Members to address risks to an orderly functioning of its facilities arising from unsett