 procedures set out under Rule 7.2.3 above to address liquidity risk are also commonly used to address credit risks, and therefore, the same procedures, adjusted as appropriate, can be used for both purposes.

Acceptable types of liquid resources

2.

For the purposes of meeting its minimum liquid resource requirement referred to above, a Clearing House’s qualifying liquid assets/resources may include cash held in appropriate currencies at a central bank in its or other relevant jurisdiction, or at

76

AMI/VER28/03-25

7.2.4

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

creditworthy commercial banks, committed lines of credit, committed foreign exchange swaps and repos, as well as highly marketable collateral held in custody and investments that are readily available and convertible into cash with prearranged and highly reliable funding arrangements, even in extreme but plausible market conditions.

3.

If a Clearing House has access to a routine line of credit made available by a central bank in its or other relevant jurisdiction, it may count such access as part of its liquid resources to the extent it has collateral that is eligible for pledging to (or for conducting other appropriate forms of transactions with) the relevant central bank. Even if it does not have access to a routine line of credit made available by a central bank, it should still take account of what collateral is typically accepted by the relevant central bank as such assets may be more likely to be liquid in stressed circumstances. However, a Clearing House should not assume the availability of emergency central bank credit as a part of its liquidity plan.

4.

A Clearing House may supplement its qualifying liquid resources with other forms of liquid resources. If it does so, then such liquid resources should be in the form of assets that are likely to be saleable, or acceptable as collateral, for lines of credit, swaps, or repos on an ad hoc basis following a default, even if this cannot be reliably prearranged or guaranteed in extreme market conditions.

5.

Where a Clearing House has access to a central bank lines of credit or accounts, payment services, or securities services, it should use those services as far as practicable, as such use is likely to enhance its ability to manage liquidity risk more effectively.

Review

6.

A Clearing House should have clear procedures to report the results of its stress tests undertaken for the purposes of this Rule to its Governing Body and senior management as appropriate. It should use the results of stress testing to evaluate the adequacy of its liquidity risk-management framework and make any appropriate adjustments as needed.

7.

In conducting stress testing, a Clearing House should consider a wide range of relevant scenarios. Scenarios should include relevant peak historic price volatilities, shifts in other market factors such as price determinants and yield curves, multiple defaults over various time horizons, simultaneous pressures in funding and asset markets, and a spectrum of forward-looking stress scenarios in a variety of extreme but plausible market conditions. Scenarios should also take into account the design and operation of the Clearing House, and include all entities that may pose material liquidity risks to the Clearing House (such as settlement banks, custodian banks, liquidity providers, and other involved entities), and where appropriate, cover a multi-day period.

8.

A Clearing House should record the results of such stress testing and the rationale for any adjustments made to the amount and form of total liquid resources it maintains.

Participant default

9.

A Clearing House’s rules and procedures should also indicate any liquidity resources it may deploy, in the event of default by a Member or other involved parties, during a stress event to replenish the available liquid resources and the associated process, so that it can continue to operate in a safe and sound manner.

Custody and investment risk

(1)

A Clearing House must have effective means to address risks relating to:

(a)

custody of its own assets, in accordance with (2); and

(b)

investments, in accordance with (3).

(2)

For the purposes of (1)(a), a Clearing House must:

77

AMI/VER28/03-25

7.2.5

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

(a)

hold its own assets with entities which are Licensed by the DFSA or a Financial Services Regulator for holding deposits or providing custody, as appropriate;

(b)

be able to have prompt access to