B, 6 and 7. These chapters set out the substantive requirements (called the “Licensing Requirements”) that must be met by a Person at the point of grant of a Licence to be an Authorised Market Institution and thereafter on an on-going basis. Chapter 4 contains the provisions which prescribe what the Licensing Requirements are, and the procedures an Authorised Market Institution must follow in order to make any material changes to the arrangements it has in place to meet the Licensing Requirements. Chapter 5 contains the Licensing Requirements that are common to both Exchanges and Clearing Houses. Chapter 5A contains the additional requirements that apply to an Authorised Market Institution that is Operating a Facility for Investment Tokens, whether that facility is an Exchange, a Clearing House or a Multilateral Trading Facility. Chapter 5B contains the additional requirements that apply to an Authorised Market that is Operating a Facility for Crypto Tokens. Chapter 6 contains the additional Licensing Requirements that are specific to Exchanges and chapter 7 contains the additional Licensing Requirements that are specific to Clearing Houses.

10.

Part 4 contains chapters 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12. These chapters set out a range of miscellaneous provisions covering the requirements relating to the approval of Controllers of Authorised Market Institutions (chapter 8), the provisions governing the supervision of Authorised Market Institutions (chapter 9), the procedures for withdrawal of a Licence or endorsement (chapter 10), appeal procedures from the decisions of the DFSA (chapter 11) and the transitional provisions (chapter 12).

11.

There are three Appendices, Appendix 1 contains the requirements relevant to testing of technology systems, Appendix 2 contains the requirements relating to the use of price information providers and Appendix 3 contains the contract delivery specifications applicable to Derivative contracts which require physical delivery.

Interpretation

In this module, “money laundering” has the same meaning as in AML Rule 3.1.1.

2

AMI/VER28/03-25

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

PART 2:

APPLICATION AND AUTHORISATION

2.

APPLICATION FOR A LICENCE OR ENDORSEMENT

2.1

Application

2.1.1

(1) This chapter applies to a Person who intends to carry on either or both of the Financial Services of Operating an Exchange or Operating a Clearing House in or from the DIFC.

(2) This chapter also applies to a Person referred to in (1), who intends to obtain

an endorsement on its Licence to:

(a)

carry on the Financial Service of Operating an Alternative Trading System to the extent that such activities constitute operating a Multilateral Trading Facility; or

(b) act as a Trade Repository.

(3) A Person who intends to carry on the Financial Services and activities referred to in (1) and (2) is referred to in this chapter as an “applicant” unless the context otherwise provides.

(4)

This chapter also applies to an Authorised Market Institution applying to change the scope of its Licence, or where a condition or restriction has previously been imposed on its Licence, to have such a condition or restriction varied or withdrawn. Such an Authorised Market Institution may be referred to as an “applicant” in this chapter.

Guidance

1.

The activity of operating a Multilateral Trading Facility (“MTF”) is an activity that falls within the definition of the Financial Service of Operating an Alternative Trading System (see GEN Rule 2.22.1). A Person needs to be Licensed as an Authorised Firm to carry on that Financial Service. However, pursuant to GEN Rule 2.2.12, a holder of a Licence to Operate an Exchange may also operate an MTF if it has obtained an endorsement on its Licence permitting it to do so.

2.

Acting as a Trade Repository is not a Financial Service, and may be carried on by an Authorised Firm or Authorised Market Institution with an endorsement on its Licence permitting it to do so (see GEN Rule 2.2.13).

3.

A new applicant for a Licence or an existing holder of a Licence may apply to have an endorsement on its Licence to operate a Multilateral Trading Facility or to maintain a Trade Repository.

3

AMI/VER28/03-25

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

2.2

Application for a Licence

2.