 owners of those assets or in accordance with the terms of the agreement referred to in Rule 5.10.1(b) and any applicable legislation;

(d)

the reconciliation at appropriate intervals and frequency between the assets and accounts held under the safe custody arrangements; and

(e)

accurate records relating to the assets held under the safe custody arrangements to be kept, including:

(i)

the identity of the legal and beneficial owners of the relevant assets, and where appropriate, any Persons who have charges over, or other interests in, those assets;

(ii)

records of any additions, reductions and transfers in each individual account of assets; and

(iii)

the identity of the assets owned by (or where appropriate on behalf of) different Persons, including, where appropriate, the assets owned by Members and other participants on its facilities.

Guidance

In assessing whether an Authorised Market Institution’s safe custody arrangements meet the requirements in Rule 5.10.2, the DFSA would particularly look at:

a.

the frequency with which statements of the holdings are provided to the Members and other participants on its facilities whose assets are held under the safe custody arrangements;

40

AMI/VER28/03-25

5.10.3

5.11

5.11.1

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

b.

the records of the assets held and the identity of the beneficial and legal owners and any other persons with rights over such assets, and whether the Authorised Market Institution maintains a register of charges over Investments or Crypto Tokens traded or cleared on its facility;

c.

the records of any instructions given in relation to those assets;

d.

the records of the carrying out of those instructions;

e.

the records of any movements in those assets (or any corporate actions or other events in relation to those assets); and

f.

how the Authorised Market Institution reconciles its records of assets held with the records of any custodian or sub-custodian used to hold those assets, and with the record of beneficial or legal ownership of those assets.

An Authorised Market Institution must not appoint any Person as a third party custodian unless that Person:

(a)

is appropriately authorised under its Licence or subject to regulation and supervision by a Financial Services Regulator acceptable to the DFSA for the activity of deposit taking or providing custody and depository services; and

(b)

is prohibited from appointing sub-custodians except where the sub- custodians meet the requirements in (a).

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Market Institution should undertake due diligence to ensure, in the case of any custodians or sub-custodians which are not regulated by the DFSA, that they are appropriately licensed and supervised for the activity of deposit taking or custody and depository services by a Financial Services Regulator in their home jurisdiction.

2.

In order to meet the requirements relating to sub-custody arrangements, an Authorised Market Institution should include clear provisions in the contract with its appointed custodians whether or not sub-custodians may be appointed and if so, the procedures for appointing the sub-custodians, in accordance with the requirements in Rule 5.10.3(b). There should also be contractual requirements for advance notification to the Authorised Market Institution of any changes to the sub-custodians.

3.

If an Authorised Market Institution proposes to make new custody arrangements or make any material changes to its existing custody arrangements, such changes trigger the prior DFSA approval requirements in Rule 4.3.2. This requirement would be triggered, for example, if the appointed custodians at the time of the grant of the Licence had not used sub-custodians but subsequently propose to do so.

Promotion and maintenance of standards

Orderly conduct on facilities

An Authorised Market Institution must have an effective market surveillance program to:

41

AMI/VER28/03-25

5.11.2

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

(a)

ensure that business conducted on or through its facilities is conducted in an orderly manner and in accordance with the applicable Business Rules and other applicable requirements so as to afford proper protection to investors; and

(b)

monitor for conduct which may amount to Market Abuse, financial crime or money laundering.

Guidance

1.

To satisfy the DFSA that Rule 5.11.1(a) is met, an Author