ing as a Trade Repository is not a Financial Service, and may be carried on by an Authorised Firm or Authorised Market Institution with an endorsement on its Licence permitting it to do so (see GEN Rule 2.2.13).

3.

A new applicant for a Licence or an existing holder of a Licence may apply to have an endorsement on its Licence to operate a Multilateral Trading Facility or to maintain a Trade Repository.

3

AMI/VER28/03-25

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

2.2

Application for a Licence

2.2.1

An applicant who intends to carry on either or both of the Financial Services of Operating an Exchange or Operating a Clearing House must apply to the DFSA for a Licence in accordance with the Rules in this section and chapter 3.

2.2.2

The DFSA will only consider an application for a Licence to Operate an Exchange or Operate a Clearing House from a Person:

(a)

who is a Body Corporate; and

(b)

who is not an Authorised Firm or an applicant to be an Authorised Firm.

2.2.2A An applicant must be a Body Corporate incorporated under the DIFC Companies

Law if the application is for:

(a)

authorisation to Operate a Clearing House on which Crypto Tokens are cleared; or

(b)

the variation of a Licence to permit an activity referred to in (a).

2.2.3

A Person applying for a Licence must submit a written application to the DFSA:

(a)

demonstrating how the applicant intends to satisfy the Licensing Requirements specified in Part 3 and any other applicable requirements; and

(b)

with copies of any relevant agreements or other information in relation to the application.

2.3

Application for an endorsement

2.3.1

The following requirements must be met by an applicant for the grant of an endorsement to operate a Multilateral Trading Facility:

(a)

it must hold a Licence with an authorisation to Operate an Exchange;

(b)

it must be able to demonstrate that it can satisfy the requirement in Rule 4.2.1(3); and

(c)

it must be a Body Corporate incorporated under the DIFC Companies Law if the Multilateral Trading Facility will trade Crypto Tokens.

Guidance

1.

Under GEN Rule 2.2.11(c) and Rule 2.2.12, an Authorised Market Institution Licensed to Operate an Exchange may obtain an endorsement to carry on the activity of operating a Multilateral Trading Facility.

2.

An Exchange with an endorsement to operate an MTF needs to meet, on an on-going basis, the applicable Licensing Requirements under Rule 4.2.1(3). Accordingly, when an Exchange wishes to obtain such an endorsement, it needs to be able to demonstrate to the DFSA that it can meet each of the Licensing Requirements with respect to the proposed

4

AMI/VER28/03-25

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

MTF. For example, it should demonstrate how the IT systems and human resources available to it would be utilised for the purposes of operating the MTF.

2.3.2

The requirements in App 5 to GEN must be met by an Authorised Market Institution for the grant of an endorsement to act as a Trade Repository.

2.4 Application for a change of scope of a Licence

2.4.1 An Authorised Market Institution applying to change the scope of its Licence, or to have a condition or restriction varied or withdrawn, must provide the DFSA with written details of the proposed changes including an assessment of how it intends to satisfy the Licensing Requirements in relation to the new Licence scope.

Guidance

1.

Where an Authorised Market Institution applies to change the scope of its Licence, it should provide at least the following information:

a.

particulars of the new activities requiring a variation to the scope of Licence, and the date of the proposed commencement of such activities;

b.

a revised business plan as appropriate, describing the basis of, and rationale for, the proposed change;

c.

details of the extent to which existing documentation, procedures, systems and controls will be amended to take into account any additional activities, and how the Authorised Market Institution will be able to comply with any additional regulatory requirements including the applicable Licensing Requirements; and

d