 that the trading in Derivative contracts on its facilities is undertaken in a fair, orderly and efficient manner.

(2)

The rules and procedures must promote transparency by ensuring that there is sufficient information made available to the markets relating to the terms and conditions of the Derivative contracts traded on its facilities. Such information must include, where relevant, information relating to delivery and pricing of Derivative contracts.

Contract design specifications

(1)

An Exchange must ensure that the Derivative contracts traded on its facilities:

(a)

have a design that enables the orderly pricing and effective settlement of the obligations arising under the contract; and

(b)

where they are Commodity Derivative contracts which require physical delivery, have terms and conditions which:

(i)

promote price discovery of the underlying commodity;

(ii)

ensure, to the extent possible, that there is a correlation to the operation of the physical market in the underlying commodity;

(iii)

include contract delivery specifications which address matters specified in App 3; and

(iv)

provide for legally enforceable settlement and delivery procedures.

(2)

For the purposes of meeting the requirement in (1)(a), an Exchange must include in its Business Rules contract design specifications relating to Derivative contracts traded on its facilities which, at a minimum, include:

(a)

minimum price fluctuations (price ticks);

(b)

maximum price fluctuations (daily price limits), if any;

58

AMI/VER28/03-25

6.3.3

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

(c)

last trading day;

(d)

settlement or delivery procedures as applicable;

(e)

trading months;

(f)

position limits, if any;

(g)

reportable levels; and

(h)

trading hours.

On-going review

An Exchange must:

(a)

establish and implement clear procedures relating to the development and review of contract design for Derivative contracts traded on its facilities;

(b)

have adequate process through which the views of potential users of Derivative contracts can be taken into account when developing and reviewing contract design for Derivative contracts;

(c)

have adequate powers which enable it to eliminate contractual terms which produce, or are likely to produce, manipulative or disorderly conditions in the markets generally, or in relation to the particular class or type of Derivative contracts; and

(d)

have adequate mechanisms to monitor and evaluate whether the settlement and delivery procedures reflect the underlying physical market and promote reliable pricing relationship between the two markets.

Guidance

1.

When assessing whether an Exchange’s rules and procedures are adequate, the DFSA will consider, among other things:

a.

the criteria adopted by the Exchange for Derivative contracts to be traded on its facilities;

b.

what powers the Exchange has in order to eliminate manipulative or disorderly conduct, including powers to vary, remove or rescind conditions of any Derivative contracts already traded where these are found to cause manipulative or disorderly conditions; and

c.

what mechanisms are established by the Exchange to monitor and review market activities relating to Derivative contracts traded on its facilities.

2.

When designing and reviewing the design of Commodity Derivative contracts, an Exchange should consider the following physical market characteristics, including differences within a commodity market with regard to the commodity in question:

a.

size and structure of the physical market;

b.

commodity characteristics (such as grade, quality, weight, class, growth, origin, source etc.);

59

AMI/VER28/03-25

6.4

6.4.1

6.4.2

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

c.

historical patterns of production, consumption and supply, including seasonality, growth, market concentration in the production chain, domestic or international export focus and logistics;

d.

extent of distribution or dispersal of production and consumption of the underlying physical commodity among producers, merchants and consumers;

e.

accepted market practice at the physical commodity market in question, including loading tolerances and delivery of alternative supply under the contract terms;

f.

adequacy, nature and availability of supply of the underlying physical commodity, including an estimate of the deliverable supplies for the delivery month specified in the relevant commodity contract;

g.

movement or flow of the underlying physical commodity;

h.

the liquidity of the underlying physical market;

i.

the spot market pricing system including transparency, availability, reliability and frequency of cash pricing;

j.

price volatility; and

k.

the existence of price controls,