 multiple jurisdictions, is well founded. A well founded legal basis would generally include well defined rights and obligations of the Clearing House, its Members and other users, including its service providers such as custodians and settlement banks, or would provide a mechanism by which such rights and obligations can be ascertained. This would enable the Clearing House to identify and address risks that arise from its operations involving such parties.

3.

A Clearing House should, in order to form clear views about the legally binding nature of its contractual arrangements in the relevant jurisdictions, obtain independent legal opinions as appropriate to its activities. Such legal opinions should, to the extent practicable, confirm the enforceability of the rules and procedures of the Clearing House in the relevant jurisdictions and be made available to the DFSA upon request.

4.

A Clearing House may be conducting its activities in multiple jurisdictions in circumstances such as:

a.

where it operates through linked CCPs, SSSs or CSDs;

b.

where its Members and other participants are incorporated, located, or otherwise conducting business in jurisdictions outside the DIFC; or

c.

where any collateral provided is located or held in a jurisdiction outside the DIFC.

Liquidity risk

(1)

A Clearing House must:

(a)

determine the amount of its minimum liquid resources;

(b)

maintain sufficient liquid resources to be able to effect same-day, intra-day or multi-day settlement, as applicable, of its payment obligations with a high degree of confidence under a wide range of potential stress scenarios;

(c)

ensure that all resources held for the purposes of meeting its minimum liquid resource requirement are available when needed;

(d)

have a well-documented rationale to support the amount and form of total liquid resources it maintains for the purposes of (b) and (c); and

(e)

have appropriate arrangements in order to be able to maintain, on an on-going basis, such amount and form of its total liquid resources.

75

AMI/VER28/03-25

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTITUTIONS (AMI)

(2)

A Clearing House must have a robust framework for managing its liquidity risks. Such a framework must enable it to manage liquidity risks arising from its Members and other participants on its facilities, and any other involved parties, such as settlement banks, custodian banks, liquidity providers (“Members and other involved parties”). For that purpose, the framework must, at a minimum, include:

(a)

rules and procedures that:

(i)

enable it to meet its payment obligations on time following any individual or combined default of its Members and other involved parties; and

(ii)

address unforeseen and potentially uncovered liquidity shortfalls to avoid unwinding, revoking, or delaying the settlement of its payment obligations arising under the same-day, intraday or multiday settlement obligations, as applicable;

(b)

effective operational and analytical tools to identify, measure and monitor its settlement and funding flows on an on-going and timely basis; and

(c)

rigorous due diligence procedures relating to its liquidity providers to obtain a high degree of confidence that each provider (whether the provider is a Member or other participant using its facilities or an external party) has:

(i)

sufficient information to assess, understand and manage its own liquidity risks; and

(ii)

the capacity commitment.

to perform as

required under

their

(3)

A Clearing House must regularly:

(a)

review the adequacy of the amount of its minimum liquid resources as determined in accordance with (1);

(b)

test the sufficiency of its liquid resources maintained to meet the relevant amount through rigorous stress testing; and

(c)

test its procedures for accessing its liquid resources at a liquidity provider.

Guidance

1.

A Clearing House should be able to effectively measure, monitor, and manage its liquidity risk. Some of the systems, controls and procedures set out under Rule 7.2.3 above to address liquidity risk are also commonly used to address credit risks, and therefore, the same procedures, adjusted as appropriate, can be used for both purposes.

Acceptable types of liquid resources

2.

For the purposes of meeting its minimum liquid resource requirement referred to above, a Clearing House’s qualifying liquid assets/resources may include cash held in appropriate currencies at a central bank in its or other relevant jurisdiction, or at

76

AMI/VER28/03-25

7.2.4

AUTHORISED MARKET INSTIT