 21 August 2014;

(e)

Investment Trust Law Amendment Law, DIFC Law No. 3 of 2021 on 3 March 2021; and

(f)

DIFC Laws Amendment Law, DIFC Law No. 5 of 2022 on 13 October 2022.

PART 1: GENERAL

1.

Title

This Law may be cited as the “Investment Trust Law 2006”.

2.

Legislative authority

This Law is made by the Ruler of Dubai.

3.

Application of the Law

This Law applies in the jurisdiction of the Dubai International Financial Centre.

4.

Date of Enactment

This Law is enacted on the date specified in the Enactment Notice in respect of this Law.

5.

Commencement

This Law comes into force on the date specified in the Enactment Notice in respect of this Law.

6.

Interpretation

The Schedule contains interpretative provisions and a list of defined terms used in this Law.

7.

Application of other Laws

(1)

Subject to (2), if any provisions of this Law conflict with the provisions of any other law, the provisions of this Law prevail, unless otherwise provided.

(2)

The provisions of the Collective Investment Law 2010 prevail over the provisions of this Law, unless otherwise provided either in this Law or in the Collective Investment Law 2010.

(3)

The Trust Law 2018 does not apply to a person in respect of an express trust created under this Law.

8.

Administration of this Law

This Law and any legislation made for the purposes of this Law is administered by the DFSA.

9.

The power of the DFSA to make Rules

(1)

The DFSA Board of Directors may make Rules for the purposes of this Law pursuant to the power conferred upon it under Article 23 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

(2) Where any legislation made under this Law purports to be made in the exercise of a particular power or powers, it shall be taken also to be made in the exercise of all powers under which it may be made.

1

10.

Consultation

The DFSA shall publish draft Rules in the manner prescribed under Article 24 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

11. Waivers and Modifications of the Rules

The DFSA may by written notice provide that one or more provisions of the Rules either:

(a)

shall not apply in relation to a person; or

(b)

shall apply to a person with such modifications as set out in the written notice,

as provided for in Article 25 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

2

PART 2: CREATION, ALTERATION AND TERMINATION OF AN INVESTMENT TRUST

12.

General prohibition

(1)

A person shall not enter into an agreement to create a trust for collective investment purposes unless it is an agreement of the kind referred to in Article 13.

(2)

A person proposing to act as the Trustee does not breach the prohibition in (1) merely by entering into a Trust Deed for the creation of an Investment Trust prior to obtaining a Licence with the appropriate authorisations referred to in Article 18. However, that person must not carry out any functions under the Trust Deed prior to obtaining that Licence.

13.

Creation of an Investment Trust

(1)

An Investment Trust shall be created by a Trust Deed entered into between:

(a)

a person who meets the requirements to be a Fund Manager under Article 20(1) (a) or (b) of the Collective Investment Law 2010 and the rules made for the purposes of that law; and

(b)

a person who meets the requirements to be a Trustee under Article 18 of this Law.

(2)

An Investment Trust shall be formed solely for collective investment purposes as defined in Article 11 of the Collective Investment Law 2010. Consequently, an Investment Trust created for the purposes of this Law is a Collective Investment Fund for the purposes of the Collective Investment Law 2010.

(3)

The Trust Deed shall:

(a)

meet all the requirements that apply in respect of the Constitution of a Fund under the Collective Investment Law 2010 and the rules made for the purposes of that law;

(b)

set out clearly whether the Trustee is to provide the oversight function relating to the Investment Trust;

(c)

confer on the Trustee