 collective investment purposes as defined in Article 11 of the Collective Investment Law 2010. Consequently, an Investment Trust created for the purposes of this Law is a Collective Investment Fund for the purposes of the Collective Investment Law 2010.

(3)

The Trust Deed shall:

(a)

meet all the requirements that apply in respect of the Constitution of a Fund under the Collective Investment Law 2010 and the rules made for the purposes of that law;

(b)

set out clearly whether the Trustee is to provide the oversight function relating to the Investment Trust;

(c)

confer on the Trustee all the powers that are necessary for the Trustee to discharge all its duties and perform all its functions under this Law and the Collective Investment Law 2010 and the rules made for the purposes of those laws; and

(d)

not contain any provision which conflicts with the requirements in the Collective Investment Law 2010 and rules made for the purposes of that law.

14.

Effect and validity of the Trust Deed

(1)

The provisions of the Trust Deed are binding on the persons who become Unitholders of the Investment Trust, as if they were a party to the Trust Deed.

(2)

Any provision of a Trust Deed, which is inconsistent with this Law, the Collective Investment Law 2010 or rules made for the purposes of these laws, shall be void.

3

15.

16.

Alteration to a Trust Deed

The terms of Trust Deed may be altered in accordance with the requirements in Article 35 of the Collective Investment Law 2010 and the rules made for the purposes of that Part.

Termination of an Investment Trust

An Investment Trust may be terminated in accordance with the requirements in Part 8 of the Collective Investment Law 2010 and the rules made for the purposes of that Part.

4

PART 3: EFFECT OF AN INVESTMENT TRUST

17.

Unitholder liability

(1)

The Unitholders of an Investment Trust created under this Law are not liable for any debts or other liabilities incurred by or in respect of the Investment Trust except to the extent of any amount outstanding for the payment of the Units or interests in the Units at the price at which the Unitholder agreed to acquire the Units or interest in the Units.

(2)

No action shall be brought by any person against a Unitholder for any debts or other liabilities of, or in respect of, an Investment Trust or any actions or omissions of the Trustee or Fund Manager except to the extent provided above.

5

PART 4: TRUSTEE REQUIREMENTS

18.

Trustee requirements

A person meets the requirements to be a Trustee only if that person is:

(a)

a person specified in Article 21(1) of the Collective Investment Law 2010; and;

(b)

independent of the Fund Manager as provided in Article 19.

19.

Independence of the Trustee

The Trustee is not independent of the Fund Manager for the purposes of Article 18(b) if:

(a)

the Fund Manager or the Trustee holds, or exercise voting rights in respect of, any shares of the other;

(b)

the Fund Manager and the Trustee have a common holding company or a common ultimate holding company;

(c)

the Fund Manager or the Trustee have directors on its Governing Body, who are also directors of the other;

(d)

the Fund Manager or the Trustee has individuals performing Licensed Functions who are also individuals performing Licensed Functions for the other; or

(e)

the Fund Manager and the Trustee have been involved in the previous 2 years in any professional or material business dealings, other than acting as Fund Manager or Trustee respectively of any other Fund.

6

PART 5: DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE TRUSTEE

20.

General duties of the Trustee and its officers, employees and agents

(1)

A Trustee shall, when exercising its powers and carrying out its duties:

(a)

act honestly;

(b)

exercise the degree of care and diligence that a reasonable person would exercise in the position of a Trustee;

(c)

act in the best interests of the Unitholders and, if there is a conflict between the Unitholders’ interests and its own interests, give priority to the Unitholders’ interests;

(d)

not improperly make use of information acquired through being the Trustee in order to:

(i)

