 Trust or out of the operation of an Investment Trust.

13

PART 9: MISCELLANEOUS

30.

Fees

The DFSA may make Rules providing for the payment of fees to the DFSA as provided for in Article 16 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

14

1.

2.

SCHEDULE INTERPRETATION

Rules of interpretation

(1)

In this Law, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to:

(a)

a statutory provision includes a reference to the statutory provision as amended or re-enacted from time to time;

(b)

a person includes any natural person, body corporate or body unincorporated, including a company, partnership, unincorporated association, government or state;

(c)

unless stated otherwise, a day means a calendar day. If an obligation falls on a calendar day which is either a Saturday or Sunday or an official State holiday in the DIFC, the obligation shall take effect on the next calendar day which is a business day;

(d)

a calendar year shall mean a year of the Gregorian calendar; and

(e)

the masculine gender includes the feminine.

(2)

The headings in the Law shall not affect its interpretation.

Legislation in the DIFC

References to legislation and Guidance in the Law shall be construed in accordance with the following provisions:

(a)

Federal Law is law made by the federal government of the State;

(b)

Dubai Law is law made by the Ruler, as applicable in the Emirate of Dubai;

(c)

DIFC Law is law made by the Ruler (including, by way of example, the Law), as applicable in the DIFC;

(d)

the Rules are legislation made by the DFSA for the purpose of this Law and are binding in nature;

(e)

Guidance in the Rules is indicative and non-binding and may comprise (i) guidance made and issued by the Chief Executive as notations to the Rules; and (ii) any standard or code of practice issued by the DFSA Board of Directors which has not been incorporated into the Rules; and

(f)

references to “legislation administered by the DFSA” are references to DIFC Law and rules conferring functions and powers on the DFSA.

15

3.

Defined Terms

In this Law, unless the context indicates otherwise, the defined terms listed below shall have the corresponding meanings:

Terms

Definitions

Authorised Firm

a person who holds a Licence to carry on one or more Financial Services prescribed pursuant to Article 42(1) of the Regulatory Law 2004, as an Authorised Firm.

Collective Investment Fund Constitution Court DFSA DFSA Board of Directors

DIFC Financial Markets Tribunal

Financial Service

FMT Fund Governing Body

has the meaning given in the Collective Investment Law 2010.

has the meaning given in the Collective Investment Law 2010 the DIFC Court as established under Dubai Law. the Dubai Financial Services Authority. the governing body of the DFSA established under Chapter 2 of Part 2 of the Regulatory Law 2004. the Dubai International Financial Centre. the Financial Markets Tribunal referred to in Article 26 of the Regulatory Law 2004. is a financial activity prescribed in GEN section 2.2 of the DFSA Rulebook. the Financial Markets Tribunal a Collective Investment Fund. a person who is, or a body of persons who together form the directing mind of a Fund including but not limited to:

a)

its Fund Manager, a member of its main or supervisory board, a General Partner; or

b)

any other person or body of persons exercising equivalent powers and functions in relation to directing the operation of a Fund.

Investment Trust

Law Licence

Fund Manager

Prospectus

Ruler Special Resolution Trustee

Trust Deed State Unit

an express trust created solely for collective investment purposes as provided under Article 12 of this Law. the Investment Trust Law 2006. a licence granted by the DFSA under Chapter 2 of Part 3 of the Regulatory Law 2004. the person, described under Article 20(4) of the Collective Investment Law 2010. a document containing such information as prescribed under the Collective Investment Law 2010 and rules made for the purposes of that law. the ruler of the Emirate of Dubai. has the meaning given in the Collective Investment Law 2010. a person who is appointed as