)

prima facie evidence of the relevant finding of fact.

32. Enforcement

(1)

A person commits a contravention if that person, without reasonable excuse:

(a)

fails to comply with a lawful order, notice, prohibition or requirement of the FMT;

(b)

having been lawfully required by the FMT to attend before it, does not attend or leaves the place where his attendance is so required without the permission of the FMT;

(c)

hinders or deters any person from attending before the FMT, giving evidence or producing any item, record or document, for the purposes of any reference or other proceeding;

(d)

threatens or causes any loss to be suffered by any person who has attended before the FMT, on account of such attendance;

(e)

threatens or causes any loss to be suffered by any member of the FMT or any person assisting the FMT at any time; or

(f)

engages in conduct, including without limitation the:

(i)

destruction of documents; or

(ii)

giving of information that is false or misleading;

that is intended to obstruct the FMT in the exercise of any of its powers.

(2) Without limiting the application of Article 32(3), where a person commits a contravention under Article 32(1), the FMT may make one or more orders imposing a fine on the person of such amount as it considers appropriate, censuring the person, requiring the person to effect restitution or compensation, requiring the person to cease and desist from such activity as the FMT may stipulate, or requiring the person to do any other act or thing.

(3) Where a person fails to comply with a decision, lawful order, notice, prohibition or requirement of the FMT, or fails to pay a fine lawfully imposed by the FMT, the Court may, on application of:

(a)

the FMT; or

(b)

any party to the reference or other proceeding, including the DFSA;

make any order as it thinks fit to enforce such decision, order, notice, prohibition, requirement or fine.

21

33. Appeal from a decision of the FMT

(1)

A party to a reference or other proceeding may, with the permission of the FMT or the Court, appeal a decision of the FMT to the Court only on a point of law.

(2)

In this Article:

(a)

“permission” means, in the first instance, permission of the FMT and where this is denied, permission of the Court; and

(b)

“a party” includes the DFSA.

34.

Savings and Transitional

(1)

For the purposes of this Article:

(a)

“previous Law” means the Regulatory Law 2004 as it was in force immediately prior to the commencement of the DIFC Laws Amendment Law No. 1 of 2014; and

(b)

“current Law” means the provisions of this Law that came into force under the DIFC Laws Amendment Law No. 1 of 2014, as amended from time to time.

(2)

The Financial Markets Tribunal that was established under the previous Law continues as if it had been established under the current Law including, without limitation, any appointment made under the previous Law which if subsisting at the commencement of the current Law shall continue as if made under the current Law.

(3)

The Regulatory Appeals Committee that was established under the previous Law continues only for the purposes of Article 34(5).

(4)

Except as provided in Article 34(5) and (6):

(a)

anything done or omitted to be done under or for the purposes of the previous Law, including a contravention, is deemed to be done or omitted to be done under or for the purposes of the current Law; and

(b)

nothing in the current Law affects:

(i)

any right, privilege, remedy, obligation or liability accrued to or incurred by a person under the previous Law; or

(ii)

any legal or administrative proceeding commenced or to be commenced in respect of such a right, privilege, remedy, obligation or liability.

investigation or

(5)

Any proceeding instituted in the Financial Markets Tribunal or the Regulatory Appeals Committee under the previous Law shall continue under the previous

22

Law, and for that purpose, the provisions in Chapters 4 and 5 of Part 2 of the previous Law shall continue in