 referred to in Article 68A(4).

(6)

For the avoidance of doubt, to qualify for protection under this Article it is not necessary for a person who discloses information to identify himself when making the disclosure.

49

(7)

Nothing in this Article limits any other protection provided under this Law to a person who provides information to the DFSA or to any other person referred to in Article 68A(3).

69. Compliance with an order or requirement of the DFSA

Where the DFSA makes an order, issues a direction or prohibition, or makes any requirement in relation to a person pursuant to a provision of this Law or Rules or legislation administered by the DFSA, such person must, unless he has a reasonable excuse, comply with such order, direction, prohibition or requirement.

CHAPTER 2 – ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING COMPLIANCE

70.

Jurisdiction

(1)

This chapter is made in recognition of the application in the DIFC of Federal Law No. 20 of 2018 on Anti-Money Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism and Illegal Organisations, Federal Law No. 7 of 2014 on Combating Terrorism Offences and any other Federal legislation relating to money laundering, terrorist financing, the financing of unlawful organisations, proliferation financing or sanctions non-compliance.

(2)

A reference in this chapter to:

(a) any law or legislation includes any implementing regulation or other

instrument made by or under the law or legislation; and

(b) money laundering is taken to include terrorist financing, the financing of unlawful organisations, proliferation financing and sanctions non- compliance.

(3)

The DFSA has, in respect of Relevant Persons, jurisdiction for regulation in relation to money laundering in the DIFC and the DFSA is the relevant authority that licenses and supervises Relevant Persons in the DIFC for the purposes of the Federal Anti-Money Laundering Legislation.

(4)

Nothing in (3) is intended to limit any function or power conferred on another body or authority under the Federal Anti-Money Laundering Legislation.

(5)

In this Part, a “Relevant Person” means:

(a)

an Authorised Person;

(b)

a Registered Auditor;

(c)

a Designated Non-Financial Business or Profession (DNFBP); or

(d)

an officer, employee or agent of a person referred to in (a), (b) or (c).

50

71. Obligations

(1)

A Relevant Person shall comply with Federal Anti-Money Laundering Legislation as it applies to such person in the DIFC.

(2)

A Relevant Person shall comply with any duty, requirement, prohibition, obligation or responsibility to which that person is subject under the Rules.

(3) Where the DFSA detects conduct which it suspects may relate to money laundering, it shall advise the relevant authority exercising powers and performing functions under the relevant Federal Anti-Money Laundering Legislation without undue delay.

(4)

A Relevant Person shall conduct customer due diligence in the circumstances prescribed by the Rules.

(5)

A Relevant Person shall maintain such records relating to customer due diligence, transactions and anti-money laundering measures as are prescribed by the Rules.

71A. DNFBP Prohibition

(1)

A person who is a DNFBP shall not carry on any activities in or from the DIFC unless that person is registered by the DFSA as a DNFBP.

(2)

The DFSA shall make Rules prescribing the class of persons who are DNFBPs.

71B. Criteria for Registration of a DNFBP

(1)

The DFSA shall make Rules setting out the criteria a person must meet to become and remain registered by the DFSA as a DNFBP. The Rules may, without limiting the generality of that power, include criteria related to:

(a) the fitness and propriety of the person; and

(b) its resources and arrangements for complying with Anti-Money

Laundering Legislation.

(2)

The DFSA may make Rules providing that certain types of person may not be granted DNFBP registration.

71C. Application for Registration

(1)

A person may apply in the prescribed form to the DFSA to be registered as a DNFBP.

(2)

The DFSA may require the applicant to provide additional information or documents reasonably required for the DFSA to be able to determine