 as the other person commits a contravention and is liable to be proceeded against and dealt with accordingly.

(2)

If an officer of a body corporate is knowingly concerned in a contravention of the Law or Rules or other legislation administered by the DFSA committed by a body corporate, the officer as well as the body corporate commits a contravention and is liable to be proceeded against and dealt with accordingly.

(3)

If the affairs of a body corporate are managed by its members, Article 86(2) applies in relation to the acts and defaults of a member in connection with his functions of management as if he were a director of the body corporate.

(4)

If a partner (or a person purporting to act as a partner) is knowingly concerned in a contravention of the Law or Rules or other legislation administered by the DFSA committed by a partnership or by all or some of its constituent partners, he as well as the partnership or its constituent partners as the case may be commits a contravention and is liable to be proceeded against and dealt with accordingly.

82

(5)

If an officer of an unincorporated association (other than a partnership) or a member of its governing body is knowingly concerned in a contravention of the Law or Rules or other legislation administered by the DFSA committed by the association, that officer or member as well as the association commits a contravention and is liable to be proceeded against and dealt with accordingly.

(6)

For the purposes of Article 86, "officer" means a director, member of a committee of management, chief executive, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate or association, or a person purporting to act in such capacity, and an individual who is a controller of the body.

(7)

For the purposes of Article 86, a person is ‘knowingly concerned’ in a contravention if, and only if, the person

(a)

has aided, abetted, counselled or procured the contravention;

(b)

has induced, whether by threats or promises or otherwise, the contravention;

(c)

has in any way, by act or omission, directly or indirectly, been knowingly involved in or been party to, the contravention; or

(d)

has conspired with another or others to effect the contravention.

(8)

In Article 86, ‘person’ does not include the DFSA or President.

87. DELETED

83

PART 7: ENFORCEMENT

88. DELETED

89. Enforceable Undertakings

(1)

The DFSA may accept a written undertaking given by a person which the DFSA considers necessary or desirable in the pursuit of its objectives.

(2)

The person may withdraw or vary the undertaking at any time, but only with the consent of the DFSA.

(3)

If the DFSA considers that the person who gave the undertaking has been in breach of any of its terms, it may apply to the Court for an order under Article 89(4).

(4)

If the Court is satisfied that the person has been in breach of a term of the undertaking, the Court may make all or any of the following orders:

(a)

an order directing the person to comply with that term of the undertaking;

(b)

an order directing the person to pay to any person or to the DFSA an amount up to the amount of any financial benefit that the person has obtained directly or indirectly and that is reasonably attributable to the breach;

(c)

any order that the Court considers appropriate directing the person to compensate any other person who has suffered loss or damage as a result of the breach; or

(d)

any other order that the Court considers appropriate.

90.

Sanctions and directions

(1) Where the DFSA considers that a person has contravened a provision of any legislation administered by the DFSA, other than in relation to Article 32, the DFSA may exercise one or more of the powers in Article 90(2) in respect of that person.

(2)

For the purposes of Article 90(1) the DFSA may:

(a)

fine the person such amount as it considers appropriate in respect of the contravention;

(b)

censure the person in respect of the contravention;

(c)

make a direction requiring the person to effect restitution or compensate any other person in