 all reasonable steps to ensure that any person who is providing or has provided services to the Authorised Person shall provide all such assistance as the appointed person may reasonably require.

(5)

Subject to Article 74(6), information given or a document produced as a result of the exercise by the DFSA of powers under this Article is admissible in evidence in any proceedings, provided that any such information or document also complies with any requirements relating to the admissibility of evidence in such proceedings.

(6)

The DFSA shall not disclose a statement made by a person in a report made pursuant to a requirement made of the person under Article 74(1) or (2) to any law enforcement agency for the purpose of criminal proceedings against the person unless:

(a)

the person consents to the disclosure; or

(b)

the DFSA is required by law or court order to disclose the statement.

(7)

The procedures in Schedule 3 apply to a decision of the DFSA under Article 74 (1) or (2).

(8)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under Article 74 (1) or (2), the person may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

Imposing Prohibitions or Restrictions on Business

(1)

Subject to Article 77, the DFSA may impose any one or more of the following prohibitions or requirements:

(a)

a prohibition on an Authorised Person from:

(i)

entering into certain specified transactions or types of transaction;

(ii)

soliciting business from certain specified persons or types of person;

(iii)

carrying on business in a specified manner or other than in a specified manner;

55

(iv)

using a particular name or description in respect of the Authorised Person; or

(v)

using a particular name for a Fund or a sub-fund of a Fund; or

(b)

a requirement that an Authorised Person carry on business in, and only in, a specified manner.

(2)

The prohibitions or requirements in Article 75(1) may be imposed on the Fund Manager in relation to the management of a Fund or on the Fund itself, even where the Fund has no legal personality.

(3)

The procedures in Schedule 3 apply to a decision of the DFSA under Article 75(1).

(4)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under Article 75(1), the Authorised Person may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

75A. Power to issue directions for prudential purposes

(1)

For prudential purposes, the DFSA may direct that a particular Authorised Firm or Authorised Firms within a specified class:

(a)

comply with any specified additional capital or liquidity requirements;

(b)

apply a specific provisioning policy or treatment of specified assets;

(c)

comply with specified limits on material risk exposures;

(d)

comply with specified limits on exposures to related parties;

(e)

meet additional or more frequent reporting requirements; or

(f)

take such other action as is specified in the direction.

(2)

The DFSA may direct an Affiliate of an Authorised Person to take specified steps or not to carry out specified activities if the DFSA:

(a)

is the consolidated supervisor of the Group to which the Authorised Person belongs; and

(b)

is satisfied that the direction is necessary or desirable for the purposes of the effective prudential supervision of the Group on a consolidated basis.

(3)

A direction to an Affiliate under Article 75A(2) may include a requirement that the Affiliate:

(a)

limit any activities it undertakes or may undertake (including closing any office that is outside the jurisdiction in which it has its principal place of business and head office) if the activities are reasonably likely to expose the Authorised Person or its Group to excessive risks or risks that are not properly managed; or

56

(b)

take such other measures as are necessary to remove any impediments to effective supervision of the group on a consolidated basis, including a direction to take steps to restructure the Group.

(4)

Nothing in this Article limits the scope or application of any other power that the DFSA may have in legislation administered by the DFSA.

(5)

A direction issued under this Article comes into force on the date specified in the notice and remains in force, subject to Article 75A(7), until it is revoked or varied in writing by