(b) of this Law.

means:

(a) an Authorised Person;

(b) a Registered Auditor; or

(c) a DNFBP.

has the meaning given in Article 70 (5) of the Law.

has the meaning given to that term in Article 3 of the Schedule to the Markets Law 2012.

the process of resolving an Authorised Firm, including the stabilisation and restructuring of the Authorised Firm through the exercise or application of one or more Resolution Powers or Resolution Tools.

a body or authority established in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC that exercises powers or performs functions relating to the Recovery or Resolution of persons providing financial services.

the conditions referred to in Article 84K.

the powers referred to in Article 84N.

the plan referred to in Article 84E.

the safeguards referred to in Article 84R.

the Sale of Business Tool or the Bail-In Tool referred to in Articles 84O and 84P respectively.

115

Term

Resolvability

Resolvability Assessment

Ruler

Rules

Sale of Business Tool

Schedule

Special Resolution

State

Subsidiary

Temporary Administrator

Token

Trustee

Unitholder

Write Down or Conversion Power

Definition

the ability of an Authorised Firm to be resolved by an orderly Resolution.

an assessment made under Article 84F.

the ruler of the Emirate of Dubai.

has the meaning given in Article 2 of Schedule 1 to the Law.

the tool referred to in Articles 84N(1)(h) and 84O.

a schedule to the Law.

has the meaning given in Article 3 of Schedule 1 to the Collective Investment Law 2010.

United Arab Emirates.

a subsidiary as defined in Schedule 1 to the Companies Law.

a Temporary Administrator appointed by the DFSA under Article 84Q.

A digital representation of value, rights or obligations, which may be issued, transferred and stored electronically, using Distributed Ledger Technology or other similar technology.

cryptographically

secured

a Trustee within the meaning of the Investment Trust Law 2006 and the Collective Investment Law 2010.

has the meaning given in Article 3 of Schedule 1 to the Collective Investment Law 2010.

the power referred to in Article 84N(1)(e) to write down or convert any instrument or liability.

116

SCHEDULE 2 THE DFSA

The constitutional terms of the DFSA

The DFSA is a body corporate established under Dubai Law.

The DFSA shall have its own constitutional provisions, which shall incorporate the following provisions of Schedule 2, and which shall not be inconsistent with these provisions:

(a)

the full legal title of the DFSA shall be "The Dubai Financial Services Authority";

(b)

the full legal title of the DFSA may be abbreviated in common usage to "DFSA";

(c)

the registered office of the DFSA is to be situated in the Emirate of Dubai;

(d)

the DFSA may acquire, hold and dispose of property of any description;

(e)

the DFSA may make contracts and other agreements;

(f)

the DFSA may receive and spend monies;

(g)

the DFSA may, with the prior written consent of the President, borrow monies and provide security for such borrowings;

(h)

the DFSA may agree in writing with the President an amount of unsecured borrowing below which the prior written consent of the President is not required;

(i)

the DFSA may employ persons on such terms as it considers appropriate;

(j)

the DFSA shall appoint and employ such persons as it shall deem necessary for it to be able to exercise its powers and perform its functions; and

(k)

the DFSA may sue and be sued in its own name.

117

1.

2.

3.

4.

SCHEDULE 3 DECISION-MAKING PROCEDURES

Interpretation

For the purposes of this Schedule:

“Relevant Person” means a person in relation to whom a power is exercised or proposed to be exercised.

Application of Schedule

This Schedule applies to the DFSA, subject to paragraph 3, where a provision in legislation administered by the DFSA requires the DFSA to make a decision in accordance with the procedures in this Schedule.

Decisions to which procedures do not apply

(1)

The procedures in this Schedule (other than sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph) do not apply to a