 grounds and apply for the issue of a warrant to search the premises for that information or those documents.

(3)

On considering such application and information on oath referred to in Article 84(2), the Court may issue a warrant authorising a named Dubai Police Officer, together with any other person so named in the warrant whether of the DFSA or otherwise, with such assistance and by such force as is necessary and reasonable, to enter into the premises, to search the premises, to break open and search anything (whether a fixture or not) in or on the premises, and to take possession of or secure information or documents that appear to be any or all of the information or documents not given or produced pursuant to the requirement of the DFSA.

(4)

A warrant issued under Article 84(3) must specify the premises and information or documents referred to in Article 84(2), and state whether entry is authorised to be made at any time of the day or night or only during specified hours, and state that the warrant ceases to have effect on a specified day that is not more than 7 days after the date of the issue of the warrant.

65

PART 5A: RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION

CHAPTER 1 – GENERAL

84A. Application

(1)

This Part applies in relation to:

(a)

an Authorised Firm of a class prescribed by the DFSA; and

(b)

where specified, an entity in a Group to which an Authorised Firm referred to in (a) belongs.

(2)

An Authorised Firm does not cease to be an Authorised Firm or an Authorised Firm of a particular class for the purposes of this Part merely because it ceases to:

(a)

hold a licence to carry on a Financial Service; or

(b)

carry on a Financial Service,

as a result of a resolution action.

84B. Other powers not limited

Nothing in this Part limits the scope or application of any other provision in this Law or any other legislation administered by the DFSA.

84C. Rules for the purposes of this Part

The DFSA may make Rules for the purposes of this Part, including Rules relating to:

(a) the class of Authorised Firms to whom this Part applies;

(b) Recovery or Resolution Plans;

(c) Resolvability Assessments;

(d) the holding and maintenance of Loss Absorbing Capacity;

(e) the Resolution Powers and Resolution Tools;

(f) the appointment of independent valuers and the valuations required under this Part;

(g) the recognition of resolution action taken in other jurisdictions;

(h) the effect of action taken under this Part on provisions in agreements or contracts;

(i) the notification of events relevant to the DFSA’s exercise of its powers under this Part;

(j) the conditions and procedures relating to the DFSA exercising any powers under this

Part; and

66

(k) any other matter necessary or incidental to give effect to this Part.

CHAPTER 2 – RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION PLANNING

84D. Recovery Plans

(1)

This Article applies to an Authorised Firm which:

(a)

is of a class prescribed in the Rules as requiring a Recovery Plan; or

(b)

is not included in a class prescribed under (a), but has been given written notice by the DFSA that it must prepare a Recovery Plan.

(2)

An Authorised Firm must prepare and submit to the DFSA for review a plan setting out the measures to be taken to restore the financial position of the Authorised Firm (or one or more entities in its Group) in the event of a serious deterioration of the Authorised Firm’s financial position (the “Recovery Plan”).

(3)

The Recovery Plan must be in writing and set out such information as may be prescribed in the Rules.

(4)

The DFSA may, by written notice given to the Authorised Firm, require it to prepare and provide to the DFSA such information as the DFSA considers reasonably necessary for it to assess the adequacy of the Authorised Firm’s Recovery Plan.

(5)

If the DFSA is not satisfied with an Authorised Firm’s Recovery Plan it may, by written notice, require the Authorised Firm to take measures to rectify any deficiencies in the Recovery Plan and provide the rectified Recovery Plan to the DFSA.

(6)

An Authorised Firm must review and update its Recovery Plan and submit the updated Recovery Plan to the DF