 such documents by the end of a reasonable period and at a place specified in the notice.

(6)

The DFSA may exercise its powers under Article 80(1) in respect of any person within, or outside of, the DIFC provided that, if the person is outside the DIFC and is not a Regulated Person, the DFSA shall either:

(a)

use any arrangements it has with a regulatory authority in the jurisdiction in which the person is resident or domiciled, or the premises are located, to assist it to exercise the power; or

(b)

apply to the Court for an order compelling the person to provide the information, produce or procure the production of the documents, or answer questions, or permitting the DFSA to enter the premises of that person.

(7)

In Article 80(6), a Regulated Person means an Authorised Person, DNFBP, Fund, Auditor, Reporting Entity or any director, officer, employee or agent of such person.

80A. Use and effect of Information and Documents obtained for an Investigation

(1)

Subject to Article 80A(2), information given or documents produced as a result of the exercise by the DFSA of powers under Article 80 is admissible in evidence in any proceedings, provided that any such information or document also complies with any requirements relating to the admissibility of evidence in such proceedings.

(2)

The DFSA shall not disclose a statement made by a person in answer to any question asked pursuant to a requirement made of the person under Article 80(1)(d) to any law enforcement agency for the purpose of criminal proceedings against the person unless:

(a)

the person consents to the disclosure; or

(b)

the DFSA is required by law or court order to disclose the statement.

(3)

The DFSA may retain possession of any information and documents given to it pursuant to a requirement made under Article 80(1) for so long as is necessary:

(a)

for the purposes of the investigation to which the notice relates;

(b)

for a decision to be made about whether or not a proceeding to which the information or documents would be relevant should be commenced; or

(c)

for such a proceeding to be completed.

(4)

A person is not entitled to claim a lien on any documents as a basis for failing to comply with a requirement made under Article 80(1), but any lien is not otherwise prejudiced.

62

(5) Where a person is unable to produce information or documents in compliance with a requirement made under Article 80(1), the DFSA may require the person to state, to the best of that person’s knowledge or belief, where the information or documents may be found and who last had possession, custody or control of the information or documents.

(6) Where the DFSA considers that, if disclosed, the fact of the issuing of a notice

requiring a person to:

(a)

produce documents;

(b)

give information;

(c)

attend a compulsory interview; or

(d)

give assistance;

may hinder the investigation to which it relates, the DFSA may direct a person who receives a notice under Article 80(1) not to disclose the receipt of a notice or any information relating to compliance therewith to any other person, other than his legal representative under a duty of confidentiality.

CHAPTER 3 – COMPLIANCE WITH REQUIREMENTS OF THE DFSA

81. Liabilities for Provision of Information or Documents to the DFSA

Without limiting the generality of any provision of Articles 67 and 68, a person is neither liable to a proceeding, nor subject to a liability, merely because the person has complied, or proposes to comply, with a requirement made, or purporting to have been made, under any provision of this Part for inspection of, copying of, giving of or production of, information or documents.

82.

Self-Incrimination and Privileges

(1)

Subject to Article 82(2), it is not a reasonable excuse for a person to refuse or fail to:

(a)

permit inspection and copying of any information or document;

(b)

give or produce, or procure the giving or production of, any information or document; or

(c)

answer questions;

pursuant to any requirement under Articles 73, 74 or 80 of this Law or Article 69 of the Collective Investment Law 2006 on the