 grant a person who is a DNFBP a commercial licence to operate in the DIFC until the DFSA has confirmed to the Registrar that it intends to register the person as a DNFBP.

(2)

The DFSA shall as soon as practicable notify the DIFC Registrar of Companies if it suspends or withdraws the registration of a DNFBP.

(3)

The DIFC Registrar of Companies shall as soon as practicable suspend or withdraw (as the case may be) the commercial licence of the DNFBP if it receives a notification under (2).

72. Rules

The DFSA shall make Rules in connection with the creation and implementation of anti- money laundering measures, policies and procedures, including Rules as to:

(a)

the persons or classes of persons who shall be subject to any such measures, policies and procedures;

(b)

the nature and extent of any duty, requirement, prohibition, obligation or responsibility applicable to such persons; and

(c)

registration of any or all of such persons with the DFSA.

53

PART 5: POWERS OF SUPERVISION AND INVESTIGATION

CHAPTER 1 – POWERS OF SUPERVISION

73.

Powers to Obtain Information

(1)

The DFSA may require an Authorised Person, DNFBP, Domestic Fund, Registered Auditor or any director, officer, employee or agent of such person by written notice to:

(a)

give, or procure the giving of, such specified information; or

(b)

produce, or procure the production of, such specified documents;

to the DFSA as the DFSA considers necessary or desirable to meet the objectives of the DFSA.

(2)

The DFSA may require any Authorised Person, Domestic Fund, DNFBP or Registered Auditor to allow the DFSA to enter its premises during normal business hours or at any other time as may be agreed for the purpose of inspecting and copying information or documents stored in any form on such premises, as it considers necessary or desirable to meet the objectives of the DFSA.

(3)

The DFSA may exercise its powers under this Article 73 in respect of any person specified in Article 73(1) or (2) within, or outside of, the DIFC.

(4)

Information given or a document produced as a result of the exercise by the DFSA of powers under this Article is admissible in evidence in any proceedings, provided that any such information or document also complies with any requirements relating to the admissibility of evidence in such proceedings.

74. Requirement to Provide a Report

(1)

The DFSA may require, in such manner and in such form as it may prescribe in the Rules, an Authorised Person to provide the DFSA with a report on any matter about which the DFSA has required or could require the giving of information or production of documents under Article 73.

(2)

The DFSA may require, at such frequency and in such manner and in such form as it may prescribe in the Rules, an Authorised Market Institution to provide the DFSA with a report or reports relating to the conduct of or the performance of the regulatory functions of an Authorised Market Institution, including but not limited to a report or reports addressing:

(a)

ongoing compliance of the Authorised Market Institution with the terms of its Licence;

(b)

complaints received and dealt with and disciplinary matters arising and dealt with;

54

75.

(c)

adequacy and performance of systems and controls; or

(d)

financial matters concerning the operation of the Authorised Market Institution.

(3)

The person appointed to make a report required by Article 74(1) or (2) must be a person nominated or approved by the DFSA.

(4) Where a requirement has been made of an Authorised Person under this Article, it must take all reasonable steps to ensure that any person who is providing or has provided services to the Authorised Person shall provide all such assistance as the appointed person may reasonably require.

(5)

Subject to Article 74(6), information given or a document produced as a result of the exercise by the DFSA of powers under this Article is admissible in evidence in any proceedings, provided that any such information or document also complies with any requirements relating to the admissibility of evidence in such proceedings.

(6)

The DFSA shall not disclose a statement made by a person in a report made pursuant to