 are, so far as is reasonably practicable, to:

(a)

review and, where appropriate, submit draft laws to the President with a recommendation that they be approved and enacted;

(b)

review and, where appropriate, approve and make Rules;

9

(c)

review and, where appropriate, approve and issue standards and codes of practice of the DFSA; and

(d)

make written submissions to the President in relation to legislative matters outside the scope of its own legislative powers.

(3)

Except in respect of the powers and functions set out in Article 20(1)(c) and (d) and Article 20(2), the DFSA Board of Directors may delegate to a committee of the DFSA Board of Directors or to the Chief Executive such of its powers or functions as may appropriately and more efficiently and effectively be exercised or performed by such committee or the Chief Executive.

(4)

The DFSA Board of Directors may act through the Chairman of the DFSA.

21. Chairman of the DFSA and Membership of the DFSA Board of Directors

(1)

The President shall appoint a person to be the Chairman of the DFSA for a fixed term.

(2)

The President may reappoint the Chairman for a further fixed term.

(3)

The Chairman may be dismissed only by the President for just cause in accordance with DIFC Law.

(4)

The President shall appoint persons to be members of the DFSA Board of Directors for fixed terms.

(5)

The President may reappoint a Board Member for a further fixed term.

(6)

A Board Member may be dismissed only by the President for just cause in accordance with DIFC Law and only after consulting the Chairman.

(7)

The Chairman of the DFSA shall be a Board Member and Chairman of the Board.

(8)

The Chief Executive shall be a Board Member but shall not be appointed as Chairman of the DFSA.

(9)

No member of the staff of the Chief Executive shall be appointed as a Board Member.

(10)

For the purposes of determining whether a person may be dismissed for just cause under this Article and Article 22, just cause means inability, incapacity or misbehaviour.

22. The Chief Executive

(1)

The DFSA Board of Directors, by a majority resolution of two thirds of all members of the DFSA Board of Directors, shall appoint a person to be the Chief

10

Executive of the DFSA for a fixed term and may reappoint the Chief Executive of the DFSA for a further fixed term.

(2)

The DFSA Board of Directors, by a majority resolution of two thirds of all members of the DFSA Board of Directors may dismiss the Chief Executive for just cause in accordance with DIFC Law.

(3)

The DFSA Board of Directors shall consult the President prior to appointing, renewing the appointment of or dismissing the Chief Executive.

CHAPTER 3 – RULES

23.

Power to Make Rules

(1)

The DFSA Board of Directors may make Rules in respect of any matters related to the objectives, powers or functions of the DFSA or which facilitate the administration of, or further the purpose of, any law administered by the DFSA. This power shall be exercised by the DFSA Board of Directors.

(2)

In particular, the DFSA Board of Directors when exercising the power in Article 23(1) may make Rules in respect of:

(a)

procedures and requirements in relation to licensing, authorisation and registration;

(b)

levels and types of financial resources to be maintained by particular persons in the DIFC;

(c)

standards of practice and business conduct of persons in dealing with their customers and clients and prospective customers and clients;

(d)

the resolution of disputes;

(e)

the conduct of particular persons in the DIFC;

(f)

the operation of an Authorised Market Institution in the DIFC, including but not limited to:

(i)

notification to and approval by the DFSA of any rules or guidance issued by an Authorised Market Institution;

(ii)

the prescribing of regulatory functions of an Authorised Market Institution; and

(iii)

the conduct of and supervision of any such regulatory function; and

(g)

the conduct of the DFSA and its officers, employees and agents in relation to the exercise of powers and performance of functions,

11

including the exercise of discretionary powers and powers to conduct investigations and hearings.

(3) Where the DF