 sufficient qualifications, experience, and the fitness and propriety necessary to carry out the functions of a Temporary Administrator.

(6)

A Temporary Administrator shall not be treated as a director (formally or de facto) of the Authorised Firm.

(7)

The instrument of appointment shall specify the date on which the appointment takes effect and the period of the appointment, which shall be for an initial period of not more than twelve months and the DFSA may extend that appointment for a further period not exceeding twelve months.

(8)

The instrument of appointment may require the Temporary Administrator to report to the DFSA on any matter specified in the instrument and at the time or at intervals specified in the instrument.

(9)

The instrument of appointment may provide for the DFSA to pay the remuneration and costs of the Temporary Administrator or for the remuneration and costs of the Temporary Administrator to be paid by the Authorised Firm, its Parent or another entity in its Group.

(10)

The DFSA may vary the terms of appointment of a Temporary Administrator.

84R. Resolution Safeguards

76

The DFSA shall, when using a Resolution Power or Resolution Tool with respect to an Authorised Firm, aim to meet the following safeguards:

(a)

no shareholder or creditor shall be worse off under the resolution action than if the Authorised Firm had been wound up under ordinary insolvency proceedings; and

(b)

any other Resolution Safeguards that may be prescribed in the Rules.

84S. Costs of Resolution

(1)

The DFSA may require the Authorised Firm to pay, or recover from the Authorised Firm, any costs of using a Resolution Power or Resolution Tool.

(2) Without limiting (1), the DFSA may recover the costs:

(a)

as a deduction from any consideration paid by a transferee to the Authorised Firm (in the case of a transfer of property under Article 84O(1)(a)), or from the owners of the shares (in the case of a transfer of shares under Article 84O(1)(b)); or

(b)

from the Authorised Firm, as a preferred creditor.

CHAPTER 5 – MISCELLANEOUS

84T. Recognition of resolution actions in other jurisdictions

(1)

Where a Resolution Authority in another jurisdiction notifies the DFSA that it intends to take or has taken resolution action with respect to an entity in that jurisdiction and requests the DFSA to recognise that resolution action, the DFSA may:

(a)

make an order recognising the resolution action;

(b)

make an order recognising part of the resolution action, and refuse to recognise the remainder of it; or

(c)

refuse to recognise the resolution action.

(2) When considering whether to recognise resolution action taken in another jurisdiction, the DFSA shall consider the impact of its decision on financial stability in the DIFC, and in other jurisdictions outside the DIFC (including in the State).

(3)

The DFSA may refuse to recognise resolution action in another jurisdiction, or any part thereof, if it is satisfied that one or more of the following conditions are met:

(a)

the recognition would have an adverse effect on financial stability, the financial services industry in the DIFC or the economy of the State,

77

whether this effect would occur directly or indirectly as a result of the recognition;

(b)

the exercise of a Resolution Power or Resolution Tool by the DFSA, rather than recognition of the resolution action in relation to the entity is necessary to achieve one or more of the DFSA’s objectives with respect to Resolution;

(c)

under the resolution action, creditors (including, in particular, depositors) or shareholders located or payable in the DIFC would not, by reason of being located and payable in the DIFC, receive the same treatment, and have similar legal rights, as creditors (including depositors) or shareholders who are located or payable in the other jurisdiction concerned; or

(d)

the recognition would have a significant detrimental impact on the DIFC or be unlawful under any DIFC Law.

(4) Where the DFSA makes a decision under (1), the DFSA:

(a)

shall record its decision together with the reasons for that decision;

(b)

shall give written notice of the decision to:

(i)

the Resolution Authority in the other jurisdiction;

(ii)

if it considers it necessary, the entity; and

(iii)

if it considers it necessary, any