 transition from the previous law to the current law.

108

1.

2.

SCHEDULE 1 INTERPRETATION

Rules of interpretation

(1)

In the Law, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to:

(a)

a statutory provision includes a reference to the statutory provision as amended or re-enacted from time to time;

(b)

a person includes any natural person, body corporate or body unincorporate, including a company, partnership, unincorporated association, government or state;

(c)

an obligation to publish or cause to be published a particular document shall, unless expressly provided otherwise in the Law, include publishing or causing to be published in printed or electronic form;

(d)

unless stated otherwise, a day means a calendar day. If an obligation falls on a calendar day which is either a Saturday or Sunday or an official State holiday in the DIFC, the obligation shall take effect on the next calendar day which is a business day;

(e)

a calendar year shall mean a year of the Gregorian calendar;

(f)

a reference to the masculine gender includes the feminine; and

(g)

any reference to ‘dollars’ or ‘$’ is a reference to United States Dollars.

(2)

The headings in the Law shall not affect its interpretation.

Legislation in the DIFC

References to legislation and Guidance in the Law shall be construed in accordance with the following provisions:

(a)

Federal Law is law made by the federal government of the State;

(b)

Dubai Law is law made by the Ruler, as applicable in the Emirate of Dubai;

(c)

DIFC Law is law made by the Ruler (including, by way of example, the Law), as applicable in the DIFC;

(d)

the Law is the Regulatory Law, DIFC Law No.1 of 2004 made by the Ruler;

(e)

the Rules are legislation made by the DFSA under the Law and are binding in nature;

109

3.

(f)

Guidance is indicative and non-binding and may comprise (i) guidance made and issued by the Chief Executive as notations to the Rules; and (ii) any standard or code of practice issued by the DFSA Board of Directors which has not been incorporated into the Rules; and

(g)

references to "legislation administered by the DFSA" are references to DIFC Law and Rules conferring functions and powers on the DFSA.

Defined Terms

In the Law, unless the context indicates otherwise, the defined terms listed below shall have the corresponding meanings:

Term

Definition

Means: (a) Federal

Anti-Money

Laundering

Anti-Money Laundering Legislation

(b)

Legislation; and legislation administered by the DFSA relating to money laundering, terrorist financing, the financing of unlawful organisations, proliferation financing and sanctions non-compliance.

Audit Service

has the meaning given to that term in Article 97(d) of this Law.

Auditor

has the meaning given to that term in Article 97(a) of this Law.

Audit Principal

has the meaning given to that term in Article 97(c) of this Law.

Affiliate

in relation to an Authorised Person, means any other entity in the Group to which the Authorised Person belongs.

Authorised Firm

a person who holds a Licence to carry on one or more Financial Services prescribed pursuant to Article 42(1)(a).

Authorised Individual

an individual who has been authorised by the DFSA to perform one or more Licensed Functions for an Authorised Firm.

Authorised Market Institution

a person who is licensed by the DFSA in relation to the carrying on of one or more Financial Services prescribed pursuant to Article 42(1)(b).

Authorised Person

an Authorised Firm or an Authorised Market Institution.

Bail-in Tool

the tool referred to in Articles 84N(1)(i) and 84P, including the powers to write down and convert any instrument or liability and to close out or terminate any contract.

110

Term

Board Member

Chairman of the DFSA

Chief Executive

Companies Law

Companies Registrar

Collective Investment Prohibitions

Court

Crypto Token

director

Decision Notice

DFSA

DIFC

DIFC Authority

Distributed Ledger Technology

Dubai Law

DNFBP

Definition

a person appointed to the office of member of the DFSA Board