the tool referred to in Articles 84N(1)(i) and 84P, including the powers to write down and convert any instrument or liability and to close out or terminate any contract.

110

Term

Board Member

Chairman of the DFSA

Chief Executive

Companies Law

Companies Registrar

Collective Investment Prohibitions

Court

Crypto Token

director

Decision Notice

DFSA

DIFC

DIFC Authority

Distributed Ledger Technology

Dubai Law

DNFBP

Definition

a person appointed to the office of member of the DFSA Board of Directors.

the person appointed to the office of chairman of the DFSA, a Board Member and chairman of the DFSA Board of Directors, by the President.

the person appointed to the office of Chief Executive by the DFSA Board of Directors.

DIFC Law No. 5 of 2018 relating to the incorporation of Companies.

the person appointed to the office of Registrar under the Companies Law.

the general and marketing prohibitions prescribed under Articles 20, 21 and 50 of the Collective Investment Law 2010.

the DIFC Court as established under Dubai Law.

Has the meaning prescribed in the Rules made under this Law.

a director or equivalent member of an entity’s governing body.

a written notice given by the DFSA to a person pursuant to paragraph 5 of Schedule 3.

the Dubai Financial Services Authority.

the Dubai International Financial Centre.

the executive body of the DIFC, established under Dubai Law.

A class of technologies that support the recording of encrypted data where the data:

(a) is held on a distributed ledger;

(b) is electronically accessible, from multiple locations, by a network of participants; and

(c) can be updated by those participants, based protocol or

on agreed procedures.

consensus,

has the meaning given in Article 2 of Schedule 1 to the Law.

has the meaning prescribed in the Rules made pursuant to Article 71A (2) of the Law.

111

Term

DNFBP Prohibition

Domestic Firm

Domestic Fund

Employee Money Purchase Scheme

Federal Anti-Money Laundering Legislation

Financial Markets Tribunal

Financial Promotion

Financial Promotions Prohibition

Financial Service

Definition

The prohibition in Article 71A (1) of the Law.

an Authorised Person which:

(a) has its registered and head office in the

(b)

DIFC; or if it is a subsidiary of a legal entity whose principal place of business and head office is in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC, has its registered office in the DIFC.

has the meaning given in Article 3 of Schedule 1 to the Collective Investment Law 2010.

an arrangement where:

(a)

the main purpose of the arrangement is to provide benefits to members in respect of their employment;

(b)

benefits are payable on termination of employment or on the occurrence of another specified event; and

(c)

the amount of calculated by reference to:

the benefit

(i) the contributions made by an employer in respect of the member, whether or not the member may make additional contributions; and

(ii) the investment performance of the

scheme assets.

has the meaning given in Articles 70 (1) and (2) of the Law.

the Financial Markets Tribunal referred to in Article 26 of the Law.

has the meaning given in Article 41A(3) of this Law.

the prohibition prescribed under Article 41A(1) of this Law.

has the meaning given in Article 41 of this Law.

112

is

Term

Financial Services Prohibition

Financial Services Regulator

Fixed Penalty Notice

FMT

Fund

Fund Manager

Governing Body

Group

Guidance

Insolvency Law

Investment Trust

Key Individual

Law

legislation

Licence

Licence Endorsement

Definition

the prohibition prescribed under Article 41 of this Law.

a regulator of financial services activities established in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC.

a written notice given by the DFSA under Article 91.

the Financial Markets Tribunal.

has the meaning given in Article 3 of Schedule 1 to the Collective Investment Law 2010.

has the meaning given in Article 20(4) of the Collective Investment Law 2010.

has the meaning given to that term in Article 3 of Schedule 1 to the Collective Investment Law 