, employee, agent or auditor is void in so far as it purports to hinder compliance with an obligation under Article 67(1).

(5) Without limiting the application of any other provision of this Law, an auditor does not contravene any duty to which the auditor is subject merely because the auditor gives to the DFSA:

(a)

a notification as required under this Article; or

(b)

any other information or opinion in relation to any such matter;

if the auditor is acting in good faith and reasonably believes that the notification, information or opinion is relevant to any functions of the DFSA.

(6)

No person shall be subjected to loss of employment or any other detriment or loss or damage merely by reason of undertaking any act to cause or assist a person referred to in Article 67(1)(a) or (b) to comply with an obligation under Article 67(1).

(7)

A Court may, on application of an aggrieved person, make any order for relief where the person has been subjected to any such loss of employment or detriment or loss or damage referred to in Article 67(6).

68. Disclosures to the DFSA

A person is neither liable to a proceeding, nor subject to a liability, nor in breach of any duty, merely by reason of the giving of information or production of a document by the person to the DFSA:

(a)

in good faith; and

(b)

in reasonable belief that the information or document is relevant to any functions of the DFSA;

whether such information or document is given or produced pursuant to a requirement at law or otherwise.

68A. Whistleblower Protection

(1)

A person who makes a disclosure of information specified in Article 68A(2) to a person specified in Article 68A(3) is entitled to the protection in Article 68A(4).

48

(2)

For the purposes of Article 68A(1), the disclosure of information made by the person must:

(a)

relate to a reasonable suspicion that a Regulated Entity, an officer or employee of a Regulated Entity or, in the case of an Authorised Person, an Affiliate of the Authorised Person or an officer or employee of the Affiliate has or may have:

(i)

contravened a provision of this Law, the Rules or any other legislation administered by the DFSA; or

(ii)

engaged in money laundering, fraud or any other financial crime; and

(b)

be made in good faith.

(3)

For the purposes of Article 68A(1), the disclosure of information is made to any one or more of the following:

(a)

the Regulated Entity;

(b)

an officer of the Regulated Entity;

(c)

in the case of an Authorised Person, a person performing a Licensed Function for the Authorised Person;

(d)

an Auditor, or a member of the audit team, of the Regulated Entity;

(e)

the DFSA;

(f)

a criminal law enforcement agency in the State; or

(g)

any other person prescribed by the Rules for the purposes of this Article.

(4) Where a person makes a disclosure referred to in Article 68A(1):

(a)

the person shall not be subject to any civil or contractual liability for making the disclosure;

(b)

no contractual, civil or other remedy or right shall be enforced against the person by another person for making the disclosure; and

(c)

the person shall not be dismissed from his current employment, or otherwise subject to any action by his employer or any related party of the employer which is reasonably likely to cause detriment to that person, for making the disclosure.

(5)

A Court may, on application of an aggrieved person, make any order for relief where the person has been subject to any loss of employment or other detriment or action referred to in Article 68A(4).

(6)

For the avoidance of doubt, to qualify for protection under this Article it is not necessary for a person who discloses information to identify himself when making the disclosure.

49

(7)

Nothing in this Article limits any other protection provided under this Law to a person who provides information to the DFSA or to any other person referred to in Article 68A(3).

69. Compliance with an order or requirement of the DFSA

Where the DFSA makes an order, issues a direction or prohibition, or makes any requirement in relation