 DFSA may make Rules setting out requirements that a Registered Auditor and an Audit Principal must meet before it will grant a request to suspend or withdraw registration.

(4)

The procedures in Schedule 3 apply to a decision of the DFSA under Article 98A(1)(c) to suspend or withdraw registration on its own initiative. If a power is being exercised in relation to an Audit Principal, the DFSA shall give both the to make Audit Principal and representations under those procedures.

its Registered Auditor an opportunity

(5) Where:

(a)

either or both of the following occur:

(i)

the DFSA conducts an investigation under Article 78 that relates to a Registered Auditor or Audit Principal; or

93

(ii)

a recognised professional body conducts an investigation relating to a member who is an Audit Principal; and

(b)

arising out of such an investigation, the DFSA believes on reasonable grounds that the Registered Auditor or Audit Principal has engaged in serious misconduct that may form grounds for the withdrawal of the registration of the Registered Auditor or Audit Principal,

the DFSA may suspend the relevant registration for the duration of the investigation or any related proceedings insofar as the investigation or proceedings relate to that Audit Principal or Registered Auditor.

(6)

The procedures in Schedule 3 apply to a decision of the DFSA under Article 98A(5). If a power is being exercised in relation to an Audit Principal, the DFSA shall give both the Audit Principal and its Registered Auditor an opportunity to make representations under the procedures in Schedule 3.

(7)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under this Article to suspend or withdraw the registration of a Registered Auditor or Audit Principal, the Registered Auditor or Audit Principal may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

CHAPTER 4 – APPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL OF AUDITORS

99. Appointment and removal of auditors

(1)

In this Article, a Relevant Person means an Authorised Person, a Public Listed Company and, in relation to a Domestic Fund, the Fund Manager of that Fund.

(2)

A Relevant Person, subject to Article 99(5), shall:

(a)

at each annual general meeting appoint a person to act as Auditor from the conclusion of that meeting to the conclusion of the next annual general meeting; or

(b)

at the beginning of each financial year appoint a person to act as Auditor until the beginning of the next financial year.

(3)

A person who becomes an a Relevant Person after the beginning of a financial year must, subject to Article 99(5), appoint a person who shall act as Auditor until the conclusion of that financial year.

(4)

A Relevant Person shall as soon as practicable fill any vacancy that arises in the appointment of an Auditor.

(5)

The DFSA may, by Rules, exempt a specified class of Relevant Person from the requirements in this Article. If a Relevant Person is exempted from the requirements in this Article, then the other requirements in this chapter and in

94

99A.

chapters 5 and 6 of this Part do not apply to, or in relation to, the Relevant Person.

(6)

In the case of a Domestic Fund which is an Investment Trust:

(a)

the Trustee of that Fund shall ensure that at all times the Domestic Fund has an Auditor; and

(b)

the Fund Manager of that Fund shall obtain the prior approval of the Trustee before carrying out any activities under this Article relating to the appointment or removal of an Auditor for that Domestic Fund.

(7)

A Relevant Person shall not appoint an Auditor under this Article unless:

(a)

the Auditor has, prior to the appointment, consented in writing to the Relevant Person acting as Auditor; and

(b)

the Relevant Person, and the Trustee of a Domestic Fund which is an Investment Trust, are not, on reasonable inquiry, aware of any matter which should preclude the Auditor from giving his consent under Article 99A(2).

(8)

A Relevant Person may at any time remove an Auditor notwithstanding anything in any agreement between it and the Auditor.

(9)

The DFSA may direct, or the Court on an application made by the DFSA may order, a Relevant Person to:

(a)

appoint an Auditor, where an Auditor has not been appointed by the Relevant Person; or

(b)

remove an Auditor and appoint a new Auditor, where in the opinion of the DFSA or the Court (