 OF AUDITORS AND AUDIT PRINCIPALS

98. Registration and conditions and restrictions

(1)

The DFSA shall make Rules setting out the criteria a person must meet to become and remain registered by the DFSA as a Registered Auditor or as an Audit Principal.

(2)

An application to be registered as an Audit Principal shall be made jointly by the Registered Auditor and the person who will be the Audit Principal if registration is granted.

(3)

The DFSA may:

(a)

grant or refuse to grant an application for registration as a Registered Auditor or Audit Principal; and

91

(b)

impose restrictions and conditions upon the registration.

(4)

Upon granting registration as a Registered Auditor or as an Audit Principal, the DFSA shall inform the applicant of that fact and whether there are any restrictions or conditions imposed upon the registration.

(5)

A Registered Auditor and an Audit Principal shall act within the scope of the relevant registration and comply with any restrictions and conditions imposed upon such registration.

(6)

The DFSA may at any time by notice to a Registered Auditor or Audit Principal, as appropriate:

(a)

impose restrictions or conditions on the registration of that Registered Auditor or that Audit Principal; and

(b)

vary or withdraw restrictions or conditions imposed on such registration.

(7)

The DFSA may act under Article 98(6) on its own initiative or at the request of the Registered Auditor or Audit Principal.

(8)

The procedures in Schedule 3 apply to a decision of the DFSA under this Article to refuse to grant an application for registration or to impose or vary conditions and restrictions on any registration. If a power is being exercised in relation to an Audit Principal, the DFSA shall give both the Audit Principal and its Registered Auditor an opportunity to make representations under those procedures.

(9)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under this Article to refuse to grant an application for registration or to impose or vary conditions or restrictions on any registration, the applicant or Registered Auditor or Audit Principal may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

CHAPTER 3 - SUSPENSION AND WITHDRAWAL OF REGISTRATION OF REGISTERED AUDITORS AND AUDIT PRINCIPALS

98A. Suspension and withdrawal of registration

(1)

The DFSA may suspend or withdraw the registration of a Registered Auditor or an Audit Principal:

(a)

in the case of the registration of a Registered Auditor, at the request of the Registered Auditor;

(b)

in the case of the registration of an Audit Principal, at the request of the Audit Principal or the Registered Auditor who appointed the Audit Principal; or

(c)

on its own initiative.

92

(2)

The DFSA may exercise its powers under Article 98A(1)(c) in the following circumstances:

(a)

the Registered Auditor or Audit Principal is in breach of, or has been in breach of, one or more restrictions or conditions applicable to its registration;

(b)

the Registered Auditor or Audit Principal is in breach of, or has been in breach of, this Law or the Rules;

(c)

the Registered Auditor is no longer fit and proper to perform the role of a Registered Auditor or the Audit Principal is no longer fit and proper to perform the role of Audit Principal;

(d)

the Registered Auditor has failed for a period of at least twenty-four consecutive months to provide Audit Services permitted under its registration;

(e)

in the case of an Audit Principal, if the Audit Principal:

(i)

becomes bankrupt;

(ii)

is convicted of a serious criminal offence;

(iii)

becomes incapable (through mental or physical incapacity) of managing his affairs; or

(iv)

is no longer employed by the Registered Auditor who appointed the Audit Principal; or

(f)

in the case of an Audit Principal, if the registration of its Registered Auditor is suspended or withdrawn.

(3)

The DFSA may make Rules setting out requirements that a Registered Auditor and an Audit Principal must meet before it will grant a request to suspend or withdraw registration.

(4)

The procedures in Schedule 3 apply to a decision of the DFSA under Article 98A(1)(c) to suspend or withdraw registration on its own initiative. If a power is being exercised in relation to an Audit Principal, the DFSA shall give both the to make Audit Principal and representations under those procedures.

its Registered Auditor an opportunity

(5) Where:

(a)

either or both of the following occur:

(i)

