 risks that are not properly managed; or

56

(b)

take such other measures as are necessary to remove any impediments to effective supervision of the group on a consolidated basis, including a direction to take steps to restructure the Group.

(4)

Nothing in this Article limits the scope or application of any other power that the DFSA may have in legislation administered by the DFSA.

(5)

A direction issued under this Article comes into force on the date specified in the notice and remains in force, subject to Article 75A(7), until it is revoked or varied in writing by the DFSA pursuant to Article 75A(6).

(6)

The DFSA may, by notice, revoke or vary, any direction given pursuant to this Article.

(7)

A direction issued to Authorised Firms within a specified class under Article 75A(1), including any variation made to such a direction pursuant to Article 75A(6), shall not remain in force for a period longer than 12 months from the date specified in the initial direction notice issued pursuant to Article 75A(1).

(8)

The procedures in Schedule 3 apply to a decision of the DFSA under this Article to issue a direction to a particular person or to vary such a direction.

(9)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under this Article to issue a direction to a particular person or to vary such a direction, the person may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

76. Restriction on Dealing with Property

(1)

In this Article:

(a)

“dealing” in relation to property includes the maintaining, holding, disposing and transferring of property; and

(b)

“relevant property”, in relation to an Authorised Person, means:

(i)

any property held by the person on behalf of any of the clients of the person, or held by any other person on behalf of or to the order of the person; or

(ii)

any other property which the DFSA reasonably believes to be owned or controlled by the person.

(2)

Subject to Article 77, the DFSA may:

(a)

prohibit an Authorised Person from:

(i)

dealing with any relevant property in a specified manner or other than in a specified manner; or

57

77.

(ii)

assisting, counselling or procuring another person to deal with any relevant property in a specified manner or other than in a specified manner;

(b)

require an Authorised Person to deal with any relevant property in a specified manner.

(c)

require an Authorised Person to deal with any relevant property such that:

(i)

the property remains of the value and of the description that appear to the DFSA to be desirable with a view to ensuring that the person will be able to meet its liabilities in relation to the business which constitutes a Financial Service for which it holds a Licence; and

(ii)

the person is able at any time readily to transfer or dispose or otherwise deal with of the property when instructed to do so by the DFSA.

(d)

withdraw an existing prohibition or requirement imposed on an Authorised Person; or

(e)

substitute or vary an existing prohibition or requirement imposed on an Authorised Person.

(3)

The DFSA may in any prohibition or requirement imposed under Article 76(2) direct that, for the purposes of such requirement, property of a specified description shall or shall not be taken into account.

(4)

The procedures in Schedule 3 apply to a decision of the DFSA under this Article.

(5)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under this Article, the Authorised Person may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

Imposition of a prohibition or requirement

(1)

The DFSA may impose a prohibition or requirement under Article 75 or 76 in the circumstances prescribed in the Rules.

(2)

Any prohibition or requirement including any variation or substitution of such prohibition or requirement, made under Articles 75 or 76, does not operate so as to render an agreement unenforceable by a party to the agreement if he proves that in entering into the agreement he acted in good faith and was unaware of any notice given, served or published in relation to such imposition, withdrawal, substitution or variation.

(3)

The withdrawal of a Licence under Chapter 4 of Part 3 of the Law does not affect the validity of a current prohibition or requirement made under