

Licence

Licence Endorsement

Definition

the prohibition prescribed under Article 41 of this Law.

a regulator of financial services activities established in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC.

a written notice given by the DFSA under Article 91.

the Financial Markets Tribunal.

has the meaning given in Article 3 of Schedule 1 to the Collective Investment Law 2010.

has the meaning given in Article 20(4) of the Collective Investment Law 2010.

has the meaning given to that term in Article 3 of Schedule 1 to the Collective Investment Law 2010.

means a group of entities which includes an entity (the ‘first entity’) and:

(a)

any Parent of the first entity; and

(b)

any Subsidiaries (direct or indirect) of the Parent or Parents in (a) of the first entity.

has the meaning given in Article 2 of Schedule 1 to the Law.

DIFC Law No. 1 of 2019.

has the meaning given to that term in Article 3 of the Schedule to the Investment Trust Law 2006.

an individual who has been authorised by the DFSA to perform one or more Licensed Functions for an Authorised Market Institution.

the Regulatory Law 2004.

includes rules or regulations made under legislation.

a licence granted by the DFSA under Chapter 2 of Part 3 .

an endorsement made by the DFSA on a Licence that permits an Authorised Person to carry on an activity prescribed under Article 44.

113

Term

Licensed Function

money laundering

officer

Parent

person

Pre-Resolution Valuation

Preliminary Notice

President

Principal Representative

Privileged Communication

proliferation financing

Provisional Valuation

Public Fund

Public Listed Company

Recognised Crypto Token

Recognised Person

Recognition Order

Definition

a function prescribed pursuant to Article 43(1).

has the meaning given in Article 70 (2)(b) of the Law.

in relation to an entity, means an officer of that entity including a director.

a holding company as defined in Schedule 1 to the Companies Law.

has the meaning given in Article 1 of Schedule 1 to the Law.

a valuation referred to in Article 84M(1).

a written notice given by the DFSA to a person under paragraph 4(1) of Schedule 3.

the president of the DIFC, appointed by a decree of the Ruler pursuant to Dubai Law.

has the meaning prescribed in the Rules.

a communication attracting a privilege arising from the provision of professional legal advice and any other privilege applicable at law, but does not include a general duty of confidentiality.

financing the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.

a valuation referred to in Article 84M(2).

has the meaning given to that term in Article 3 of Schedule 1 to the Collective Investment Law 2010.

a person incorporated or formed in the DIFC and who is admitted to an official list of securities in the DIFC or an equivalent list of securities in another jurisdiction.

A Crypto Token that the DFSA has recognised under the Rules made under this Law.

has the meaning given in Article 37(3) of the Markets Law 2012.

An order made by the DFSA under Article 84T that recognises in, in whole or in part, resolution action taken by another Resolution Authority.

114

Term

Recovery

Recovery Plan

Registered Auditor

Regulated Entity

Relevant Person

Reporting Entity

Resolution

Resolution Authority

Resolution Conditions

Resolution Powers

Resolution Plan

Resolution Safeguards

Resolution Tool

Definition

the process of restoring an Authorised Firm’s financial position.

the plan referred to in Article 84D.

has the meaning given to that term in Article 97(b) of this Law.

means:

(a) an Authorised Person;

(b) a Registered Auditor; or

(c) a DNFBP.

has the meaning given in Article 70 (5) of the Law.

has the meaning given to that term in Article 3 of the Schedule to the Markets Law 2012.

the process of resolving an Authorised Firm, including the stabilisation and restructuring of the Authorised Firm through the exercise or application of one or more Resolution Powers or Resolution Tools.

a body or authority established in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC that exercises powers or