

6.5

6.5.1

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Providing best execution

(1)

When an Authorised Firm agrees, or decides in the exercise of its discretion, to Execute any Transaction with or for a Client in an Investment or Crypto Token, it must provide best execution.

(2)

An Authorised Firm provides best execution if it takes reasonable care to determine the best overall price available for that Investment or Crypto Token under the prevailing market conditions and deals at a price which is no less advantageous to that Client.

(3)

An Authorised Firm which is an ATS Operator is not required to provide best execution for Persons who are its Clients in circumstances where such Persons are dealing with each other on the Authorised Firm’s ATS and the Authorised Firm is not acting for or on behalf of any such Persons in relation to a deal on that ATS.

Requirements

In determining whether an Authorised Firm has taken reasonable care to provide the best overall price for a Client in accordance with Rule 6.4.2, the DFSA will have regard to whether an Authorised Firm has:

(a)

discounted any fees and charges previously disclosed to the Client;

(b)

not taken a Mark-up or Mark-down from the price at which it Executed the Transaction, unless this is disclosed to the Client; and

(c)

had regard to price competition or the availability of a range of price sources for the execution of its Clients’ Transactions. In the case where the Authorised Firm has access to prices of different Authorised Market trading Institutions, other regulated systems, it must Execute the Transaction at the best overall price available having considered other relevant factors.

financial markets or alternative

If another Person is responsible for the execution of a Transaction an Authorised Firm may rely on that Person to provide best execution where that Person has undertaken to provide best execution in accordance with this section.

Guidance

When determining best execution, an Authorised Firm should consider the direct costs and indirect costs and the relevant order type and size, settlement arrangements and timing of a Client’s order that could affect decisions on when, where and how to trade.

Non-market price transactions

Application

(1) Subject to (2), this section applies to an Authorised Firm conducting Investment Business or Crypto Business regardless of the classification of the Client.

48

COB/VER48/03-25

6.5.2

6.5.3

6.6

6.6.1

6.6.2

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(2) This section does not apply to a Client to whom a Person operating an MTF

provides its MTF services.

General prohibition

(1)

An Authorised Firm must not enter into a non-market price Transaction in any capacity, with or for a Client, unless it has taken reasonable steps to ensure that the Transaction is not being entered into by the Client for an improper purpose.

(2)

The requirement in (1) does not apply in relation to a non-market price Transaction subject to the Rules of an Authorised Market Institution or regulated exchange.

Record keeping

An Authorised Firm must make and retain, for a minimum of six years, a record of the steps it has taken in relation to each Transaction under this section.

Guidance

1.

A non-market price Transaction is a Transaction where the dealing rate or price paid by the Authorised Firm or its Client differs from the prevailing market rate or price to a material extent or the Authorised Firm or its Client gives materially more or less in value than it receives in return.

2.

In general, Authorised Firms should undertake transactions at the prevailing market price. Failure to do this may result in an Authorised Firm participating, whether deliberately or unknowingly, in the concealment of a profit or loss, or in the perpetration of a fraud.

Aggregation and allocation

Application

The Rules in this section do not apply to an Authorised Firm with respect to any Transaction which:

(a)

it undertakes with a Market Counterparty;

(b)

it carries out for the purposes of managing a Fund of which it is the Fund Manager; or

(c)

is undertaken on an MTF which it operates.

Aggregation of orders

An Authorised Firm may aggregate an order for a Client with an order for other Clients or with an order for its own account only where:

49

COB/VER48/03-25

