 Subject sufficient advance notice to enable that Person to draw to the attention of the Credit Rating Agency any factual errors on which the Credit Rating Agency may have based the relevant Credit Rating.

(4)

Subject to the confidentiality requirements applicable to a Credit Rating Agency, any information which the Credit Rating Agency is required to publish pursuant to any Rules must also be made available on the website of the relevant Credit Rating Agency.

Guidance

In relation to Rule 8.8.1(3), a Credit Rating Agency should inform the Rating Subject at least 12 hours before publication of a new Credit Rating or an update or withdrawal of an existing Credit Rating of the principal grounds on which such Credit Rating is based in order to give the Rating Subject an opportunity to draw to the attention of the Credit Rating Agency any factual errors. The Rating Subject has the meaning given to it in GEN Rule 2.27.1(3) and should be read in conjunction with Rule 8.1.1(2).

101

COB/VER48/03-25

8.8.2

8.8.3

8.9

8.9.1

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Specific Disclosure - Fees and Charges

(1)

A Credit Rating Agency must include in its announcements relating to Credit Ratings and its annual report the general nature of its arrangements relating to fees and charges with, or relating to, the Rating Subject including:

(a)

whether the Credit Rating Agency or any member of its Group receives any fees, charges or other monetary benefits which are unrelated to the provision by the Credit Rating Agency of its Credit Ratings, and if so, the proportion of such benefits relating to the aggregate fees and charges in respect of the provision of Credit Ratings; and

(b)

if the Credit Rating Agency receives 10% or more of its aggregate annual revenue from a single Rating Subject or its Related Party, information about that source.

(2)

Where a Credit Rating Agency is a member of a Group, the 10% aggregate annual income referred to in (1)(b) may be calculated by aggregating the net revenue of all Credit Rating Agencies within the Group.

Specific Disclosure – Structured financial products

A Credit Rating Agency must, where the Rating Subject is a structured financial product disclose in its Credit Ratings whether the Relevant Information is made publicly available by the Rating Subject, or whether all, or some of, such information remains non–public.

Guidance

1.

The information which a Credit Rating Agency provides relating to structured financial products should include sufficient information such as information relating to the profit and loss statement and cash flow analysis to enable users of the Credit Ratings to understand the basis of the Credit Rating. Such information should also include the degree to which, in accordance with its analysis, the Credit Rating is sensitive to changes in market conditions.

2.

A Credit Rating Agency should differentiate ratings of structured finance products from traditional corporate bond ratings, preferably through a different rating symbology. A Credit Rating Agency must also disclose how this differentiation operates.

3.

A Credit Rating Agency should use reasonable efforts to encourage the Rating Subject to disclose to the public all Relevant Information to enable investors and users of the Credit Ratings to conduct their own due diligence relating to that product.

Confidential information

A Credit Rating Agency must have policies, procedures and controls to ensure that it and its Employees do not:

(a)

use any information given to or obtained by the Credit Rating Agency on a confidential basis (“Confidential Information”) for a purpose other than that for which it was given or obtained;

102

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(b)

disclose the Confidential Information to any other Person, except:

(i)

in accordance with (a);

(ii)

with the prior written consent of the Person to whom a duty of confidentiality in respect of such Confidential Information is owed; or

(iii)

where obliged to do so by any legislation applicable to the Credit Rating Agency; and

(c)

disclose any pending Rating Action except to the Rating Subject or as agreed with the Rating Subject.

8.9.2

Subject to Rule 8.9.1(b), a Credit Rating Agency and its Employees must not disclose Confidential Information in any manner, including in press releases, through research conferences, to future employers, or in conversations with investors, other issuers, other persons, or by other means.

8.9.3

A Credit Rating Agency must