 Agency is not required to disclose information where the information is subject to confidentiality requirements.

Guidance

1.

The level of detail required in the disclosure of information concerning methodologies, models and key assumptions should be such as to give adequate information to the users of Credit Ratings to enable them to perform their own due diligence when assessing whether, or to what extent, reliance can be placed on those Credit Ratings (see Rule 8.8.1). Disclosure of information must not, however, reveal confidential information of, or relating to, the Rating Subject or its Group pursuant to Rule 8.9.1.

2.

The information referred to in Guidance No. 1 should generally include the meaning of each rating category and the definition of default or recovery, and the time horizon the Credit Rating Agency used when making a Credit Rating.

3.

A Credit Rating Agency should adequately and clearly disclose applicable risks which may affect a Credit Rating, including a sensitivity analysis of the relevant assumptions and an explanation of how various market developments affect the parameters built into the methodologies and models and may influence or impinge on the Credit Rating (for example volatility).

4.

If the nature of a Credit Rating or other circumstances make a historical default rate inappropriate or otherwise likely to mislead investors, the Credit Rating Agency should provide appropriate clarifications.

5.

A Credit Rating Agency should provide information to assist users of its Credit Ratings to develop a greater understanding of what a Credit Rating is, and the limitations on the use of Credit Ratings with respect to the particular type of financial product that the Credit Rating Agency rates. A Credit Rating Agency should clearly indicate the attributes and limitations of each Credit Rating, and the limits to which the firm verifies information provided to it by the Rating Subject, its Related Party or any external source.

Communication of information

A Credit Rating Agency must ensure that its communications relating to its Credit Ratings, Credit Rating Activities and its other business are clear, fair and not misleading.

Guidance

1.

A Credit Rating Agency should, taking into account the nature, scale and complexity of its operations, have a function within its organisation charged with the responsibility for communicating with market participants and the public on questions, concerns or complaints it receives.

2.

The objective of this function should be to help ensure that the Credit Rating Agency’s officers and management are informed of those issues that such officers and management would reasonably need to be informed about when setting and implementing the Credit Rating Agency’s systems and controls.

100

COB/VER48/03-25

8.8

8.8.1

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Disclosure and presentation of Credit Ratings

General Disclosure

(1)

Subject to the confidentiality requirements applicable to a Credit Rating Agency, it must ensure that its Credit Ratings:

(a)

are published promptly, and as far as practicable, on a non- selective basis and free of charge;

(b)

contain sufficient information to enable users of such Credit Ratings to understand how the Credit Rating was reached, including information relating the methodologies, models and key underlying assumptions used;

to

(c)

contain a clear statement if the Credit Rating is initiated by the Credit Rating Agency on its own initiative (unsolicited), and information relating to the Credit Rating Agency’s policy relating to providing unsolicited Credit Ratings;

(d)

contain sufficient information about the historical default rates of its Credit Ratings which are of the same category as the Credit Rating being published so that interested parties can understand the historical performance of its Credit Ratings; and

(e)

include any other information relevant to the particular Credit Rating, as specified in this module.

(2)

A Credit Rating Agency must ensure that any press release which accompanies a Credit Rating contains key elements underlying the Credit Rating.

(3)

Before publishing a new or an updated Credit Rating or withdrawing a Credit Rating, the Credit Rating Agency must, to the extent practicable and appropriate, give to the Rating Subject sufficient advance notice to enable that Person to draw to the attention of the Credit Rating Agency any factual errors on which the Credit Rating Agency may have based the relevant Credit Rating.

(4)

Subject to the confidentiality requirements applicable to a Credit Rating Agency, any information which the Credit Rating Agency is required to publish pursuant to any Rules must also be made available on the website of the relevant Credit Rating Agency.

Guidance

In relation to Rule 8.8.1(3), a Credit Rating Agency should inform the Rating Subject at least 12 hours before publication of a new Credit Rating or an update