 portfolio

2. When recommending a financial product to a Client, or executing a discretionary transaction

for a Client, an Authorised Firm should consider the overall effect the recommendation or discretionary transaction would have on the Client’s investment portfolio. For example, for a Client with a low or medium risk profile, a proportion of high-risk financial products in the Client’s portfolio may be suitable, provided this is consistent with the risk-return profile of the portfolio, and the firm is satisfied that any financial products that are recommended to the Client, or invested in, on behalf of the Client, are likely to meet the Client’s investment objectives and financial circumstances.

Written warnings about limited suitability assessments

3.

Under Rule 3.4.2(2), an Authorised Firm may limit the extent to which it will consider suitability when making a recommendation to, or undertaking a discretionary transaction for or on behalf of, a Professional Client. However, the DFSA does not consider that this Rule permits a firm to limit its consideration of suitability to such a degree that under Rule 3.4.2(1) there is no meaningful basis for the recommendation or transaction.

4.

The DFSA expects a written warning given to a Professional Client under Rule 3.4.2(2) to:

a.

be in a stand-alone document (for example, not be included in the Client Agreement or other communication issued to the Client);

b.

be given in good time before providing the financial service;

c.

clearly state how the suitability assessment will be limited, for example what the firm would consider, or would not consider, as part of the limited assessment, such as any specified investment objectives, needs or circumstances of the Client, or a limited range of financial products from which the firm would be choosing;

d.

specify any risks associated with undertaking a suitability assessment that is limited in scope; and

29

COB/VER48/03-25

3.4.3

3.5

3.5.1

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

e.

provide for a clear acknowledgement by the Client that they have received and understood the warning and consent to the limited suitability assessment that will be undertaken by the firm, as set out in that warning.

5.

A firm should consider the need to provide a fresh warning to a Professional Client in some circumstances. For example, where the firm becomes aware of significant changes to:

a.

the financial needs or circumstances of the Client; or

b.

the types of financial products or financial services covered by an existing warning.

Suitability assessment when Providing Trust Services

6.

An Authorised Firm Providing Trust Services does not have to undertake an assessment of the factors such as risk tolerance, knowledge and experience of a Client when assessing the suitability of the service to a particular Client. This is because those considerations are not relevant to the activity of Providing Trust Services.

Suitability assessment when recommending a Credit Facility

7.

An Authorised Firm that recommends to a Client a particular Credit Facility as suitable for that Client, needs to consider whether the facility is suitable for the Client in terms of its affordability by the Client. An Authorised Firm acting as a credit broker for a Client would need to consider not only the affordability of the facility for the Client, but also whether the product is suitable compared to other credit products available in the market. However, a provider of a Credit Facility is only required to assess the suitability for a particular Client if it makes a recommendation to that Client.

8. When an Authorised Firm recommends a Credit Facility to a Retail Client it should consider, in particular, the impact of the rates and other applicable conditions on the Retail Client. For example, the DFSA does not consider that a firm could have any reasonable basis to recommend to a Retail Client a pay-day facility, salary advance facility or any similar arrangement that has exorbitant or cumulative rates. Suitability assessment when Operating an Employee Money Purchase Scheme or Acting as the Administrator of an Employee Money Purchase Scheme

9.

The Financial Services of Operating an Employee Money Purchase Scheme or Acting as the Administrator of such a Scheme do not permit the Operator or Administrator to advise Members of the Scheme, particularly on the suitability of investments offered on the Investment Platform. If an Operator or Administrator wishes to give such advice, it must obtain an authorisation for Advising on Financial Products.

An Authorised Firm must take reasonable steps to ensure the information it holds about a Client is accurate, complete