 set out in Rule 2.4.3.

(2) An Authorised Firm may also classify an Undertaking as a Professional Client if

the Undertaking has:

(a) a controller;

(b) a Holding Company;

(c)

a Subsidiary; or

(d) a joint venture partner,

who meets the requirements to be classified as an ‘assessed’ Professional Client pursuant to either Rule 2.3.7(1)(a) and (b)(ii) or Rule 2.3.8(1) as applicable, or a ‘deemed’ Professional Client pursuant to Rule 2.3.4(1).

(3) For the purposes of classifying an Undertaking that is an industry or professional body or association as an ‘assessed’ Professional Client, the requirement in (1)(a) does not apply.

(4)

In this Rule:

(a)

the terms ‘own funds’ and ‘called up capital’ in (1)(a) have the meaning given under Rule 2.3.4(3)(b) or (c) as the case may be; and

(b)

the term ‘controller’ in (2)(a) means an individual who meets the criteria in Rule 2.3.5(2).

Guidance

1.

Under Rule 2.6.3, the asset test referred to in Rule 2.3.8(1)(a) remains $500,000 until 1 April 2016.

2. Where an Authorised Firm proposes to classify an Undertaking as a Professional Client under (2), the firm must assess whether the Person on whom reliance is placed, i.e. a Person referred to

13

COB/VER48/03-25

2.3.9

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

in (2)(a) to (d) as is relevant, meets the Professional Client criteria, unless that Person falls within a category of ‘deemed’ Professional Client.

3. Where an Undertaking is set up by partners in a joint venture for the purposes of their joint venture, the Undertaking itself can be treated as a Professional Client provided a joint venture partner meets the Professional Client criteria (see Guidance paragraph 3 under Rule 2.3.5 for a description of a joint venture). To be able to rely on a joint venture partner’s Professional Client status, such a partner should generally be a key decision maker with respect to the business activities of the joint venture, and not just a silent partner. An Authorised Firm is not required to assess if an Undertaking meets the asset test referred to in Rule 2.3.8(1)(a), where the Undertaking is an industry or professional body or association i.e. a body or association that represents a particular industry sector or that oversees, or provides services to, members of a particular profession. The Authorised Firm will, however, still need to assess if the Undertaking meets the knowledge and experience requirement in Rule 2.3.8(1)(b).

3. Where an Undertaking is set up by partners in a joint venture for the purposes of their joint venture, the Undertaking itself can be treated as a Professional Client provided a joint venture partner meets the Professional Client criteria (see Guidance paragraph 3 under Rule 2.3.5 for a description of a joint venture). To be able to rely on a joint venture partner’s Professional Client status, such a partner should generally be a key decision maker with respect to the business activities of the joint venture, and not just a silent partner. An Authorised Firm is not required to assess if an Undertaking meets the asset test referred to in Rule 2.3.8(1)(a), where the Undertaking is an industry or professional body or association i.e. a body or association that represents a particular industry sector or that oversees, or provides services to, members of a particular profession. The Authorised Firm will, however, still need to assess if the Undertaking meets the knowledge and experience requirement in Rule 2.3.8(1)(b).

Market Counterparties

(1) An Authorised Firm may classify a Person as a Market Counterparty if:

(a)

that Person is:

(i)

a ‘deemed’ Professional Client pursuant to Rule 2.3.4;

(ii)

an ‘assessed’ Professional Client pursuant