 not take credit for such an amount except where:

(a)

he has taken reasonable steps to trace the Client and to inform him that he is entitled to the money;

(b)

at least six years from the date the credit was initially notified to the Client; and

(c)

Rule 7.12.5(f) will continue to be satisfied after the withdrawal of such money.

7.12.15 An Insurance Intermediary must keep records of all sums withdrawn from the Insurance Bank Account or realised Approved Assets as a result of credit taken under Rule 7.12.14 for at least six years from the date of withdrawal or realisation.

88

COB/VER48/03-25

8

8.1

8.1.1

8.2

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

SPECIFIC RULES – OPERATING A CREDIT RATING AGENCY

Application

(1)

This chapter applies to every Person who carries on, or intends to carry on, the Financial Service of Operating a Credit Rating Agency in or from the DIFC.

(2)

In this chapter, where a reference is made to a Rating Subject which is a credit commitment, a debt or a debt-like Investment referred to in GEN Rule 2.27.1(3)(b) or (c), that reference is to be read, where the context requires, as a reference to the Person responsible for obtaining the Credit Rating.

Guidance

1.

The Financial Service of Operating a Credit Rating Agency is defined in GEN Rule 2.27.1. This chapter contains the specific conduct requirements that apply to Persons carrying on the Financial Service of Operating a Credit Rating Agency.

Code of conduct/ethics

2.

The outcome intended by some of the specific conduct requirements in this chapter can be achieved by adopting a code of conduct/ethics. Whilst not proposing to prescribe that a Credit Rating Agency must have a code of conduct/ethics, a Credit Rating Agency should consider, particularly where noted in relation to specific Rules, adopting such a code as a means of achieving the outcome intended by the relevant requirements. However, where a Credit Rating Agency does not adopt such a code, the onus is on the Credit Rating Agency to demonstrate how it achieves compliance with the relevant requirements through other means.

Persons responsible for obtaining a Credit Rating

3.

Not all Rating Subjects are bodies corporate. For example, Credit Ratings can be provided in respect of a credit commitment given by a Person, or a debt or debt-like Investment. In such instances, where a Rule in this chapter requires the Rating Subject to carry out some activity, such a reference is to be read, pursuant to Rule 8.1.1(2), as a reference to the Person who is responsible for obtaining the Credit Rating. Such a Person would generally be the originator, arranger or sponsor of the relevant financial product which is being rated. The Credit Rating Agency should clearly identify the Person responsible for a Rating Subject before proceeding with its Credit Rating Activities relating to that Rating Subject.

4.

However, there is no restriction against more than one Person being identified as Persons responsible for obtaining a Credit Rating relating to a Rating Subject. In such cases, a Credit Rating Agency should clearly identify those Persons as responsible Persons relating to the relevant Rating Subject.

Additional Principles for Credit Rating Agencies

Guidance

Credit Rating Agencies are required to comply with, in addition to the Principles in GEN sections 4.1 and 4.2, three further Principles set out in this section.

89

COB/VER48/03-25

8.2.1

8.2.2

8.2.3

8.3

8.3.1

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Principle 1 – Quality and integrity

A Credit Rating Agency must take all reasonable steps to ensure that its Credit Ratings are well founded and are based on a fair and thorough analysis of all relevant information which is reasonably known or available to the Credit Rating Agency.

Principle 2 – Independence and conflicts of interest

A Credit Rating Agency must take all reasonable steps to ensure that its decisions relating to Credit Ratings are independent and free from political or economic pressures and not affected by conflicts of interest arising due to its ownership structure or business or other activities or conflicts of interest of its Employees.

Principle 3 – Transparency and disclosure

A Credit Rating Agency must take all reasonable steps to ensure