 a facility that automatically allocates certain loans or Investments to a lender or investor according to parameters chosen by the lender or investor. The availability of this type of facility creates the risk that other lenders may not be aware that the best lending or investment opportunities have already been allocated and that remaining lending or investment opportunities may be of lower quality.

2.

Further, if an operator permits some lenders or investors using its service to lend or invest on terms that are better than those offered to other lenders or investors on the platform, a potential conflict of interest may arise between the interests of the different lenders or investors. The operator will need to consider under Rule 3.5.1 what steps it should take to ensure that other Clients are not prejudiced by the conflict of interest.

No suitability disclosure

11.3.13 If an operator provides an auto-lending system or auto-investing system, it must disclose prominently to lenders or investors who use the facility that no assessment is made that any loan or Investment selected by the system is suitable for the lender or investor.

Operator not to permit staff to use the platform

11.3.14 An operator must take reasonable steps to ensure that its officers and employees

and their family members do not:

(a)

in the case of Investment Crowdfunding or Loan Crowdfunding:

(i)

lend money or provide finance to a borrower or an Issuer;

(ii)

borrow money from a lender or receive funding from an investor; or

(iii)

hold any direct or indirect interest in the capital or voting rights of a borrower or lender or an Issuer or investor; and

(b)

in the case of Property Investment Crowdfunding:

(i)

invest in a property using the platform;

(ii)

rent a property that has been purchased using the platform; or

(iii)

sell a property or any interest in a property using the platform.

Guidance

1.

Rule 11.3.14 is intended to ensure that staff of an operator do not enter into transactions with Clients of the operator. This is because staff may have access to additional confidential information about a borrower, Issuer, seller or property that is not available to clients. Such transactions may also create other conflicts of interest.

142

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

2.

The Rule does not prohibit an operator itself from lending money to a borrower, or investing in an Issuer or in the property of a seller, that uses the platform. However, if it does so, it is likely to be carrying on a separate Financial Service of Providing Credit or Dealing in Investments as Principal and require an additional authorisation for that activity. As well as complying with additional Rules relating to capital and the conduct of that business, it would need to take reasonable steps to prevent or manage conflicts of interests that may arise between its interests and those of its Clients (see Rule 3.5.1). If the operator discloses conflicts of interests to Clients under Rule 3.5.1, it should disclose details of each specific transaction that creates a potential conflict of interest.

Forums

11.3.15 If an operator provides a means of communication (a “forum”) for users to discuss

funding proposals made using the service, it must:

(a)

refer lenders or investors to the forum as a place where they can find, or take part in, further discussion about proposals, while clearly stating that the operator does not conduct due diligence on information on the forum;

(b)

restrict posting of comments on the forum to Persons who are Clients using the service;

(c)

ensure that all Clients using the forum have equal access to information posted on the forum;

(d)

require a Person posting a comment on the forum to disclose clearly if he is affiliated in any way with a borrower, Issuer, or seller is being compensated, directly or indirectly, to promote a proposal by a borrower, Issuer or seller;

(e)

take reasonable steps to monitor and prevent posts on the forum that are potentially misleading or fraudulent;

(f)

immediately take steps to remove a post, or to require a post to be deleted or amended, if the operator becomes aware that (d) or (e) have not been complied with; and

(g) not participate in discussions on the forum except to moderate posts or to

take steps referred to in (f).

Facility for transfer of loans or Investments

11.3.16 If an operator provides