 a fraud.

Aggregation and allocation

Application

The Rules in this section do not apply to an Authorised Firm with respect to any Transaction which:

(a)

it undertakes with a Market Counterparty;

(b)

it carries out for the purposes of managing a Fund of which it is the Fund Manager; or

(c)

is undertaken on an MTF which it operates.

Aggregation of orders

An Authorised Firm may aggregate an order for a Client with an order for other Clients or with an order for its own account only where:

49

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(a)

it is unlikely that the aggregation will operate to the disadvantage of any of the Clients whose Transactions have been aggregated;

(b)

the Authorised Firm has disclosed in writing to the Client that his order may be aggregated and that the effect of the aggregation may operate on some occasions to his disadvantage;

(c)

the Authorised Firm has made a record of the intended basis of allocation and the identity of each Client before the order is effected; and

(d)

the Authorised Firm has in place written standards and policies on aggregation and allocation which are consistently applied and should include the policy that will be adopted when only part of the aggregated order has been filled.

Allocation of investments

6.6.3 Where an Authorised Firm has aggregated a Client order with an order for other Clients or with an order for its own account, and part or all of the aggregated order has been filled, it must:

(a)

promptly allocate the Investments or Crypto Tokens concerned;

(b)

allocate the Investments or Crypto Tokens in accordance with the stated intention;

(c)

ensure the allocation is done fairly and uniformly by not giving undue preference to itself or to any of those for whom it dealt; and

(d)

make and maintain a record of:

(i)

the date and time of the allocation;

(ii)

the relevant Investments or Crypto Tokens;

(iii)

the identify of each Client concerned; and

(iv)

the amount allocated to each Client and to the Authorised Firm recorded against the intended allocation as required in (b).

Record keeping

6.6.4

An Authorised Firm must retain the records required in Rules 6.6.2 (d) and 6.6.3 for six years from the date on which the order is allocated.

6.7

Record keeping – voice and electronic communications

6.7.1

(1)

An Authorised Firm must, subject to (2), take reasonable steps to ensure that its voice and electronic communications when such communications are with a Client or with another Person in relation to a Transaction, including the receiving or passing of related instructions.

it makes and retains recordings of

50

COB/VER48/03-25

6.7.2

6.7.3

6.7.4

6.7.5

6.8

6.8.1

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(2)

The obligation in (1) does not apply in relation to voice and electronic communications which are not intended to lead to the conclusion of a specific Transaction and are general conversations or communications about market conditions.

Guidance

The effect of Rule 6.7.1 is that an Authorised Firm may conduct the kind of business contemplated in (1) over a mobile phone or other handheld electronic communication device but only if the Authorised Firm is able to record such communications. Further, mere transmission of instructions by front office personnel to back office personnel within an Authorised Firm would not ordinarily be subject to this Rule.

(1)

An Authorised Firm must be able to demonstrate prompt accessibility of all records.

(2)

Records must be maintained in comprehensible form or must be capable of being promptly so reproduced.

(3)

The Authorised Firm must make and implement appropriate procedures to prevent unauthorised alteration of its records.

Voice and electronic communication recordings must be retained for a minimum of six months.

Records of orders and transactions

(1)

When an Authorised Firm receives a Client order or in the exercise of its discretion decides upon a Transaction, it must promptly make a record of the information set out in App1 under Rule A1.1.1.

(2)

When an Authorised Firm Executes a Transaction, it must promptly make a record of the information set out in App1 under Rule A1.1.2.

(3)

When