 each party to the contract is determined; or

(b)

the Authorised Firm provides a two way pricing mechanism that allows the Retail Client to trade at those quoted prices during the currency of the Restricted Speculative Investment.

Referrals from an unregulated Person prohibited

71

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

6.16.12 (1) An Authorised Firm must not accept a referral of a Retail Client made by an

unregulated Person for reward.

(2) An Authorised Firm’s systems and controls must include adequate measures

to ensure compliance with (1).

(3) For the purposes of (1), an “unregulated Person” means a Person who is not

an Authorised Person or a Regulated Financial Institution.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Firm is not prohibited from accepting referrals from sources where the referral is not made for reward.

2.

A reward includes a monetary payment or any other type of incentive or gift from any source. An Authorised Firm’s systems and controls need to have measures to prevent not only the Authorised Firm, but also any person acting for or on behalf of the Authorised Firm, from offering or providing rewards for referrals (see also Rule 3.5.3(1)).

Restriction relation to dealing as agent, arranging, advising or making referrals relating to Restricted Speculative Investments

6.16.13 (1) An Authorised Firm must not Deal in Investments as Agent or Arrange Deals in Investments with or for a Retail Client, or give Advice on Financial Products to a Retail Client, in relation to a Restricted Speculative Investment, unless it is reasonably satisfied the Restricted Speculative Investment is either:

that

the

issuer of

(a)

an Authorised Firm; or

(b)

a Regulated Financial Institution outside the DIFC that is subject to substantially similar requirements to those set out in this section.

(2) An Authorised Firm must not refer a Retail Client to a person providing any service related to a Restricted Speculative Investment, unless it is reasonably satisfied that the issuer of the Restricted Speculative Investment is either:

(a)

an Authorised Firm; or

(b)

a Regulated Financial Institution outside the DIFC that is subject to substantially similar requirements to those set out in this section.

Guidance

An Authorised Firm needs to carry out proper due diligence to satisfy itself, on reasonable grounds, that Restricted Speculative Investments offered by a non-DIFC issuer are subject to substantially similar requirements to those that apply under this section. This due diligence needs to be undertaken before carrying on the relevant service with or for the Retail Client. The Authorised Firm should be able to demonstrate to the DFSA the basis upon which it has reasonably concluded that the requirements are substantially similar, even if they are not identical.

72

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Record Keeping

6.16.14 (1) An Authorised Firm must maintain records to demonstrate its compliance with

the requirements in this section.

(2)

Records referred to in (1) must be kept for a minimum of six years.

Fee Disclosure

Guidance

See the Guidance under Rule A2.1.2 for requirements relating to fee disclosure.

73

COB/VER48/03-25

7

7.1

7.1.1

7.1.2

7.1.3

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

CORE RULES - INSURANCE

Application and interpretation

(1)

The Rules in this chapter apply to an Authorised Firm with respect to the conduct Insurance Intermediation or Insurance Management to the extent specified in any Rule.

in or

from

the DIFC of

Insurance Business,

(2)

The Rules in this chapter do not apply to an Insurer that is an Authorised ISPV with the exception of the Rules in section 7.2.

(3)

Only section 7.2, Rules 7.3.1, 7.6.1 and 7.9.1 and sections 7.10 and 7.12 in this chapter apply to an Insurer, Insurance Intermediary or Insurance Manager when it carries on a Financial Service with or for a Market Counterparty.

In this chapter, unless otherwise stated, a reference to an “insurer” is a reference