 or to the risks to which it is exposed.

Guidance

1.

The business cessation plan should contain enough information that, in the event of a wind down of the business, it will assist in the orderly administration of loan agreements or Investments. It should as a minimum include:

a. a business overview i.e. a factual description of how the platform conducts its activities;

b. analysis of the critical functions of the business;

c.

trigger events that might cause a wind down of its business (these events should be specific to the particular business, rather than generic);

d. analysis of what functions are required and need to be undertaken for an orderly wind

down of the business; and

e. how communications with Clients, business partners and creditors will be undertaken

during the wind down period.

2.

The operator should put in place measures that, as far as reasonably practicable, ensure that the contingency arrangements can be implemented if necessary e.g. by entering into an agreement with a third party to provide certain services. The operator should consider the need to obtain professional advice about the likelihood of the arrangements being effectively implemented. The operator will need to disclose the contingency arrangements it has in place (see Rule 11.3.3 (r)).

Credit cards not to be used

11.3.20 The operator must take reasonable steps to ensure that a Retail Client does not use

a credit card to lend or invest using the platform.

Guidance

An operator may permit an investor to use a debit card to fund a loan or investment provided it has adequate systems in place to distinguish between a debit and a credit card.

11.4 Loan Crowdfunding – extra requirements

Written loan agreement

11.4.1 A Loan Crowdfunding Operator must ensure that, when a loan is made using its service, there is a written loan agreement in place between the borrower and lender that is legally enforceable and sets out sufficient details of the loan, the terms of repayment and the rights and obligations of the borrower and lender.

145

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Lending limits

11.4.2 A Loan Crowdfunding Operator must maintain effective systems and controls to

ensure that a Retail Client does not lend more than:

(a) US$10,000 to any single borrower using its service; and

(b) US$100,000 in total in any calendar year using its service.

11.5

Investment Crowdfunding – extra requirements

Risk acknowledgement form

11.5.1

(1) An Investment Crowdfunding Operator must ensure that a Retail Client provides a signed risk acknowledgement form for each Investment that it makes using the platform.

(2) The risk acknowledgement form under (1) must:

(a)

set out clearly the risks referred to in Rule 11.3.1;

(b)

require the Retail Client to confirm that he understands those risks; and

(c)

be provided before, or at the same time as, the Retail Client commits to making the Investment.

Cooling-off period

11.5.2

(1) An Investment Crowdfunding Operator must ensure that investors who have committed to providing funding to a particular Issuer may withdraw that commitment, without any penalty and without giving a reason, during the cooling-off period.

(2)

In (1), “cooling-off period” means the period of at least 48 hours starting at the end of the commitment period.

Guidance

An operator may provide investors with a cooling-off period that is longer than the period specified in Rule 11.5.2(2).

Investment limit

11.5.3 An Investment Crowdfunding Operator must maintain effective systems and

controls to ensure that a Retail Client does not invest more than:

(a) US$50,000 in any single Investment using its service; and

(b) US$100,000 in total in any calendar year using its service

146

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

11.6 Property Investment Crowdfunding – extra requirements

11.6.1 This section applies to a Property Investment Crowdfunding Operator.

Property characteristics

11.6.2 The operator must ensure that each property listed for sale on its platform satisfies

both of the following conditions:

(a) the property consists of an individual apartment, house or building with a single

discrete title deed; and

(b) the