 Due to their inherent nature, certain Financial Services activities such as credit provided to an Undertaking for business purposes (‘commercial credit’), advisory and arranging activities relating to corporate structuring and financing and crowdfunding services provided to a Body Corporate that is a borrower or an Issuer, are generally provided to Persons with sufficient expertise to obtain such services or are of relatively low risk to the Client. Therefore, a Person to whom such a Financial Service is provided can be classified as a ‘service-based’ Professional Client; and

c.

‘assessed’ Professional Clients under Rules 2.3.7 and 2.3.8. These Persons are either individuals or Undertakings which can be classified as a Professional Client only if they meet the specified net assets and expertise requirements set out in Rules 2.4.2 and 2.4.3.

Investment vehicles and family member joint account holders of individuals who are themselves Professional Clients can also be classified as Professional Clients where certain conditions are met – see Rule 2.3.7(2) and (3).

Market Counterparties

6.

A ‘deemed’ Professional Client under Rule 2.3.4 may be classified as a Market Counterparty provided the Authorised Firm has complied with the procedures set out in Rule 2.3.9(2). When an Authorised Firm carries on Financial Services with a Market Counterparty, only a limited number of requirements in the Rulebook modules apply to such firms. This is because an Authorised Firm transacts with a Market Counterparty on an equal footing and, therefore, most of the client protection provisions in the Rulebook modules are not needed to protect such a party.

7. When an Authorised Firm carries on Financial Services with another Authorised Firm or a Regulated Financial Institution, such services would generally qualify as Financial Services that can be carried on with a Market Counterparty (provided the procedures in Rule 2.3.9(2) are met). Examples of such services include: a.

7. When an Authorised Firm carries on Financial Services with another Authorised Firm or a Regulated Financial Institution, such services would generally qualify as Financial Services that can be carried on with a Market Counterparty (provided the procedures in Rule 2.3.9(2) are met). Examples of such services include: providing reinsurance or insurance management services to an insurer; and

providing one or more Financial Services of custody, managing assets, or fund administration services to a fund manager, collective investment fund or a pension fund.

Such activities would not attract most of the client protection provisions contained in the Rulebook modules for the reasons set out under item 6 above.

Multiple classifications

8.

In some circumstances, an Authorised Firm may provide a Financial Service to a Person who qualifies under more than one category of Professional Client. For example, a Client to whom an Authorised Firm provides commercial credit or corporate structuring and financing advice or arranging credit, in the circumstances specified in Rule 2.3.5 or Rule 2.3.6, may also be a ‘deemed’ Professional Client under Rule 2.3.4. In such circumstances, an Authorised Firm can

4

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

classify such a Person as a ‘deemed’ Professional Client, in which case the firm may also be able to classify that Client as a Market Counterparty following the procedures in Rule 2.3.9(2).

9.

It is also possible that an Authorised Firm may provide a range of Financial Services to a single Client. If the Client can be classified as a Professional Client with regard to certain Financial Services (such as Providing Credit under the requirements in Rule 2.3.5, and similarly providing corporate structuring and financing advice or arranging credit under Rule 2.3.6), and not so with regard to other Financial Services, an Authorised Firm needs to take care that the Client is appropriately and correctly classified with respect to each Financial Service. This may mean that the same Client may receive both Professional Client treatment with regard to some Financial Services and Retail Client treatment with regard to other Financial Services. Where a Client cannot be classified as a Professional Client with regard to some Financial Services, the Authorised Firm can only provide such services to the Client if it has a Retail Endorsement on its Licence.

