 number of conversations (such as marketing and promotional activities) may occur between an Authorised Firm and a potential client before it may appear to the firm on a reasonable basis that the Person is likely to obtain a Financial Service from the firm, at which point a client classification is required. 2.

The DFSA expects Authorised Firms to adopt practices which are consistent with the underlying intent of the client classification provisions, which is to provide Clients an appropriate level of regulatory protection in light of the resources and expertise available to such Clients. Therefore, as soon as it is reasonably apparent that a potential customer is likely to obtain a Financial Service from the firm, it would need to undertake the client classification process relating to that

6

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

customer (unless such a customer is classified as a Retail Client for the purposes of the Rules – see Rule 2.3.2).

4.

For example, an Authorised Firm is not expected to undertake advising or arranging activities relating to a Financial Service or financial product which is suited to Professional Clients (such as complex derivatives) with a potential customer without having a reasonable basis to consider that such a customer has sufficient knowledge and experience relating to the relevant service or product. While a formal client classification may not be needed at the early stages of interaction with a potential customer, a firm is expected to form a reasonable view about the professional status of a potential customer when exposing such a customer to Financial Services or financial products (such as investments in a Qualified Investor Fund) which are intended for Professional Clients.

5.

Rule 2.3.1(2) allows an Authorised Firm to classify a Client as a Retail Client in respect of some Financial Services and a Professional Client in respect of other Financial Services. For example, a Client classified as a ‘service-based’ Professional Client under Rule 2.3.5 for the Financial Service of Providing Credit may not necessarily meet the criteria to be classified as an ‘assessed’ Professional Client under Rule 2.3.7 or Rule 2.3.8 in respect of any other Financial Service to be provided to that Client. Therefore, such a Client would need to be classified as a Retail Client with respect to Financial Services other than Providing Credit.

Retail Clients

2.3.2 An Authorised Firm must classify as a Retail Client any Person who is not classified

as a Professional Client or a Market Counterparty.

Professional Clients

2.3.3

(1) An Authorised Firm may classify a Person as a Professional Client if that

Person:

(a) meets the requirements to be:

(i)

a “deemed” Professional Client pursuant to Rule 2.3.4;

(ii)

a “service-based” Professional Client pursuant to Rule 2.3.5, Rule 2.3.6 or Rule 2.3.6A; or

(iii) an “assessed” Professional Client pursuant to either Rule 2.3.7 or

Rule 2.3.8; and

(b) has not opted-in to be classified as a Retail Client in accordance with the

requirements in Rule 2.4.1.

(2)

If an Authorised Firm becomes aware that a Professional Client no longer fulfils the requirements to remain classified as a Professional Client, the Authorised Firm must, as soon as possible, inform the Client that this is the case and the measures that are available to the firm and the Client to address that situation.

Guidance

The measures referred to in Rule 2.3.3(2) may include classifying the Client as a Retail Client with respect to any future Financial Services to be provided to that Client or, if the firm does not have a Retail Endorsement, discontinuing the provision of Financial Services to that Client.

7

COB/VER48/03-25

2.3.4

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

‘Deemed’ Professional Clients

(1) For the purposes of Rule 2.3.3(1)(a)(i), a Person is a ‘deemed’ Professional

Client if that Person is:

(a) a supranational organisation whose members are either countries, central

banks or national monetary authorities;

(b) a properly constituted government, government agency, central bank or

other national monetary authority of any country or jurisdiction;

(c