 any other

Person; and

(b)

the entire shares of, or interests in, an individual property are listed for sale on its platform.

Guidance

The effect of Rule 11.6.7(b) is that an operator is required to list for sale the whole, and not part only, of an individual apartment, house or building.

148

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Investment limit

11.6.8 The operator must maintain effective systems and controls to ensure that a Retail

Client does not invest more than:

(a) US$50,000 in an individual property using its service; and

(b) US$100,000 in total in any calendar year using its service.

Restriction on remuneration sources

11.6.9 (1) The operator must ensure that it, and a person Related to it, does not receive any remuneration, fee, payment or commission for, or in connection with, its service, except from investors or sellers who use the platform.

(2) Without limiting (1), an operator, or a person Related to the operator, must not receive any remuneration, fee, payment or commission from a real estate agent, property manager, valuer, custodian or any other person providing a service related to the property.

Property not to be mortgaged

11.6.10 The operator must ensure that no mortgage, lien or other security is granted over a

property that investors invest in using its platform.

Guidance

Rule 11.6.10 prevents an operator or a Special Purpose Vehicle from taking a loan secured against the property.

149

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

12

OPERATING OR ACTING AS THE ADMINISTRATOR OF AN EMPLOYEE MONEY PURCHASE SCHEME

12.1 Application and Interpretation

Guidance

The terms ‘Member”, “Participating Employer” and “Scheme” are defined in GEN Rule 2.30.1 and the terms “DIFC Scheme” and “Non-DIFC Scheme” are defined in GLO.

Application

12.1.1 The Rules in this chapter apply to an Authorised Firm when:

(a)

Operating an Employee Money Purchase Scheme; or

(b)

Acting as the Administrator of an Employee Money Purchase Scheme.

Guidance

1. The Rules in this Chapter apply to an Operator or Administrator of a Scheme regardless of whether the Scheme is established in the DIFC (a DIFC Scheme) or outside the DIFC (a Non- DIFC Scheme), unless otherwise provided. For example, the requirements in Rule 12.2.3 apply only in relation to a Non-DIFC Scheme.

2. GEN Rule 2.2.10H prohibits an Authorised Firm from Operating or Acting as the Administrator

of a Non-DIFC Scheme if the Scheme receives contributions from:

a.

a DIFC employer in respect of its employees under the Employment Law; or

b.

an employer in respect of its employees under another Dubai law.

Interpretation

12.1.2

In this Chapter:

(a) of an Employee Money Purchase Scheme;

“Administrator” means an Authorised Firm Acting as the Administrator

(b)

“Basic Wage” means an employee’s annual wage, excluding allowances and additional payments (such as bonuses);

(c)

“Beneficiary” means a Person nominated by a Member, or a Person legally entitled to a benefit if there is no valid nomination by a Member;

(d)

“Constitution”, in relation to an Employee Money Purchase Scheme, means:

(i)

if the Scheme uses a trust structure, the trust deed and trust rules of the trust;

150

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(ii)

if the Scheme is a body corporate, the articles of association or other equivalent governing documents of the body corporate; or

(iii)

in any other case, the documents that set out the relevant terms of the scheme;

(e)

“Core Benefits” means the benefits required to be paid to an Employee Money Purchase Scheme by:

(i)

a DIFC employer in respect of its employees under the Employment Law; or

(ii)

an employer in respect of its employees under a Dubai law;

(f)

“Operator” means an Authorised Firm