DUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

11

CROWDFUNDING

11.1 Overview

Guidance

1.

This chapter applies to an Authorised Firm that Operates a Crowdfunding Platform (an ‘operator’).

2.

A Crowdfunding Platform may be:

(a)

a Loan Crowdfunding Platform;

(b)

an Investment Crowdfunding Platform; or

(c)

a Property Investment Crowdfunding Platform.

3.

The terminology used in this chapter varies according to the type of Crowdfunding:

(a)

‘borrower’, ‘lender’ and ‘loan’ for Loan Crowdfunding;

(b)

‘Issuer’, ‘investor’ and ‘Investment’ for Investment Crowdfunding; and

(c)

‘seller’, ‘investor’ and ‘Investment’ for Property Investment Crowdfunding.

In this chapter, lenders, investors, borrowers, Issuers and sellers are collectively referred to as ‘users’ of a Crowdfunding Platform.

4.

In this chapter, sections 1, 2 and 3 apply to all Crowdfunding Platforms (unless specified otherwise); section 4 sets out additional requirements for Loan Crowdfunding; section 5 sets out additional requirements for Investment Crowdfunding and section 6 sets out additional requirements for Property Investment Crowdfunding.

5.

In addition to the Rules in this section, an operator is required to comply with other parts of COB such as chapters 1, 2 and 3 and, if it holds or controls Client Assets, sections 6.11 to 6.14.

6.

Both users of a Crowdfunding Platform who are providing funding and users who are seeking funding will be Clients of the operator. COB requirements will apply in relation to both types of Clients. Under section 3.3 and App 2, additional terms are required to be included in Client Agreements between a Crowdfunding Operator and its Clients (see Rules A2.1.5 and A2.1.6).

7.

An operator will need to comply with relevant AML requirements, such as carrying out customer due diligence on Clients.

8.

In the case of Investment Crowdfunding and Property Investment Crowdfunding, the issue of Investments may result in the application of requirements under the Markets Law such as Market Abuse provisions or, if an offer is not an Exempt Offer, Prospectus requirements.

9.

This chapter requires an operator to disclose specified information to assist potential users of the service to understand the risks of lending or investing using the Crowdfunding Platform. This information (see for example the information in Rules 11.3.1 to 11.3.3) is required to be disclosed on the operator’s website and on any other electronic medium through which its services can be accessed, so that it is generally available. Conversely, information about specific proposals available on a Crowdfunding Platform is required to be disclosed to existing Clients only (see for example Rule 11.3.7).

128

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

11.2 Application and interpretation

Application

11.2.1 This chapter applies to an Authorised Firm with respect to the Operation of a

Crowdfunding Platform.

Interpretation

11.2.2

In this chapter:

(a)

“borrower” means a Person that has borrowed or is seeking to borrow money using a Loan Crowdfunding Platform;

(b)

“commitment period” means the period specified by the operator during which lenders may commit to lending money to a particular borrower or investors may commit to investing with a particular Issuer or in a particular property;

(c)

“cooling-off period”, for Investment Crowdfunding or Property Investment Crowdfunding, means the period referred to in Rule 11.5.2 or 11.6.5 when an investor may withdraw his commitment to invest;

(d)

“investor” means an investor or potential investor using an Investment Crowdfunding Platform or a Property Investment Crowdfunding Platform;

(e)

“lender” means a Person who:

(i)

lends money under a loan agreement; or

(ii)

by assignment has assumed the rights and obligations of a Person who has lent money under a loan agreement;

(f)

“loan agreement” means a loan agreement between a borrower and a lender referred to in Rule 11.4.1;

(g)

“operator” means a Crowdfunding Operator;

(h)

“property” means land or buildings and includes a part of a building, such as an apartment