for Loan Crowdfunding:

(i)

the number and aggregate value of loans in default;

(ii)

the actual default rates as a percentage of loans entered into on the platform; and

(iii)

the expected default or failure rates; and

(b)

for Investment Crowdfunding, the actual and expected failure rate of Issuers who use the platform.

(2) The information referred to in (1) must:

(a)

for actual default or failure rates, cover the period since the operator began providing the service;

(b)

for expected default or failure rates, set out a summary of the assumptions used in determining those expected rates; and

(c)

be presented in a way that is fair, clear and not misleading.

(3) A Loan Crowdfunding Operator must, in addition to the information referred to in (1) and (2), disclose prominently on its website and on any other electronic medium through which its services can be accessed, as at the end of each quarter of a calendar year (being March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31), the total number of loans entered into on the platform for which repayment has not been made by the due date, and include a breakdown of late payments according to the following categories:

(a)

60 days or less past the due date;

(b)

61 to 90 days past the due date;

(c)

91 to 120 days past the due date;

(d)

121 to 180 days past the due date; and

(e)

more than 180 days past the due date.

(4)

The disclosures required under this Rule must be updated within seven days after the end of each relevant quarter.

Guidance

1.

Rule 11.3.2 requires a Loan Crowdfunding Operator to disclose historical information about the default rates of loans entered into on the platform. It also requires the operator to set out expected default rates in the future for loans entered into on the platform.

131

COB/VER48/03-25

11.3.3

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

2.

An Investment Crowdfunding Operator is required to disclose similar information about the failure rates of Issuers on its platform. In this context, failure of an Issuer should include where an Issuer defaults on payments, becomes insolvent, is wound up or ceases to carry on business.

3.

Information about default and failure rates is intended to assist potential lenders or investors to assess the risks of lending or investing using the platform.

4.

If an operator is a start-up entity, it may base the information on crowdfunding services provided by other members of the Group, provided it states clearly the basis for the information it provides.

5.

Rule 11.3.2 does not apply to Property Investment Crowdfunding due to the different nature of the Investment i.e. the Investment is in a property rather than a business or project.

6.

In compiling information relating to loan defaults, a Loan Crowdfunding Operator is expected to:

(a) consider loans where it reasonably believes full repayment is unlikely, regardless of

whether the loan is currently past the due date or not; and

(b) treat loans that are over 90 days past the due date as being in default.

7.

In order to meet the requirements in Rule 11.3.2 (3), the Loan Crowdfunding Operator should measure the number of days past the due date from the earliest contractual date on which a payment is due but has not been made.

Information about the service

(1) An operator must disclose prominently on its website and on any other its services can be accessed key

electronic medium information about how its service operates, including:

through which

(a)

details of how the platform functions;

(b)

details of how and by whom the operator is remunerated for the service it provides, including fees and charges it imposes;

(c)

any financial interest of the operator or a Related Person that may create a conflict of interest;

(d)

the eligibility criteria for borrowers, Issuers or sellers that use the service;

(e)

the minimum and maximum value, if any, of loans or Investments that may be sought by a borrower or an Issuer using the service, or of property that may be sold by a seller using the service;

(f)

what, if any, security is usually sought from borrowers or Issuers, when it might be exercised and any limitations on its use;

(g)

the eligibility criteria for lenders or investors that