the method of calculation of any bonuses;

(b)

an indication of surrender values and paid-up values, and the extent to which any such values are guaranteed;

(c)

for unit-linked insurance contracts, definition of the units to which they are linked, and a description of the underlying assets;

(d)

the basis of any projections included in the information; and

(e)

any facts that are material to the decision to invest, including risks associated with the investment and factors that may adversely affect the performance of the investments.

7.7.4 Deleted

7.8

Suitability

7.8.1

An Insurer or an Insurance Intermediary must comply with the suitability requirement set out in section 3.4 when conducting any Insurance or Insurance Intermediation Business with or for a Retail Client in respect of Direct Long-Term Insurance.

7.8.2

(1)

Subject to Rule 7.8.3, an Insurer or Insurance Intermediary must only make a recommendation to a Retail Client to enter into a Contract of Insurance that is General Insurance where it has taken reasonable steps to ensure that the recommended Contract of Insurance is suitable in light of the Client’s demands and needs.

(2)

The Insurer or Insurance Intermediary must obtain from a Retail Client such information as is necessary to identify the Client’s circumstances and objectives, and consider whether the terms of the particular contract of General Insurance meet the requirements identified.

Guidance

Simple and easy to understand general insurance products, such as motor insurance, do not require a detailed suitability assessment. However, in other cases, the information which an Insurer or Insurance Intermediary would generally need to have about the Client’s needs and demands, before making a recommendation about a product, include:

a.

details relating to the purpose for which the Client is seeking to obtain insurance cover (e.g., what risks the Client wishes to cover);

b.

the Client’s circumstances, including financial, to assess the type of exclusions and level of excess the Client wishes to accept, or is suitable for the particular Client; and

c.

any other matters relevant to the particular type of insurance product or market.

7.8.3

An Insurer and an Insurance Intermediary may only recommend to a Client a contract of General Insurance that does not meet all the Client’s requirements if it clearly explains to the Client, at the point of making the recommendation, that the contract does not fully meet the Client’s requirements and the differences in the insurance recommended.

81

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Guidance

When deciding what level of explanation is appropriate for a Client to whom a contract of insurance that does not fully meet that Client’s requirements is recommended, the Insurer or Insurance Intermediary should take into consideration the knowledge held by the Client in relation to the type of insurance in question. The explanation should include sufficient information so that the Client can understand easily the differences between what is recommended and the Client’s requirements, and the advantages and disadvantages of the recommended insurance, including any financial or other risks the Client may face if the recommended policy does not fully meet the Client’s requirements.

7.8.4 Where an Insurance Intermediary is instructed to obtain insurance which is contrary to the advice that it has given to a Client, the Insurance Intermediary must obtain from the Client written confirmation of the Client’s instructions before arranging or buying the relevant insurance.

7.9 Managing conflicts of interest

7.9.1

(1)

An Insurance Intermediary or Insurance Manager must manage any conflict of interest to ensure that all its Clients are fairly treated and not prejudiced by any such interests.

(2)

An Insurance Intermediary or Insurance Manager must manage the conflict of interest by disclosing such conflict to the Clients in writing either generally or in relation to a specific Transaction.

(3)

If an Insurance Intermediary or Insurance Manager is unable to manage a conflict of interest, it must decline to act for the Client.

Guidance

1. An Insurance Intermediary, when considering how it manages conflicts of interests, should clearly identify the capacity in which it acts and to whom it owes duties. For example, if it is acting as an Insurance Broker, it is acting as an agent for the policyholder and it has a duty to act in the best interests of the policyholder. If it is acting as an Insurance Agent, it