 to treat a Person as an ‘assessed’ Professional Client in reliance on the lower asset threshold specified in (1) on and after 1 April 2016 provided:

(a)

it is in respect of the Financial Services carried on with or for the Client prior to that date; and

(b)

the firm continues to ensure that all the other applicable requirements in this chapter are met in respect of that Client.

22

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

3

CORE RULES – INVESTMENT BUSINESS, ACCEPTING DEPOSITS, PROVIDING CREDIT, PROVIDING TRUST SERVICES, OPERATING A CROWDFUNDING PLATFORM, OPERATING AN EMPLOYEE MONEY PURCHASE SCHEME, ACTING AS THE ADMINISTRATOR OF AN EMPLOYEE MONEY PURCHASE SCHEME, PROVIDING MONEY SERVICES, ARRANGING OR ADVISING ON MONEY SERVICES AND CRYPTO BUSINESS

Guidance

1.

The Rules in this chapter give support to the Principles in GEN section 4.2 and in particular Principles 1, 2, 6 and 7.

2.

There are additional Rules that apply to Authorised Firms in other chapters of this module, which are more specific to the nature of the Financial Service conducted by the Authorised Firm.

3.1

Application

3.1.1

This chapter applies to an Authorised Firm which carries on or intends to carry on:

(a)

Investment Business;

(b)

Accepting Deposits;

(c)

Providing Credit;

(d)

Providing Trust Services;

(e)

Operating a Crowdfunding Platform;

(f)

Operating an Employee Money Purchase Scheme;

(g)

Acting as the Administrator of an Employee Money Purchase Scheme;

(h)

Providing Money Services;

(i)

Arranging or Advising on Money Services; or

(j)

Crypto Business,

except where it is expressly provided otherwise.

3.2

Communication of information and marketing material

General

3.2.1 When communicating information to a Person in relation to a financial product or financial service, an Authorised Firm must take reasonable steps to ensure that the communication is clear, fair and not misleading.

23

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

3.2.2

An Authorised Firm must not, in any form of communication with a Person, including an agreement, attempt to limit or avoid any duty or liability it may have to that Person or any other Person under legislation administered by the DFSA.

3.2.3 Where a Rule in COB requires information to be sent to a Client, the Authorised Firm must provide that information directly to the Client and not to another Person, unless it is on the written instructions of the Client.

Guidance

In Rule 3.2.2, a communication would include a financial promotion, a client agreement, terms of business, financial product terms and conditions, a mandate, power of attorney entered into for the purposes of a financial service or product and any other communication which relates in whole or in part to the provision of a financial service or product.

Marketing material

3.2.4

(1)

An Authorised Firm must ensure communicated to a Person contains the following information:

that any marketing material

(a)

the name of the Authorised Firm communicating the marketing material or, on whose behalf the marketing material is being communicated;

(b)

the Authorised Firm’s regulatory status as required under GEN section 6.4; and

(c)

if the marketing material is intended only for Professional Clients or Market Counterparties, a clear statement to that effect and that no other Person should act upon it.

(2)

In (1), marketing material includes any invitation or inducement to enter into an agreement:

(a)

in relation to a financial product or to engage in a Financial Service with the Authorised Firm; or

(b)

in relation to a financial product or financial service offered by a Person other than the Authorised Firm.

(3)

An Authorised Firm which communicates marketing material in (2)(b) must:

(a)

ensure that the marketing material complies with the applicable Rules and any legislation administered by the DFSA; and

(b)

not distribute such marketing material if it becomes aware that the Person offering the financial product or financial service to which the material relates is in breach of the regulatory requirements that apply to that Person in relation to that product or service.

