 activities in other jurisdictions;

(f)

the assets of its Clients are properly managed and safeguarded; and

(g)

the recruitment, training and motivation of staff is sufficient to meet the obligations of the business.

5.7

Recording of Selection Criteria

5.7.1 Where the Trust Service Provider seeks the advice of a third party in connection with a Client’s affairs, for example to advise on or manage investments, the Trust Service Provider must record the criteria for selection of the adviser and the reasons for the selection made.

5.7.2

The Trust Service Provider must monitor the performance of the adviser and ensure that it is in a position to change advisers if it is in the interests of the Client.

5.8

Qualification and experience of Trust Service Provider staff

5.8.1

Staff employed or Persons recommended by the Trust Service Provider must have appropriate qualifications and experience.

5.8.2

A Trust Service Provider must ensure that all transactions or decisions entered into, taken by or on behalf of Clients are properly authorised and handled by Persons with an appropriate level of knowledge, experience, qualifications and status according to the nature and status of the transactions or decisions involved (this applies also to decisions taken by trustees who are recommended by, but not employed by, a Trust Service Provider).

5.8.3

A Trust Service Provider must ensure that, each of its officers and employees, agents, Persons acting with its instructions and Persons it recommends to act as trustees have an appropriate understanding of the fiduciary and other duties of a trustee and any duties arising under the laws relevant to the administration and affairs of Clients for which they are acting in the jurisdictions in which they are carrying on business and in which the assets being managed are held.

5.8.4

A Trust Service Provider must ensure that staff competence is kept up to date through training and continuous professional development as appropriate.

39

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

5.9

Books and records

5.9.1

The books and records of a Trust Service Provider must be sufficient to demonstrate adequate and orderly management of Clients’ affairs. A Trust Service Provider must prepare proper accounts, at appropriately regular intervals on the trusts and underlying companies administered for its Clients. Where trusts and underlying companies are governed by the laws of a jurisdiction that require accounts to be kept in a particular form, the Trust Service Provider must meet those requirements. In any case, the Trust Service Provider’s books and records must be sufficient to allow the recreation of the transactions of the business and its Clients and to demonstrate what assets are due to each Client and what liabilities are attributable to each Client. The books and records must also include sufficient details about service providers and agents engaged on behalf of the trust.

5.10 Due diligence

5.10.1 A Trust Service Provider must, at all times, have verified documentary evidence of the settlors, trustees (in addition to the Trust Service Provider itself) and principal named beneficiaries of trusts for which it Provides Trust Services. In the case of discretionary trusts with the capacity for the trustee to add further beneficiaries, a Trust Service Provider must also have verified, where reasonably possible, documentary evidence of any Person who receives a distribution from the trust and any other Person who is named in a memorandum or letter of wishes as being a likely recipient of a distribution from a trust.

5.10.2 A Trust Service Provider must demonstrate that it has knowledge of the source of funds that have been settled into trusts or have been used to provide capital to companies, or have been used in transactions with which the Trust Service Provider has an involvement.

5.11 Fitness and Propriety of Persons acting as trustees

5.11.1 Where a Trust Service Provider arranges for a Person who is not an employee of the Trust Service Provider to act as trustee for a Client of the Trust Service Provider, the Trust Service Provider must ensure that such Person is fit and proper.

5.11.2 A Trust Service Provider must notify the DFSA of the appointment of a Person under Rule 5.11.1, including the name and business address if applicable and the date of commencement of the appointment.

5.11.3 Prior to the appointment of such a Person to act as a trustee, the Trust Service Provider must take reasonable steps to ensure that the Person has the required skills, experience and resources to act as a trustee for a Client of