 of expertise and resources to perform its functions effectively.

2.

A Credit Rating Agency should undertake both periodic and ad hoc reviews of its Credit Ratings as appropriate to the nature of the Rating Subject, the market conditions and reasonable expectations of users of such Credit Ratings. Such reviews should apply any changes in its rating methodologies and models, including rating assumptions.

3.

A Credit Rating Agency should have clear and published parameters relating to the review of Credit Ratings, including, to the extent possible, when it will undertake any ad hoc reviews. Such parameters should include any material change in the risk characteristics of the Rating Subject or significant changes in the markets which relate to, or affect, the Rating Subject.

4.

A Credit Rating Agency may place under surveillance a Rating Subject upon becoming aware of any material changes relating to, or affecting, it. A Credit Rating Agency should consider whether, in such circumstances, it is appropriate to give any prior notice that the relevant Rating Subject is under surveillance.

Integrity of the credit rating process

Policies and procedures

To promote integrity of its credit rating process, a Credit Rating Agency must implement adequate policies, procedures and controls to ensure that it and its Employees:

94

COB/VER48/03-25

8.5

8.5.1

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(a)

comply with all the applicable legal and other requirements, including those relating to its Credit Rating Activities, regardless of where such activities are carried on;

(b)

deal fairly and honestly with Rating Subjects and Persons using or relying on its Credit Ratings, such as investors and other market participants, including the public; and

(c)

do not, either expressly or implicitly, or guarantees of a particular rating outcome before undertaking a full analysis the applicable of methodologies and models.

assurances

any

give

in accordance with

Information

the Relevant

Guidance

1. Where a Credit Rating Agency undertakes activities in a number of jurisdictions, the effect of Rule 8.4.1 is that it will need to ensure that respective obligations arising in all those jurisdictions are effectively met as appropriate. In doing so, it will need to take account of the application of the DFSA regime to Group and Branch operations (see Guidance 1 and 2 under Rule 8.3.1). A Credit Rating Agency is required, under GEN Rule 7.5.1(2), to have an Authorised Individual as its Compliance Officer. It is the responsibility of the Compliance Officer to ensure proper observance by the Credit Rating Agency and its Employees, particularly Rating Analysts, of the applicable legal and other obligations, including any code of conduct/ethics adopted by the Credit Rating Agency. Such a code should generally set out matters relating to unacceptable and unethical behaviour which should be avoided by its Employees. See also Guidance 2 under section 8.1.1.

Conflicts of interest and independence

Guidance

1.

There is a significant overlap between conflicts of interest and lack of independence of Employees (who include Rating Analysts). Therefore, some of the requirements set out in this section, while promoting independence of Credit Rating Agencies, are equally relevant for the purpose of addressing conflicts of interest. For convenience, they are set out under distinct headings.

2.

The more detailed requirements set out in this section are designed to enable a Credit Rating Agency to meet the requirements set out under COB Rule 8.2.2 (Principle 2 – Independence and transparency). For this purpose, a Credit Rating Agency should have a detailed code of conduct/ethics that sets out its policies and procedures for meeting the requirements including those in this module covering aspects relating to conflicts of interest, as well as independence, of its Employees. See also Guidance 2 under section 8.1.1.

Policies and procedures

A Credit Rating Agency must have adequate, clear and well documented policies, procedures and controls to:

(a)

promote high standards of care, independence and objectivity in decision making by its Employees;

95

COB/VER48/03-25

8.5.2

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(b)

ensure that its Credit Ratings are not influenced by any considerations other than those which are relevant in accordance with its published methodologies and models as applicable to the particular Rating Subject; and

(c)

identify, and eliminate or manage, as appropriate, including through disclosure, any conflicts of interest that may influence its Credit Ratings