 in respect of contracts of insurance in which both insurers participate;

d.

establishing Subsidiaries or Associates engaged or organised to engage exclusively in one or more of the businesses specified above; and

e.

giving advice relating to its own Contracts of Insurance.

2.

The DFSA may give individual guidance on other business activities that may be determined to be in direct connection with Insurance Business.

7.2.6 An Insurance Manager must not underwrite on behalf of a Non-DIFC insurer in relation to a Contract of Insurance with or for a Retail Client, unless the Insurance Manager has obtained the prior written approval of the DFSA in respect of that insurer.

76

COB/VER48/03-25

7.3

7.3.1

7.4

7.4.1

7.4.2

7.4.3

7.5

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Guidance

For the purposes of Rule 7.2.6, an Insurance Manager should submit to the DFSA sufficient information to establish that the Non-DIFC insurer for which it proposes to act is fit and proper and is subject to adequate regulation in its home jurisdiction.

Communication of information and marketing material

General obligation

(1)

When communicating any information in relation to Insurance Business, Insurance Intermediation or Insurance Management to a Person, an Authorised Firm must the communication is clear, fair and not misleading.

take reasonable steps

to ensure

that

(2)

An Insurer, Insurance Intermediary or Insurance Manager must not, in any form of communication with a Person, including an agreement, attempt to limit or avoid any duty or liability it may have to that Person under legislation administered by the DFSA.

(3)

An Insurer or Insurance Intermediary must, when providing or directing marketing material to a Client, comply with the requirements in section 3.2, if the marketing material relates to a Direct Long-Term Insurance Contract.

Client’s duty of disclosure

An Insurer or Insurance Intermediary must explain to a Client:

(a)

the Client’s duty to disclose all circumstances material to the insurance both before the insurance commences and during the continuance of the policy; and

(b)

the consequence of any failure by the Client to make such disclosures.

An Insurance Intermediary must explain to a Client that all answers or statements given on a proposal form, claim form or any other relevant document are the Client’s own responsibility and that the Client is responsible for checking the accuracy of such information.

If an Insurance Intermediary believes that any disclosure of material facts by a Client is not true, fair or complete, it must request the Client to make the necessary true, fair or complete disclosure, and if this is not forthcoming must consider declining to continue acting on that Client’s behalf.

Authorised Firm’s duty of disclosure

Guidance

If an Authorised Firm is required to provide information to a Client or potential Client under this section or any other section in this Chapter before providing a service or doing anything, then the

77

COB/VER48/03-25

7.5.1

7.5.2

7.5.3

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

information should be provided in good time before providing the service or doing the thing so that the Client has sufficient time to make an informed decision.

(1)

An Insurer, Insurance Intermediary or Insurance Manager must, subject to (3), disclose to a Client:

(a)

the name and address of the insurer or insurers effecting the Contract of Insurance;

(b)

its own name and address where different; and

(c)

contact details of the Person to whom a claim is to be notified.

(2)

The disclosures in (1) must be made before effecting or placing the Contract of Insurance, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.

(3)

An Insurance Manager is not required to make the disclosure under (1) to an insurer to whom it provides Insurance Management services.

(1)

An Insurance Intermediary or Insurance Manager must, subject to (3), disclose to a Client if:

(a)

it has a direct or indirect holding representing 10% or more of the voting rights or capital in an insurer; or

(b)

an insurer, or its parent undertaking, has a direct or indirect holding representing 10% or more of the voting rights or