uring and financing advice or arranging credit under Rule 2.3.6), and not so with regard to other Financial Services, an Authorised Firm needs to take care that the Client is appropriately and correctly classified with respect to each Financial Service. This may mean that the same Client may receive both Professional Client treatment with regard to some Financial Services and Retail Client treatment with regard to other Financial Services. Where a Client cannot be classified as a Professional Client with regard to some Financial Services, the Authorised Firm can only provide such services to the Client if it has a Retail Endorsement on its Licence.

Client classifications and Client Agreements

10. Rule 2.4.4 provides a degree of flexibility for an Authorised Firm which is a Branch operation or member of a Group to rely on client classifications made by its head office or any other branch of the same legal entity, or by a member of its Group. Where such reliance is placed, the Authorised Firm should be able to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the DFSA that the reliance is reasonable because the applicable requirements are substantially similar and, where this is not the case, any identified differences (i.e. gaps) are suitably addressed to enable the firm to meet its obligations relating to client classification under this chapter. It is also possible that an Authorised Firm which is a member of a Group may have some Clients to whom it provides Financial Services as a Retail Client, whilst other Group members may provide Financial Services to the same Client as a Professional Client. While an Authorised Firm may rely on the client classifications made by a Group member under Rule 2.4.4, it is the responsibility of the firm to ensure that the correct classification is adopted by it for the purposes of the Financial Services it provides to the Client (see Rule 2.4.4). See also Rule 3.3.4, which provides a degree of flexibility for an Authorised Firm which is a Branch to rely on a Client Agreement made by its head office or any other branch of the same legal entity, or by a member of the Group, provided the requirements in that Rule are met.

Group clients

12. Rule 2.4.5 is designed to provide a greater degree of flexibility to an Authorised Firm providing Financial Services to a Client in a Group context, where more than one member of the Group may be providing Financial Services which form a bundle of services. Each Group may have different arrangements to provide a number of services to a Client. Depending on the nature of the arrangement the Group adopts, and the Financial Services involved, risks associated with such arrangements could also differ. Therefore, Rule 2.4.5 sets out the outcomes which need to be achieved by an Authorised Firm where it participates in a Group arrangement under which a bundle of Financial Services is provided to a Client by different members within its Group. See also Rule 3.3.4, which provides a degree of flexibility for an Authorised Firm participating in an arrangement under which a bundle of Financial Services is provided to a Client where reliance can be made on a Client Agreement executed by a Group member, provided the requirements in that Rule are met. Section 2.6 contains provisions designed to enable Authorised Firms to make a smooth transition to the new client classification regime that came into force on 1 April 2015. These Rules, among other things:

12. Rule 2.4.5 is designed to provide a greater degree of flexibility to an Authorised Firm providing Financial Services to a Client in a Group context, where more than one member of the Group may be providing Financial Services which form a bundle of services. Each Group may have different arrangements to provide a number of services to a Client. Depending on the nature of the arrangement the Group adopts, and the Financial Services involved, risks associated with such arrangements could also differ. Therefore, Rule 2.4.5 sets out the outcomes which need to be achieved by an Authorised Firm where it participates in a Group arrangement under which a bundle of Financial Services is provided to a Client by different members within its Group. See also Rule 3.3.4, which provides a degree of flexibility for an Authorised Firm participating in an arrangement under which a bundle of Financial Services is provided to a Client where reliance can be made on a Client Agreement executed by a Group member, provided the requirements in that Rule are met. Section 2.6 contains provisions designed to enable