 Service other than Operating a Credit Rating Agency. Even if a Credit Rating Agency has an authorisation to provide such a Financial Service, it is prevented from providing such services to a Rating Subject or a Related Party because of the prohibition in Rule 8.5.2(1).

3.

Ancillary services referred to in Rule 8.5.2(3) include, for example, market forecasts, estimates of economic trends, pricing analysis and other general data analysis as well as related distribution services. These services can be provided to Rating Subjects and their Related Parties where the requirements in Rule 8.5.2(3) are met. These services are also unlikely to constitute other Financial Services.

4.

A Credit Rating Agency should separate operationally its Credit Rating Activities from any ancillary services it provides in accordance with Rule 8.5.2(3). For example, Rating Analysts and other key individuals involved in Credit Rating Activities should not also be involved in the provision of such services.

5. Where a Group member provides to a Rating Subject of a Credit Rating Agency any ancillary services, the Credit Rating Agency and the Group member should not share Employees or premises to ensure operational separation.

Credit Rating Agency fees

A Credit Rating Agency must not enter into fee arrangements for providing Credit Ratings where the fee depends on the rating outcome or on any other result or outcome of the Credit Rating Activities.

Other conflicts of interest

A Credit Rating Agency must not engage in any securities or derivatives transactions with, relating to, or in respect of, a Rating Subject or its Related Party in circumstances where such a transaction would amount to, or pose a risk of, a conflict of interest with respect to its Credit Rating Activities.

Guidance

Examples of investments which would not present conflicts of interest include investments in collective investment funds which might contain investments in a Rating Subject or its Related Party.

97

COB/VER48/03-25

8.6

8.6.1

8.6.2

8.6.3

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Independence of Rating Analysts and other Employees

Policies and procedures

A Credit Rating Agency must have adequate policies, procedures and controls to ensure that its Employees, as far as practicable, avoid relationships which compromise or are reasonably likely to compromise the independence and objectivity of its Credit Rating Activities.

(1)

A Credit Rating Agency must ensure that its Employees who are directly involved in preparing or reviewing a Credit Rating of a Rating Subject do not initiate, or participate in, discussions regarding fees or payments with the Rating Subject or a Related Party of the Rating Subject.

(2)

A Credit Rating Agency must ensure that its Employees who are directly involved in preparing or reviewing a Credit Rating of a Rating Subject, and their Close Relatives, do not engage in any securities or derivative transactions with, relating to, or in respect of, the Rating Subject or a Related Party of the Rating Subject in circumstances where such a transaction would amount to, or pose a risk of, a conflict of interest with respect to the activities of the relevant Employee.

Guidance

This Rule should be read in conjunction with Rule 8.2.2, pursuant to which, Employees of a Credit Rating Agency need to be independent and free from conflicts of interest. Such conflicts of interest include the appearance of being compromised as result of a personal relationship which he or his Close Relatives have with a Rating Subject or a Related Party of a Rating Subject. The Credit Rating Agency’s policies and procedures should clearly set out where a personal relationship should be considered to create the potential for any real or apparent conflicts of interest and therefore be subject to the conflicts of interest provisions.

(1)

A Credit Rating Agency must ensure that its Employees who have a relevant material interest in a Rating Subject or its Related Party are not involved in the preparation or review of the relevant Credit Rating or able to influence that process.

(2)

For the purposes of Rule 8.6.3(1), an Employee of a Credit Rating Agency has a material interest in a Rating Subject if the Employee:

(a)

owns a security or a derivative relating to a Rating Subject or its Related Party, other in diversified collective investment funds;

than holdings

(b)

has had a recent employment or other significant business relationship with a Rating Subject or its Related Party which may cause, or may be perceived as causing, conflicts of interest; or

(c)

has a Close Relative who is currently employed