, then that may be treated as their primary residence and the

16

COB/VER48/03-25

2.4.3

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

value of the residence in the home country of the individual may be counted for the purposes of meeting the net asset test, provided there is sufficient evidence of ownership and an objective valuation of the relevant premises.

4.

An Authorised Firm should be able to demonstrate that it has objective evidence of the ownership and valuation of any assets taken into account for the purposes of meeting the net asset test.

Assessment of knowledge and experience

(1) For the purpose of the analysis required under Rules 2.3.7(1)(b)(ii) and 2.3.8(1)(b), an Authorised Firm must include, where applicable, consideration of the following matters:

(a)

the Person’s knowledge and understanding of the relevant financial markets, types of financial products or arrangements and the risks involved either generally or in relation to a proposed Transaction;

(b)

the length of time the Person has participated in relevant financial markets, the frequency of dealings and the extent to which the Person has relied on professional financial advice;

(c)

the size and nature of transactions that have been undertaken by, or on behalf of, the Person in relevant financial markets;

(d)

the Person’s relevant qualifications relating to financial markets;

(e)

the composition and size of the Person’s existing financial investment portfolio;

(f)

in the case of credit or insurance transactions, relevant experience in relation to similar transactions to be able to understand the risks associated with such transactions; and

(g)

any other matters which the Authorised Firm considers relevant.

(2) Where the analysis is being carried out in respect of an Undertaking, the analysis must be applied, as appropriate, to those individuals who are authorised to undertake transactions on behalf of the Undertaking.

Guidance

Generally, an Authorised Firm may consider a Person to have relevant experience and understanding where such a Person:

a.

has been involved in similar transactions in a professional or personal capacity sufficiently frequently to give the Authorised Firm reasonable assurance that the Person is able to make decisions of the relevant kind, understanding the type of risks involved; or

b.

is found to be acting, in relation to the particular transaction involved, in reliance on a recommendation made by an Authorised Firm or Regulated Financial Institution.

17

COB/VER48/03-25

2.4.4

2.4.5

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Reliance on a classification made elsewhere

(1) This Rule applies to an Authorised Firm which is a Branch or is a member of a

Group.

(2) An Authorised Firm may, subject to (3), rely on a client classification made, if it is a Branch, by its head office or any other branch of the same legal entity, or if it is a member of a Group, by any other member of its Group, if it has reasonable grounds to believe that such a client classification is substantially similar to the client classification required under this chapter.

(3)

If any gaps are identified between the requirements applicable to the Authorised Firm under this chapter and the requirements under which the client classification is carried out by another entity referred to in (2), the Authorised Firm may only rely on such a client classification if it has effectively addressed the identified gaps.

Guidance

1.

Generally, an Authorised Firm relying on this Rule should be able to demonstrate to the DFSA the due diligence process that it had undertaken to assess whether the client classification made by its head office or other branch of the same legal entity or a member of its Group substantially meets the client classification requirements in this chapter and, if any gaps are identified, how those gaps are effectively addressed. See Rule 2.5.3, which requires the provision of unrestricted access to records for demonstrating to the DFSA due compliance with this Rule.

2.

If an Authorised Firm wishes to use any client classification undertaken by any third party other than its head office or another branch of the same legal entity, or a member of its Group, such an arrangement is generally treated as an outsourcing arrangement. Therefore, the Authorised Firm would need to meet the GEN requirements relating to outsourcing.

Group clients

(1) This Rule applies to an Authorised Firm which:

(a)

is a member of a Group; and

(b