 insurance contracts, definition of the units to which they are linked, and a description of the underlying assets;

(d)

the basis of any projections included in the information; and

(e)

any facts that are material to the decision to invest, including any risks associated with the investment and factors that may adversely affect the performance of the investments.

Guidance

An Authorised Firm can only advise on Long-Term Insurance, or arrange Long-Term Insurance, if it has an authorisation for the Financial Services in GEN Rule 2.9.1 or GEN Rule 2.11.1, as is relevant.

6.16 Restricted Speculative Investments

Application

6.16.1 The Rules in this section apply to an Authorised Firm which carries on or intends to

carry on:

(a) Dealing in Investments as Principal;

(b) Dealing in Investments as Agent;

(c) Arranging Deals in Investments; or

(d) Advising on Financial Products;

62

COB/VER48/03-25

6.16.2

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

in relation to a Restricted Speculative Investment.

Guidance

In addition to the requirements in this section that apply to an Authorised Firm carrying on certain activities in relation to a Restricted Speculative Investments:

(a)

a person who makes a Financial Promotion relating to a Restricted Speculative Investment is required to comply with the requirements in GEN Chapter 3 (Financial Promotions), including GEN Rule 3.5.3, which specifically relates to a Restricted Speculative Investment; and

(b)

a Representative Office carrying on marketing activities relating to a Restricted Speculative Investment is required to comply with the requirements in the REP module, including REP Rule 4.10.1, which relates to the marketing of a Restricted Speculative Investment.

Interpretation

In this section:

(a)

“contract for differences (CFD)” means an instrument that falls within paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition of a Future in GEN Rule A2.3.1, other than a rolling spot forex contract;

(b)

“Deal in a Restricted Speculative Investment” means Deal in Investments as Principal in relation to a Restricted Speculative Investment;

(c)

“Margin” means the pre-agreed amount a Retail Client is required to pay in the form of money to open a position in relation to a Restricted Speculative Investment;

(d)

“over-the-counter Derivative” means an instrument that is not formed or traded on an Exchange or a Regulated Exchange;

(e)

“Restricted Speculative Investment” means an over-the-counter Derivative which is:

(i)

a leveraged contract for differences;

(ii)

a leveraged rolling spot forex contract;

(iii)

an Option over a contract referred to in (i) or (ii); or

(iv)

any other leveraged Investment similar in nature to an instrument referred to in (i), (ii) or (iii); and

(f)

“rolling spot forex contract” means an instrument that falls within paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition of a Future in GEN Rule A2.3.1 where the value of the contract is ultimately determined by reference, wholly or in part, to fluctuations in an exchange rate or the value of a currency.

Guidance

1. A Margin cannot be paid by a Retail Client through arrangements such as set-off or using credit cards (see Rule 6.16.10).

2. For the purposes of the definition of Restricted Speculative Investment, the term ‘leverage’ refers to a person’s exposure (potential gain or loss) being multiple times the gain or loss based on the

63

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

actual value, price or level of an underlying reference factor referred to in the Derivative contract.

3. The types of Derivatives which fall within the definition of a Restricted Speculative Investment may have labels such as ‘turbo certificates’, ‘knock out options’ and ‘delta options’. Where a contract has similar features to the contracts listed in Rule 6.16.2(e)(i), (ii) or (iii), it will also be subject to the requirements of this section (if offered or marketed to a Retail Client). In determining whether a contract is a Restricted Speculative Investment, the DFSA will look at the substance of an arrangement, as opposed to its mere form.

4. Restricted Spec