 for all members of the Group. To address this risk, it is good practice for each member of the Group to set out in writing (e.g. in the client agreement) the services for which it is responsible. See also Rule 3.3.4(3)(b) for the firm’s obligations.

5.

GEN section 5.3 sets out the systems and controls requirements that apply to all Authorised Firms. In order to meet those GEN requirements, an Authorised Firm relying on Rule 2.4.5 should consider, at a minimum, having the following:

a.

a clear description of the Group arrangement under which a bundle of financial services is provided – such as which member of the Group is responsible for which aspects of the

19

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

bundle of Financial Service provided to the Client, or alternatively, that collective responsibility would be assumed by all or some members of the Group;

b.

how the Client is classified for the purposes of the relevant Financial Service provided by the firm;

c.

identification of where records relating to client classification and Financial Services provided to the Client are maintained;

d.

which firm, if any, is responsible for the overall bundle of financial services and, if this is not the case, how the accountability for the financial services is apportioned among members within the Group;

e.

a client agreement (whether entered into by the Authorised Firm or by a member of its Group under Rule 3.3.4) which adequately covers all the financial services provided to the Client, including those provided by the firm; and

f.

what the identified risks are and how they are being addressed.

6.

See Rule 2.5.3 which requires the provision of unrestricted access to records for demonstrating to the DFSA due compliance with this Rule.

7.

Rule 2.4.5 is not expressly extended to a Branch as it is not a separate legal entity, and hence would generally have greater flexibility than Group members providing a bundle of services when providing Financial Services to a Client in conjunction with its head office or any other branch of the same legal entity. However, to the extent a Branch operates as a stand-alone entity, it may use the same outcome-based approach reflected in Rule 2.4.5 where it provides any Financial Services to a Client in conjunction with its head office or other branches of the same legal entity.

2.5 Record keeping

2.5.1 An Authorised Firm must keep records of:

(1)

the procedures which it has followed under the Rules in this chapter, including any documents which evidence the Client’s classification; and

(2) any notice sent to the Client under the Rules in this chapter and evidence of

despatch.

2.5.2

(1) The records in Rule 2.5.1 must be kept by an Authorised Firm for at least six years from the date on which the business relationship with a Client has ended.

(2)

In complying with (1), an Authorised Firm may, if the date on which the business relationship with the Client ended is unclear, treat the date of the completion of the last Transaction with the Client as the date on which the business relationship ended.

2.5.3

(1) Without limiting the generality of the record keeping requirements applicable to an Authorised Firm, an Authorised Firm must, where it relies on Rule 2.4.4 and Rule 2.4.5, ensure that the DFSA has unrestricted access to all the records required for the firm to be able to demonstrate to the DFSA its compliance with the applicable requirements, including any records maintained by or at its head office or any other branch of the same legal entity, or a member of its Group.

20

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(2) An Authorised Firm must notify the DFSA immediately if, for any reason, it is no longer able to provide unrestricted access to records as required under (1).

Guidance

1.

See GEN Rules 5.3.24 – 5.3.27 for the requirements relating to record keeping. These Rules require, among other things, that Authorised Firms be able to produce records, however kept, within a reasonable period not exceeding three business days.

2.

If an Author