5.3, which requires the provision of unrestricted access to records for demonstrating to the DFSA due compliance with this Rule.

2.

If an Authorised Firm wishes to use any client classification undertaken by any third party other than its head office or another branch of the same legal entity, or a member of its Group, such an arrangement is generally treated as an outsourcing arrangement. Therefore, the Authorised Firm would need to meet the GEN requirements relating to outsourcing.

Group clients

(1) This Rule applies to an Authorised Firm which:

(a)

is a member of a Group; and

(b) provides to a Client one or more Financial Services where the services provided by the firm form part of a bundle of financial services provided to that Client by it and its Group members.

(2) An Authorised Firm referred to in (1) must ensure that:

(a)

the client classification it adopts for any Financial Service which it provides to the Client is both consistent with the requirements in this chapter and appropriate for the overall bundle of financial services provided to that Client;

(b)

the Client has a clear understanding of the arrangement under which Financial Services are provided to the Client by the Authorised Firm in conjunction with the other members of the Group; and

(c)

any risks arising from the arrangements referred to in (b) are identified and appropriately and effectively addressed.

18

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Guidance

1.

The provision of a ‘bundle’ of financial services may involve different arrangements within different Groups. The DFSA considers that the provision of a ‘bundle’ of financial services occurs where:

a.

several members of a Group provide discrete stand-alone financial services to a single Client but do so as part of providing a complete suite of related financial services to that Client. An example would be where one member of the Group gives investment advice to the Client, another member of the Group executes the transaction (based on the advice) relating to a financial product and yet another member of the Group is the issuer of that financial product;

b.

several members of a Group provide different aspects of the same financial service to a single Client; or

c.

the bundle comprises any combination of both (a) and (b).

2.

A bundle of financial services referred to in 1 above can be project specific. An example is where a number of members within a Group providing discrete aspects of expertise that go to facilitate a merger and acquisition project of a Client. In such a situation, different members of the Group could prepare and provide:

a.

advice relating to a proposed restructure;

b.

advice relating to financing of the restructure; and

c.

arranging credit for financing the restructure.

3.

In order to provide flexibility for Authorised Firms which are members of a Group to provide such bundles of financial services to their Clients in a manner that suits the Client’s needs and the nature of the service, Rule 2.4.5 sets out the overarching objectives that must be achieved (i.e. outcome based requirements), rather than any detailed requirements. This Rule goes beyond a simple reliance on a ‘client classification’ made by another member of a Group under Rule 2.4.4.

4.

Depending on the nature of the arrangement under which Group members choose to provide to the same Client a bundle of Financial Services, and the nature of the Financial Services involved, the risks associated with such arrangements may vary. Some of the common risks that could arise, and therefore would need to be addressed, include:

a.

conflicting legal requirements applicable to the provision of the relevant Financial Services, particularly if the members of the Group are located in different jurisdictions; and

b.

a Client not being able to identify clearly the actual service provider or providers and resulting legal exposure to the Client that may arise for all members of the Group. To address this risk, it is good practice for each member of the Group to set out in writing (e.g. in the client agreement) the services for which it is responsible. See also Rule 3.3.4(3)(b) for the firm’s obligations.

5.

GEN section 5.3 sets out the systems and controls requirements that apply to all Authorised Firms. In order to meet those GEN requirements, an Authorised Firm relying on Rule 2.4.5 should consider, at a minimum, having the following:

