 least:

(a)

3.3% of the value of the exposure that the trade provides when the underlying asset is a major currency pair;

(b)

5% of the value of the exposure that the trade provides when the underlying asset is a non-major currency pair, major equity index, treasury asset or gold;

(c)

10% of the value of the exposure that the trade provides when the underlying asset is a non-major equity index or a commodity other than gold;

(d)

50% of the value of the exposure that the trade provides when the underlying asset is a Crypto Token; or

(e)

20% of the value of the exposure that the trade provides when the underlying asset is an asset not referred to in (a) to (d).

(2)

In this Rule:

(a)

“major currency pair” means a pairing of any two of the following major currencies:

(i)

United States Dollar;

(ii)

Euro;

(iii)

Japanese Yen;

(iv)

Pound Sterling;

(v)

Swiss Franc;

(vi)

Canadian Dollar;

(vii)

Australian Dollar; or

(viii) New Zealand Dollar;

(b)

“major equity index” means an index specified in the following table:

68

COB/VER48/03-25

6.16.7

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Australia Austria Belgium Canada France Germany European

Hong Kong Italy Japan Korea Netherlands Singapore Spain Sweden Switzerland UK US

All Ordinaries Austrian Traded Index BEL 20 TSE 35, TSE 100, TSE 300 CAC 40, SBF 250 DAX Dow Jones Stoxx 50 Index, FTSE Eurotop 300, MSCI Euro Index Hang Seng MIB 30 Nikkei 225, Nikkei 300, TOPIX Kospi AEX Straits Times Index IBEX 35 OMX SMI FTSE 100, FTSE Mid 250, FTSE All Share S&P 500, Dow Jones NASDAQ Composite, Russell 2000

Industrial Average,

;and

(c)

“treasury asset” means an issue of public debt by or on behalf of:

(i)

the United Kingdom;

(ii)

the United States of America;

(iii)

France;

(iv)

Australia;

(v)

Germany;

(vi)

Japan;

(vii) Canada; or

(viii) Switzerland.

Margin close out requirements for Retail Clients

(1) An Authorised Firm that Deals in a Restricted Speculative Investment must ensure that the net equity in a Retail Client’s account does not fall below 50% of the overall Margin deposited in that account.

(2) For the purposes of (1), where a Retail Client’s net equity falls below 50% of the overall Margin deposited in that account, the Authorised Firm must close all open positions in the Retail Client’s account:

69

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(a) as soon as market conditions allow; and

(b)

in accordance with the best execution requirement in Rule 6.4.2.

(3)

In this Rule, “net equity” means the sum of the Retail Client’s net profit and loss on their open position(s) and the Retail Client’s deposited Margin.

Negative Balance Protection

6.16.8 The liability of a Retail Client for all Restricted Speculative Investments connected to that Retail Client’s trading account with an Authorised Firm that Deals in Restricted Speculative Investments, is limited to the funds in that trading account.

Guidance

1.

The effect of the above Rule is to prevent a Retail Client from incurring losses exceeding the funds the Retail Client has specifically dedicated to trading in Restricted Speculative Investments. As a result, an Authorised Firm that has opened a trading account for a Retail Client to trade in Restricted Speculative Investments will not be able to recover any losses from the Retail Client that go beyond the funds in the Retail Client’s trading account.

2.

Funds in the Retail Client’s trading account are generally cash in the account, and include unrealised net profits from open positions (i.e. the sum of unrealised gains and losses of all open positions recorded in the Retail Client’s account) in respect of all Restricted Speculative Investments held in the Retail Client’s trading account.

Offer of incentives prohibited

6.16.9 (1) An Authorised Firm must not offer or provide to a Retail Client any incentive