”, or “Arranging Credit and Advising on Credit”; and

(b)

the service in (a) is provided for the purposes of ‘corporate structuring and financing’.

(2)

In (1), ‘corporate structuring and financing’:

(a)

includes:

(i)

providing advice relating to an acquisition, disposal, structuring, restructuring, financing or refinancing of a corporation or other legal entity; or

(ii)

arranging credit for a purpose referred to in (i); and

10

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(b)

excludes any Advising on Financial Products, Arranging Deals in Investments or Arranging Credit and Advising on Credit, provided to an individual for the purposes of, or in connection with, the management of that individual’s investments.

Guidance

1.

This Rule enables an Authorised Firm to classify a Person obtaining advice or arranging credit for the purposes of corporate structuring and financing as a Professional Client based on the nature of such activities, which are generally sought by Persons with greater expertise and resources than Retail Clients. Such advice and arranging occurs in the context of takeovers and merger activities and capital raising activities of companies, including any Initial Public Offerings or other offers of securities for capital raising purposes.

2.

If a Client seeking corporate structuring and financing services is also a Person who falls within the category of a ‘deemed’ Professional Client under Rule 2.3.4, an Authorised Firm may provide to such a Person those services without having to meet the requirements in Rule 2.3.6.

3.

Under Rule 2.3.6(2)(b), any advisory and arranging services given to an individual who is a wealth management Client for the purposes of their investment activities or portfolio management are excluded because such Clients are not necessarily Professional Clients. Therefore, for such a Client to qualify as a Professional Client, he would need to be an ‘assessed’ Professional Client, which requires an assessment of his net assets and expertise against the requirements in Rules 2.4.2 and 2.4.3.

2.3.6A For the purposes of the reference in Rule 2.3.3(1)(a)(ii) to this Rule, a Person is a

‘service-based’ Professional Client if:

(a)

the Financial Service being provided to the Person is Loan Crowdfunding or Investment Crowdfunding; and

(b)

the Person is a Body Corporate and is using the service to borrow funds from lenders or to obtain funds from investors.

‘Assessed’ Professional Clients

Individuals

2.3.7

(1) For the purposes of Rule 2.3.3(1)(a)(iii), an individual is an ‘assessed’

Professional Client if:

(a)

the individual has net assets of at least $1 million calculated in accordance with Rule 2.4.2; and

(b) either:

(i)

the individual is, or has been, in the previous two years, an Employee in a relevant professional position of an Authorised Firm or a Regulated Financial Institution; or

(ii)

the individual appears, on reasonable grounds, to have sufficient financial markets, experience and understanding of relevant

11

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

products or transactions and any associated risks, following the analysis set out in Rule 2.4.3.

(2) An Authorised Firm may classify any legal structure or vehicle, such as an Undertaking, trust or foundation, which is set up solely for the purpose of facilitating the management of an investment portfolio of an individual assessed as meeting the requirements in (1) as a Professional Client.

(3) An Authorised Firm may also classify as a Professional Client another individual (the “joint account holder”) who has a joint account with an individual assessed as meeting the requirements in (1) (the “primary account holder”) if:

(a)

the joint account holder is a family member of the primary account holder;

(b)

the account is used for the purposes of managing investments for the primary account holder and the joint account holder; and

(c)

the joint account holder has confirmed in writing that investment decisions relating to the joint account are generally made for, or on behalf of, him by the primary account holder.

(4)

In (3), a ‘