 adequate in light of factors such as changing market conditions and practices and matters that have a material impact on the users of Credit Ratings.

5.

Such a review should be carried out by individuals who are not involved in the day-to-day management or operations of the Credit Rating Agency. Taking into account the nature, scale and complexity of its business, a Credit Rating Agency may undertake such a review through a designated function at the group-wide level, or using external consultants. The DFSA expects the findings of such a review to be made available to the Governing Body and the senior management of the Credit Rating Agency, and that any inadequacies identified are promptly and effectively addressed.

Analysts

6.

By definition, the Employees of a Credit Rating Agency include Rating Analysts who are either employed by the Credit Rating Agency or appointed under a contract for services to perform analytical functions in relation to the preparation of Credit Ratings. Such appointed Rating Analysts may, in the case of a Credit Rating Agency which is part of a Group, be employed by another entity within the Group. In that case, the Credit Rating Agency should ensure that such Rating Analysts comply with the applicable DFSA Rules when conducting Credit Rating Activities on its behalf.

Relevant Information

7.

See Guidance under Rule 8.3.4.

Methodologies and models

For the purposes of producing and reviewing Credit Ratings, a Credit Rating Agency must adopt and use rating methodologies and models, including any key rating assumptions, which:

(a)

are rigorous and systematic;

91

COB/VER48/03-25

8.3.3

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(b)

to the extent possible, result in Credit Ratings that can be subjected to some form of objective validation based on historical experience;

(c)

are subject to periodic review as appropriate; and

(d)

are made public, including any changes made to such methodologies and models.

Guidance

1.

A Credit Rating Agency will need to establish proper procedures for the regular review of its methodologies and models, including any key rating assumptions used in such methodologies and models, in order to be able to properly assess the Relevant Information and prepare credible and high quality Credit Ratings. Any changes to the methodologies and models should incorporate cumulative experience gained through on-going market surveillance.

2. Where any material modifications are made to the methodologies or models used by the Credit Rating Agency, it should make prior disclosure to the public of such modifications before applying the modified methodologies and models, especially to existing Credit Ratings.

3.

A Credit Rating Agency should assess whether existing methodologies and models for providing a Credit Rating in respect of structured financial products remain appropriate where the risk characteristics of the assets underlying a structured product change materially.

Rating Analysts

A Credit Rating Agency must ensure that its Rating Analysts:

(a)

have adequate and appropriate knowledge and experience to carry out Credit Rating Activities assigned to them;

(b)

have access to, and use, all the Relevant Information;

(c)

apply the relevant methodologies and models in a transparent and consistent manner;

(d)

act without bias in carrying out their functions; and

(e)

observe high standards of integrity.

Guidance

1.

See GEN Rules 5.3.18 and 5.3.19 with regard to the assessment that a Credit Rating Agency, as an Authorised Firm, needs to undertake to ensure that its Employees (including Rating Analysts) are fit and proper and have adequate competencies in order to carry out their functions.

2.

A Credit Rating Agency should structure its rating teams in such a way so as to promote continuity of adequate skills and expertise within a relevant team, and avoidance of bias in the preparation or review of a Credit Rating. For the purpose of promoting objectivity and lack of bias in preparing or reviewing Credit Ratings, measures such as periodic rotation of Rating Analysts, as appropriate, should be considered.

92

COB/VER48/03-25

8.3.4

8.3.5

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Credit Ratings

A Credit Rating Agency must ensure that:

(a)

the role and responsibility of assigning a Credit Rating rests clearly on the Credit Rating Agency and not on any of its Rating Analysts;

(b)

the information it uses for the purposes of preparing or reviewing a Credit Rating is of sufficient quality to support a credible Credit Rating;

(c)

its Credit Ratings:

(i)

reflect all the Relevant Information;

(ii)

do not contain any misrepresentations, and