 an activity of the kind described in GEN Rule 2.26.1 that constitutes marketing;

(e)

carries on the activity of operating an MTF;

27

COB/VER48/03-25

3.4.2

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(f)

carries on the activity of Operating an Employee Money Purchase Scheme;

(g)

carries on the activity of Acting as the Administrator of an Employee Money Purchase Scheme; or

(h)

carries on the activity of Operating a Crowdfunding Platform.

Suitability assessment

(1)

Subject to (2), an Authorised Firm must not recommend to a Client a financial product or financial service, or execute a Transaction on a discretionary basis for a Client, unless the Authorised Firm has a reasonable basis for considering the recommendation or Transaction to be suitable for that particular Client. For this purpose, the Authorised Firm must:

(a)

undertake an appropriate assessment of the particular Client’s needs and objectives, and, financial situation, and also, to the extent tolerance, knowledge, experience and risk understanding of the risks involved; and

relevant,

(b)

take requirements and circumstances of the Client of which the Authorised Firm is, or ought reasonably to be aware.

into account any other

relevant

(2)

An Authorised Firm may, subject to (3) and (4), limit the extent to which it will consider suitability when making a recommendation to, or undertaking a Transaction on a discretionary basis for or on behalf of, a Professional Client if, prior to carrying on that activity, the Authorised Firm:

(a)

has given a written warning to the Professional Client in the form of a notice clearly stating that the Authorised Firm will consider suitability only to the extent specified in the notice; and

(b)

the Professional Client has given his express consent, after a proper opportunity to consider the warning, by signing that notice.

(3)

Where an Authorised Firm manages a Discretionary Portfolio Management Account for a Professional Client, it must ensure that the account remains suitable for the Professional Client, having regard to the matters specified in (1) (a) and (b).

(4)

If an Authorised Firm has, before the Commencement Date, given a written warning to a Professional Client in the form of a notice stating that it will not consider suitability, the firm must, no later than 6 months after the Commencement Date, either:

(a)

issue a new warning that meets the requirements in (2); or

(b)

carry out a full suitability assessment in accordance with (1).

(5)

In (4), Commencement Date means the day on which Rule-Making Instrument No. 259 of 2019 comes into force.

28

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Guidance

Information a firm needs to have for a suitability assessment

1. When carrying out a suitability assessment under Rule 3.4.2 (1), an Authorised Firm should have, or obtain, certain minimum information about the Client. For example, the information about the Client’s:

a.

needs and objectives should include, where relevant, information about the length of time the Client wishes to hold the financial product. The age of a Client that is an individual may also be relevant;

b.

financial situation should include, where relevant, the assets, liabilities (including tax), income and expenses, and general capacity to withstand losses arising from investing in financial products; and

c.

knowledge and experience should include, where relevant, the nature, volume and frequency of previous investments made by the Client, and the Client’s level of familiarity with relevant financial products and financial services. The Client’s occupation or profession, former professional experience, and level of financial education may also be relevant.

Overall suitability for the Client’s portfolio

2. When recommending a financial product to a Client, or executing a discretionary transaction

for a Client, an Authorised Firm should consider the overall effect the recommendation or discretionary transaction would have on the Client’s investment portfolio. For example, for a Client with a low or medium risk profile, a proportion of high-risk financial products in the Client’s portfolio may be suitable, provided this is consistent with the risk-return profile of the portfolio, and the firm is satisfied that any financial products that are recommended to the Client, or invested in, on behalf of the Client, are likely to meet the