 Trade messages to market users;

d.

promote transparency to market users with regard to any cancellation decisions involving material transactions resulting from the invocation of the Error Trade policy;

e.

include adequate surveillance conducted in the markets to detect Error Trades;

f.

promote predictability, fairness and consistency of actions taken under the Error Trade policy; and

g.

enable sharing of information with other markets when possible concerning the cancellation of trades.

Short Selling

(1)

An ATS Operator must have in place effective systems, controls and procedures to monitor and manage:

(a)

Short Selling in Securities or Crypto Tokens; and

(b)

position concentrations.

(2)

For the purposes of (1), an ATS Operator must have adequate powers over its members to address risks to an orderly functioning of its facility arising from unsettled positions in Investments or Crypto Tokens.

(3)

Short Selling for the purposes of this Rule is the sale of a Security or Crypto Token by a Person who does not own the Security or Crypto Token at the point of entering into the contract to sell.

Guidance

1.

An ATS Operator should, when developing its controls and procedures with regard to short selling and position management, have regard to:

a.

its own settlement cycle, so that any short selling activities on its facilities do not result in any delay or prevent effective settlement within such cycle; and

118

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

b.

orderly functioning of its facilities, so that any long or short position concentration on Investments or Crypto Tokens that remains unsettled does not interrupt such functioning;

2.

Examples of circumstances that would not be treated as short selling in Rule 6.7.1(3) include where the seller:

a.

has entered into an unconditional contract to purchase the relevant Securities or Crypto Tokens but has not received their delivery at the time of the sale;

b.

has title to other securities or Crypto Tokens which are convertible or exchangeable for the Securities or Crypto Tokens to which the sale contract relates;

c.

has exercised an option to acquire the Securities or Crypto Tokens to which the sale contract relates;

d.

has rights or warrants to subscribe and receive Securities to which the sale contract relates; and

e.

is making a sale of Securities that trades on a “when issued” basis and has entered into a binding contract to purchase such Securities, subject only to the condition of issuance of the relevant Securities.

Foreign ownership restrictions

9.6.7 An ATS Operator must not permit its facility to be used for trading Investments which are subject to foreign ownership restrictions unless it has adequate and effective arrangements to:

(a)

monitor applicable foreign ownership restrictions;

(b)

promptly identify and take appropriate action where any breaches of such restrictions occur without any undue interruption or negative impact to its trading activities; and

(c)

suspend trading in the relevant Investments where the ownership restrictions are, or are about to be, breached and reinstate trading when the breaches are remedied.

Guidance

The kind of arrangements an ATS Operator should implement to meet the requirements in Rule 9.6.7 are such as those specified in AMI Rule 6.8.1(2).

Liquidity providers

9.6.8

(1)

An ATS Operator must not introduce a liquidity incentive scheme unless:

(a)

participation of such a scheme is limited to:

(i)

a member as defined in Rule 9.3.1(1); or

119

COB/VER48/03-25

9.6.9

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(ii)

any other Person where:

(A)

it has undertaken due diligence to ensure that the Person is of sufficient good repute and has adequate competencies and organisational arrangements; and

(B)

the Person has agreed in writing to comply with its Operating Rules so far as those rules are applicable to that Person’s activities; and

(b)

it has obtained the prior approval of the DFSA.

(2)

For the purposes of this section, a “liquidity incentive scheme” means an arrangement designed to provide liquidity to the market in relation to Investments or Crypto Tokens traded on the facility.

(3) Where an ATS Operator proposes to introduce or amend a liquidity incentive scheme, it must lodge with the DFSA, at least 10 days before the date by which it expects to obtain the DFSA approval, a statement setting out:

(a)

the details of the relevant scheme