 of business relationships with its Clients) in an expeditious manner where appropriate unless there are reasonable grounds to do otherwise.

Exercise of Discretion

5.2.5 Where a Trust Service Provider is responsible for exercising discretion for, or in relation to, its Clients, it must take all reasonable steps to obtain sufficient information in order to exercise, subject to Rule 5.2.6, its discretion or other powers in a proper manner.

5.2.6

A Trust Service Provider must only exercise its power or discretion for a proper purpose.

5.2.7

The Trust Service Provider must ensure that its understanding of a Client’s business is refreshed by means of regular reviews.

5.2.8

The Trust Service Provider must ensure that any trustee exercises his discretion in accordance with his fiduciary and other duties under the laws governing the trust of which he is a trustee.

Delegation of duties or powers

5.2.9

Any delegation of duties or powers by a Trust Service Provider, whether by Power of Attorney or otherwise, must only be entered into for a proper purpose, permissible by law and limited and monitored as appropriate.

37

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

5.3

Reviews

5.3.1

A Trust Service Provider must ensure that adequate procedures are implemented to ensure that regular reviews at appropriate intervals are conducted in respect of Providing Trust Services to its Clients.

5.4

Professional indemnity insurance cover

5.4.1

A Trust Service Provider must maintain professional indemnity insurance cover appropriate to the nature and size of the Trust Service Provider’s business.

5.4.2

A Trust Service Provider must:

(a)

provide the DFSA with a copy of its professional indemnity insurance cover; and

(b)

notify the DFSA of any changes to the cover including termination and renewal.

5.4.3

A Trust Service Provider must provide the DFSA on a yearly basis, with the details of the arrangements in force together with evidence of the cover. Any claims in excess of $10,000 or changes to the arrangements previously notified to the DFSA under this Rule must be notified to the DFSA as they arise.

5.5

Dual control

5.5.1

The Trust Service Provider must have adequate internal controls, including having two Persons with appropriate skills and experience managing the business.

5.5.2 While a Trust Service Provider may have a single Person with overall responsibility, at least another Person must have the skills and experience to be able to run the business of the Trust Service Provider in the absence of the senior Person and must be in a position to challenge the actions of the senior Person where they consider that those actions may be contrary to the provisions of DIFC Laws, Rules or Regulations or any other applicable legislation, may not be in the interests of the Client, or may be contrary to sound business principles.

5.6

Internal reporting

5.6.1

A Trust Service Provider must have arrangements for internal reporting to ensure that the directors or the partners can satisfy themselves that:

(a)

the requirements of the relevant legislation are being met on an on going basis;

(b)

the Trust Service Provider’s business is being managed according to sound business principles and, in particular, that it can meet its financial commitments as they fall due;

38

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(c)

the affairs of its Clients are being managed in accordance with the service agreements;

(d)

the trustees are acting in accordance with their fiduciary and other duties;

(e)

the affairs of its Clients are being properly monitored and in particular that the Client is not using the trust structure to hide assets from legitimate enquiry, to avoid proper obligations in other jurisdictions or to engage in illegal activities in other jurisdictions;

(f)

the assets of its Clients are properly managed and safeguarded; and

(g)

the recruitment, training and motivation of staff is sufficient to meet the obligations of the business.

5.7

Recording of Selection Criteria

5.7.1 Where the Trust Service Provider seeks the advice of a third party in connection with a Client’s affairs, for example to advise on or manage investments, the Trust Service Provider must record the criteria for selection of the adviser and the reasons for the selection made.

5.7.2

The Trust Service Provider must monitor the performance of