 not be able to recover any losses from the Retail Client that go beyond the funds in the Retail Client’s trading account.

2.

Funds in the Retail Client’s trading account are generally cash in the account, and include unrealised net profits from open positions (i.e. the sum of unrealised gains and losses of all open positions recorded in the Retail Client’s account) in respect of all Restricted Speculative Investments held in the Retail Client’s trading account.

Offer of incentives prohibited

6.16.9 (1) An Authorised Firm must not offer or provide to a Retail Client any incentive that influences, or is reasonably likely to influence, the Retail Client to trade in a Restricted Speculative Investment.

(2) An Authorised Firm’s systems and controls must include adequate measures

to ensure compliance with (1).

Guidance

1.

The prohibition in Rule 6.16.9 applies to an Authorised Firm who Deals in Restricted Speculative Investments either as principal or as agent with or for Retail Clients, as well as an Authorised Firm that gives advice on or arranges deals in Restricted Speculative Investments. An Authorised Firm’s systems and controls need to have measures to prevent not only the Authorised Firm, but also any person acting for or on behalf of the Authorised Firm, from offering or providing incentives (see also Rule 3.5.3(1)).

2.

Offering incentives is also likely to conflict with the Authorised Firm’s overarching duty to act in the best interest of the Retail Client (see also GEN Rules 4.2.1 and 4.2.7).

3.

Incentives include bonus offers, gifts, rebates of fees (including volume-based rebates), trading credits or any form of reward in relation to the opening of a new account or trading in a new

70

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

type of Restrictive Speculative Investment offered to an existing or potential new Retail Client.

4.

While offers, such as lower fees that are not linked to volumes of trade, or access to information services or research tools relating to RSIs, will not generally be viewed as forms of prohibited incentives, an Authorised Firm would need to be able to demonstrate that these were not offered in a manner that was reasonably likely to influence the client to deal in RSIs.

Prohibition on the use of credit to fund an account

6.16.10 An Authorised Firm that Deals in a Restricted Speculative Investment must take reasonable steps to ensure that a Retail Client does not use a credit card or third party credit facility to pay a Margin.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Firm trading in Restricted Speculative Investments may provide margin lending under GEN Rule 2.5.2 to its Retail Clients to fund Margins.

2.

The above Rule does not prevent an Authorised Firm from allowing a Retail Client to use a debit card to fund Margins, provided the Authorised Firm has adequate systems in place to distinguish between a debit and credit card.

3.

An Authorised Firm should have in place controls and measures to ensure that a Retail Client does not use third party credit to fund an account, such as procedures to:

a. verify the source of funds;

b.

issue a warning to Retail Clients that third party credit should not to be used to fund Margins; and

c. obtain written confirmation from the Retail Client that third party credit is not being used

to fund Margins.

Restrictions relating to certain Restricted Speculative Investments

6.16.11 An Authorised Firm must not Deal in a Restricted Speculative Investment with a

Retail Client unless:

(a)

the Restricted Speculative Investment has a transparent pricing mechanism available for determining the price movement of the underlying reference, by reference to which the profit or loss of each party to the contract is determined; or

(b)

the Authorised Firm provides a two way pricing mechanism that allows the Retail Client to trade at those quoted prices during the currency of the Restricted Speculative Investment.

Referrals from an unregulated Person prohibited

71

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

6.16.12 (1) An Authorised Firm must not accept a referral of a Retail Client made by an

unregulated Person for reward.

(2) An Authorised Firm’s systems and controls must include adequate measures

to