 rules are applicable to that Person’s activities; and

(b)

it has obtained the prior approval of the DFSA.

(2)

For the purposes of this section, a “liquidity incentive scheme” means an arrangement designed to provide liquidity to the market in relation to Investments or Crypto Tokens traded on the facility.

(3) Where an ATS Operator proposes to introduce or amend a liquidity incentive scheme, it must lodge with the DFSA, at least 10 days before the date by which it expects to obtain the DFSA approval, a statement setting out:

(a)

the details of the relevant scheme, including benefits to the ATS and members arising from that scheme; and

(b)

the date on which the scheme is intended to become operative.

(4)

The DFSA must within 10 days of receiving the notification referred to in (3), approve a proposed liquidity incentive scheme unless it has reasonable grounds to believe that the introduction of the scheme would be detrimental to the facility or markets in general. Where the DFSA does not approve the proposed liquidity incentive scheme, it must notify the ATS Operator of its objections to the introduction of the proposed liquidity incentive scheme, and its reasons for that decision.

(5)

An ATS Operator must, as soon practicable, announce the introduction of the liquidity incentive scheme, including the date on which it becomes operative and any other relevant information.

(6)

If the DFSA decides not to approve a liquidity incentive scheme, the ATS Operator may refer the decision to the FMT for review.

Prevention of Market Abuse

(1)

An ATS Operator must:

(a)

implement and maintain appropriate measures to identify, deter and prevent Market Abuse on and through its facility; and

(b)

notify the DFSA immediately if it has reasonable grounds to suspect that conduct on its facility may constitute Market Abuse.

(2)

For the purposes of (1)(a), an ATS Operator must:

(a)

include in its Operating Rules a regime to prevent Market Abuse, which is applicable to its members and their Clients; and

120

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(b)

implement and maintain adequate measures to ensure that its members comply with that regime.

(3)

The regime to prevent Market Abuse referred to in (2)(a) must, at a minimum, include rules and procedures in relation to compliance with the applicable requirements in Part 6 of the Market Law, including adequate compliance arrangements applicable to its members and staff and the clients of members, record keeping, transaction monitoring, risk assessment and appropriate training.

(4)

The notification under (1)(b) must specify details of the conduct and the reasons for the ATS Operator suspecting that it may constitute Market Abuse.

Guidance

1.

An ATS Operator should have an effective surveillance system in place for:

a.

the coordinated surveillance of all activity on or through its facilities and activity in related Investments or Crypto Tokens conducted elsewhere; and

b.

communicating information about Market Abuse or suspected abuse, to the DFSA or appropriate regulatory authorities.

2.

In determining whether an ATS Operator is ensuring that business conducted on its facilities is conducted in an orderly manner, the DFSA will consider:

a.

arrangements for pre and post trade transparency taking into account the nature and liquidity of the Investments or Crypto Tokens traded; and

b.

the need to provide anonymity for trading participants.

3.

An ATS Operator will also have appropriate procedures allowing it to influence trading conditions, suspend trading promptly when required, and to support or encourage liquidity when necessary to maintain an orderly market. The DFSA will consider the transparency of such procedures and the fairness of their application and potential application.

4.

An ATS Operator that is Operating a Facility for Investment Tokens or Crypto Tokens should, where relevant, ensure measures under Rule 9.6.9(1) include effective measures to identify, deter and prevent Market Abuse by Persons permitted to access and update records held on any DLT or similar technology based application used in connection with the operation of its facility.

9.6.10 (1)

An ATS Operator must:

(a)

before accepting a prospective member, ensure that the applicant has in place adequate arrangements, including systems and controls to comply with its regime for preventing Market Abuse;

(b)

monitor and regularly review compliance by its members with that regime; and

(c)

take appropriate measures to ensure that its members rectify to the extent feasible any contraventions of its regime without delay