 the original Collateral, or original type of Collateral; and

60

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(d)

that in the event of the insolvency, winding up or other Distribution Event stipulated by the DFSA:

(i)

of a Domestic Firm, any excess Collateral will be sold and the resulting Client Money shall be distributed in accordance with the DFSA Client Money Distribution Rules; or

(ii)

of a non-Domestic Firm, that Collateral will be subject to a regime which may differ from the regime applicable in the DIFC.

6.13.5 Before an Authorised Firm deposits Client’s Collateral with a third party it must

notify the third party that:

(a)

the Collateral does not belong to the Authorised Firm and must therefore be held by the third party in a segregated Client Account in a name that clearly identifies it as belonging to the Authorised Firm’s Clients; and

(b)

the third party is not entitled to claim any lien or right of retention or sale over the Collateral except to cover the obligations owed to the third party which gave rise to that deposit, pledge, charge or security arrangement or any charges relating to the administration or safekeeping of the Collateral.

6.13.6

(1)

An Authorised Firm may only permit Client’s Collateral to be held by a third party where it has reasonable grounds to believe that the third party is, and remains, suitable to hold that Collateral.

(2)

An Authorised Firm must be able to demonstrate to the DFSA’s satisfaction the grounds upon which it considers the third party to be suitable to hold Client’s Collateral.

6.13.7

(1)

An Authorised Firm must take reasonable steps to ensure that the Collateral is properly safeguarded.

(2)

An Authorised Firm must withdraw the Collateral from the third party where the Collateral is not being properly safeguarded unless the Client has indicated otherwise in writing.

6.13.8 An Authorised Firm holding Client’s Collateral must send a statement every six

months to the Client in accordance with section A6.8.

6.13.9 An Authorised Firm must reconcile the Client’s Collateral in accordance with section

A6.9.

6.14 Record keeping

6.14.1

(1)

An Authorised Firm must maintain records:

(a)

which enable the Authorised Firm to demonstrate compliance with Rule 6.11.2; and

(b)

which enable the Authorised Firm to demonstrate and explain all entries of Client Investments, Client Crypto Tokens and Collateral held or controlled in accordance with this chapter.

61

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(2)

An Authorised Firm must keep the records in (1) for a minimum of six years.

Guidance

1.

The DFSA expects an Authorised Firm to maintain proper books and accounts which are legible, up to date and contain narratives with the entries which identify and provide adequate information about each transaction.

2.

An Authorised Firm should maintain a separate record for each Client showing the amount and description of each Crypto Token held in custody, information about the type of storage (such as cold or hot storage, or location of storage) and the date, amount and purpose of each transfer of a Client Crypto Token.

6.15 Advising on or Arranging Direct Long-Term Insurance

6.15.1

If an Authorised Firm advises on or arranges Direct Long-Term Insurance for a Retail Client, it must disclose to the Client:

(a)

the method of calculation of any bonuses;

(b)

an indication of surrender values and paid-up values, and the extent to which any such values are guaranteed;

(c)

for unit-linked insurance contracts, definition of the units to which they are linked, and a description of the underlying assets;

(d)

the basis of any projections included in the information; and

(e)

any facts that are material to the decision to invest, including any risks associated with the investment and factors that may adversely affect the performance of the investments.

Guidance

An Authorised Firm can only advise on Long-Term Insurance, or arrange Long-Term Insurance, if it has an authorisation for the Financial Services in GEN Rule 2.9.1 or GEN Rule 2.11.1, as