(b) US$100,000 in total in any calendar year using its service

146

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

11.6 Property Investment Crowdfunding – extra requirements

11.6.1 This section applies to a Property Investment Crowdfunding Operator.

Property characteristics

11.6.2 The operator must ensure that each property listed for sale on its platform satisfies

both of the following conditions:

(a) the property consists of an individual apartment, house or building with a single

discrete title deed; and

(b) the property may be used only for residential purposes.

Guidance

Property Investment Crowdfunding permits investors to invest in one or more Special Purpose Vehicles that each hold a single property. The operator should not facilitate investments in a pool of properties held in a single Special Purpose Vehicle; as such a pooling arrangement is likely to constitute a Collective Investment Fund. GEN Rule 2.2.10E prohibits an operator from operating such a Fund.

Valuation Report

11.6.3

(1) The operator must obtain an independent valuation report for each property

listed on the platform.

(2) The valuation must be provided by a Person:

(a) who is a professional and reputable valuer;

(b) who is not Related to the platform operator or to the seller; and

(c) whom the operator reasonably believes will provide an objective

valuation.

(3) The report must:

(a) be prepared on the basis of an ‘open market’ valuation;

(b) include the valuation and all material details about the basis of the

valuation and assumptions used;

(c) include, if applicable, the date of the most recent sale of the property

together with the total consideration paid by the purchaser;

(d) outline the overall structure of the market including market trends;

(e) include a brief description of the property, its location, its existing use, any encumbrances concerning or affecting the property, the capital value and net monthly income expected from the property;

147

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(f) confirm the professional status of the valuer and that the valuation report

is prepared on a fair and unbiased basis; and

(g) be disclosed to investors as soon as it is available.

(4) The valuation must be carried out before a property is listed on the platform

and not more than three months before a property is due to be sold.

(5) The operator must disclose the valuation report to investors and potential

investors immediately after it becomes available.

Risk acknowledgement form

11.6.4 (1) The operator must ensure that a Retail Client provides a signed risk

acknowledgement form for each Investment that it makes using the platform.

(2) The risk acknowledgement form under (1) must:

(a)

set out clearly the risks referred to in Rule 11.3.1;

(b)

require the Retail Client to confirm that he understands those risks; and

(c)

be provided before, or at the same time as, the Retail Client commits to making the Investment.

Cooling-off period

11.6.5 (1) The operator must ensure that investors who have committed to make an Investment in a property may withdraw that commitment, without any penalty and without giving a reason, during the cooling-off period.

(2)

In (1), “cooling-off period” means the period of at least 48 hours starting at the end of the commitment period.

Special Purpose Vehicle

11.6.6 The operator must ensure that a separate Special Purpose Vehicle is established to

hold title to each property.

Property not to be jointly owned or partially sold

11.6.7 The operator must ensure that:

(a) a Special Purpose Vehicle does not jointly own a property with any other

Person; and

(b)

the entire shares of, or interests in, an individual property are listed for sale on its platform.

Guidance

The effect of Rule 11.6.7(b) is that an operator is required to list for sale the whole, and not part only, of an individual apartment, house or building.

148

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Investment limit

11.6.8 The operator must maintain effective systems and controls to ensure that a Retail

Client does not invest more than