 that accurate reconciliations of the Client Accounts are carried out at least daily; and

referred

to

in (1) must ensure

(b)

the reconciliations referred to in (3) must be performed at least daily.

Guidance

When performing the reconciliations, an Authorised Firm should:

a.

include in the credit ledger balances:

i.

unallocated Client Money;

ii.

dividends received and interest earned and allocated;

iii.

sale proceeds which have been received by the Authorised Firm and the Client has delivered the Investments or Crypto Tokens or the Authorised Firm holds or controls the Investment or Crypto Token; and

iv. Money paid by the Client in respect of a purchase where the Authorised Firm has not remitted the Money to the counterparty or delivered the Investment or Crypto Token to the Client; and

b.

deduct from the credit ledger balances:

i.

Money owed by the client in respect of unpaid purchases by or for the Client if delivery of those Investments or Crypto Tokens has been made to the Client; and

ii.

Money remitted to the Client in respect of sales transactions by or for the Client if the Client has not delivered the Investments or Crypto Tokens.

213

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

A5.11.2 An Authorised Firm must ensure that the process of reconciliation does not give rise

to a conflict of interest.

Guidance

When performing reconciliations, an Authorised Firm should maintain a clear separation of duties to ensure that an employee with responsibility for operating Client Accounts, or an employee that has the authority to make payments, does not perform the reconciliations under Rule A5.11.1

A5.11.3 (1)

Reconciliation performed in accordance with Rule A5.11.1 must be reviewed by a member of the Authorised Firm who has adequate seniority.

(2)

The individual referred to in (1) must provide a written statement confirming the the requirements of this section.

reconciliation has been undertaken

in accordance with

A5.11.4 The Authorised Firm must notify the DFSA where there has been a material

discrepancy with the reconciliation which has not been rectified.

Guidance

A material discrepancy includes discrepancies which have the cumulative effect of being material, such as longstanding discrepancies.

A5.12 Auditor’s reporting requirements

Guidance

In accordance with GEN chapter 8, an Authorised Firm which holds or controls Client Money for Segregated Clients must arrange for a Client Money Auditor’s Report to be submitted to the DFSA on an annual basis.

A5.13 Client money distribution rules

A5.13.1 This section is referred to as the Client Money Distribution Rules and to the extent that these Rules are inconsistent with part 5.52 of the DIFC Insolvency Regulations, and the DIFC Preferential Creditor Regulations, these Rules will prevail.

A5.13.2 Following a Distribution Event, the Authorised Firm must distribute Money in the

following order of priorities:

(a)

firstly, in relation to Client Money held in a Client Account on behalf of Segregated Clients, claims relating to that Money must be paid to each Segregated Client in full or, where insufficient funds are held in a Client Account, proportionately, in accordance with each Segregated Client’s valid claim over that Money;

(b)

secondly, where the amount of Client Money in a Client Account is insufficient to satisfy the claims of Segregated Clients in respect of that Money, or not being immediately available to satisfy such claims, all other Money held by the Authorised Firm must be used to satisfy any

214

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

outstanding amounts remaining payable to Segregated Clients but not satisfied from the application of (a) above;

(c)

thirdly, upon resolution of claims in relation to Segregated Clients, any Money remaining with the Authorised Firm must be paid to each Client in full or, where insufficient funds are held by the Authorised Firm, proportionately, in accordance with each Client’s valid claim over that Money; and

(d)

fourthly, upon satisfaction of all claims in (a), (b) and (c) above, in the event of:

(i)

the appointment of a