 traded;

180

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(j)

the risks relating to the volatility and unpredictability of the price of the Crypto Token;

(k)

in the case of a Fiat Crypto Token, details about the reserves backing the Fiat Crypto Token and the stabilisation and redemption mechanisms;

(l)

cybersecurity risks associated with the Crypto Token or its underlying technology, including whether there is a risk of loss of the Crypto Token in the event of a cyberattack, and details of steps that have been, or can be taken to mitigate those risks;

(m)

the risks relating to fraud, hacking and financial crime; and

(n)

any other information relevant to the Crypto Token that would reasonably assist the Client to understand the Crypto Token and whether to invest in the Crypto Token, or use the service being offered to the Client.

Ongoing Information

15.3.2 (1)

An MTF Operator must take reasonable steps to ensure that accurate and up- to-date information is made available about Crypto Tokens traded on the MTF so that users of the MTF are able to make informed decisions about trading in the Crypto Tokens.

(2) Without limiting the generality of (1), the MTF Operator must as a minimum

ensure the following information is readily available for each Crypto Token:

(a)

the total number, and market capitalisation, of the Crypto Tokens traded globally;

(b)

whether the supply of the Crypto Tokens is set to increase or decrease according to a pre-defined path;

(c)

details of any inflationary or deflationary mechanisms that are to be used, such as the issuing or burning of the Crypto Tokens (other than through the normal mining process);

(d)

the total number of the Crypto Tokens held by the developers or issuer of the Crypto Token, held in reserve for rewards or other promotional purposes or otherwise locked away from the total supply of the Crypto Tokens;

(e)

a breakdown of the largest holders of the Crypto Tokens, in particular holders of 10% or more of the total supply of the Crypto Tokens; and

(f)

in the case of a Fiat Crypto Token, details about the reserves backing the Fiat Crypto Token and the stabilisation and redemption mechanisms.

(3)

Under (2)(e), an MTF Operator is not required to disclose the identity of the holder if it has identified that a Person holds 10% or more of the Crypto

181

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Tokens but after taking reasonable steps has not been able to establish the holder’s identity.

Guidance

1.

To make an informed decision about whether to buy or sell a Crypto Token traded on a MTF, users of the MTF need accurate and up-to-date information about matters that may affect the price of the Crypto Token. As there is no Reporting Entity for a Crypto Token, the MTF Operator is responsible for ensuring that adequate ongoing information about the Crypto Token is made available.

2.

Ongoing information may be published by the MTF Operator on its website, or the MTF Operator may provide links on its website to the site where the information can be found. If the MTF Operator provides links to the information, the links should take a user directly to the relevant information and the site should contain reliable information.

3.

Under Rule 15.3.2(2)(e) and (3), an MTF Operator is required to disclose that a person has a significant holding even if it not reasonably able to establish their identity.

4.

Information made available under Rule 15.3.2(2)(f) should include details about the value and composition of the reserves backing the Fiat Crypto Token, where and how the reserves are held, whether a recent audit has been undertaken of the reserves and the results of the audit and how the redemption mechanism works.

Forums

15.3.3 If an MTF Operator provides a means of communication (a “forum”) for users to

discuss Crypto Tokens, it must:

(a)

include a clear and prominent warning on the forum informing users that the MTF Operator does not conduct due diligence on information on the forum;

(b)

restrict the posting of comments on the forum to MTF members;

(c)

ensure that all users of the forum have equal access to information posted on the forum;

(d)

require a person posting a comment on the forum to disclose clearly if