 50% of the value of the exposure that the trade provides.

(2)

An Authorised Firm referred to in (1) must ensure that the net equity in a Retail Client’s account does not fall below 50% of the overall Margin deposited in that account.

(3) Where a Retail Client’s net equity falls below 50% of the overall Margin deposited in that account, the Authorised Firm must close all open positions in the Retail Client’s account:

(a)

as soon as market conditions allow; and

(b)

in accordance with the best execution requirement in Rule 6.4.2.

(4)

In this Rule, “net equity” means the sum of the Retail Client’s net profit and loss on their open position(s) and the Retail Client’s deposited Margin.

191

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

15.6.8 The liability of a Retail Client for all Crypto Token Derivatives connected to that Retail Client’s trading account with an Authorised Firm, is limited to the funds in that trading account.

Guidance

1.

The effect of Rule 15.6.8 is to prevent a Retail Client from incurring losses exceeding the funds the Retail Client has specifically dedicated to trading in Crypto Token Derivatives. Therefore, an Authorised Firm will not be able to recover any losses from the Retail Client that go beyond the funds in the Retail Client’s trading account.

2.

Funds in the Retail Client’s trading account are generally cash in the account, and include unrealised net profits from open positions (i.e. the sum of unrealised gains and losses of all open positions recorded in the Retail Client’s account) in respect of all Crypto Token Derivatives held in the Retail Client’s trading account.

15.6.9 An Authorised Firm must ensure that only fiat currencies or Fiat Crypto Tokens that are Recognised Crypto Tokens are used as Margin in connection with trading in Crypto Token Derivatives.

15.6.10 An Authorised Firm must:

(a)

not provide a Credit Facility to a Retail Client in connection with trading in Crypto Token Derivatives; and

(b)

take reasonable steps to ensure that a Retail Client does not use a credit card or third party credit facility to pay a Margin relating to a Crypto Token Derivative.

15.7 Technology and Governance Requirements

15.7.1 This section applies to an Authorised Firm that uses DLT or similar technology to

provide any of the following services:

(a)

Operate a MTF for Crypto Tokens;

(b)

hold or control Client Crypto Tokens; or

(c)

carry on any other Financial Service relating to Crypto Tokens.

15.7.2 Without limiting the generality of the requirements in section 9.5 or elsewhere in

COB, an Authorised Firm must:

(a)

ensure that the DLT or similar technology that it uses to provide the relevant service operates based on ‘permissioned’ access, so that it allows the Authorised Firm to have and maintain adequate control over the Persons who are permitted to access and update records held on that DLT;

(b)

establish and maintain adequate measures to ensure that the DLT or similar technology that is used, and the associated rules and protocols, contain:

(i)

clear criteria governing Persons who are permitted to access and update records held on the DLT, including criteria about the integrity,

192

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

credentials and competencies appropriate to the roles played by such persons;

(ii)

measures to address risks, including risks to network security and network compatibility, that may arise through systems used by Persons permitted to update the records on the DLT; and

(iii)

processes to ensure that the Authorised Firm undertakes sufficient due diligence and adequate monitoring of ongoing compliance, relating to the matters referred to in (i) and (ii);

(c)

ensure any DLT or similar technology that is used is fit for purpose; and

(d)

have regard to industry best practices in developing its technology design and technology governance relating to the DLT or similar technology that is used.

Guidance

To ensure the technology governance of any DLT used is fit for purpose, an Authorised Firm should, as a minimum, have regard to the need for:

a.

careful maintenance and development of the relevant systems and architecture in terms of its code