 the IAASB; and

(c)

the Auditor produces an Auditor’s Report on the audited financial statements of the Scheme.

163

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

12.5 Management of financial resources

General duty

12.5.1 An Operator of a Scheme must ensure:

(a)

that the financial resources of the Scheme are managed soundly and prudently; and

(b)

that there are sufficient liquid assets in the Scheme to meet:

(i)

the payment of Member benefits; and

(ii)

expenses and other charges relating to the operation of the Scheme.

Policies and strategies

12.5.2

(1) The Operator of a Scheme must ensure that there are well documented policies and strategies to meet the requirements in Rule 12.5.1, which include:

(a)

maintaining appropriate liquid buffers (including any reserves) and limits on illiquid assets; and

(b)

access to other resources (such as lines of credit).

(2) The policies and strategies referred to in (1) must take into account, among

other things:

(a)

the nature of the liquidity of the underlying investments in which Member contributions and earnings are invested;

(b)

if the underlying investments are securities traded on an exchange, liquidity on the exchange;

(c)

the benefit Payment Schedule, including any contingencies;

(d)

reserves established to meet fees, charges and any other outgoings of the Scheme; and

(e)

any other factors that may potentially affect the liquidity of the assets available for the payment of Member benefits.

12.5.3 The Operator of a Scheme must ensure that the Administrator adopts and

implements appropriate mechanisms to:

(a) measure, monitor, stress-test and manage the policies and strategies referred

to in Rule 12.5.2;

(b) assess whether the policies and strategies are adequate and are operating as

intended in both normal and stressed conditions; and

164

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(c)

address any gaps and failures identified.

12.5.4 The Operator of a Scheme must:

(a) ensure that there are:

(i)

clear measures to identify and address liquidity stresses arising within the Scheme; and

(ii)

clear triggers to require the exercise of those measures; and

(b)

report promptly to the DFSA if any liquidity stresses are identified, and any action that is taken or to be taken.

165

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

13

PROVIDING MONEY SERVICES AND ARRANGING OR ADVISING ON MONEY SERVICES

13.1 Application

13.1.1 This chapter applies to an Authorised Firm that:

(a) Provides Money Services; or

(b) Arranges or Advises on Money Services.

13.1.2 A requirement in this chapter (other than a restriction in section 13.2) does not apply in relation to a Market Counterparty, if the Market Counterparty has given prior notice in writing to the Authorised Firm that it has elected to waive the requirement.

Guidance

Key Terms

This chapter uses a number of key terms defined in GEN and GLO that are set out below for reference:

1. “Account Information Service” means an online service to provide consolidated information on one or more accounts held by the User with one or more providers, and includes such a service whether information is provided:

a.

in its original form or after processing; and

b.

to the User or to another person in accordance with the User’s instructions.

2. “Payment Account” means an account held in the name of one or more Users which is used to execute Payment Transactions.

3. “Payment Account Provider” means a Person that provides or operates a Payment Account;

4. “Payment Initiation Services” means an online service to initiate a Payment Order at the request of the User with respect to a Payment Account held at another Payment Service Provider, but does not include:

a. a service that involves contact with any funds at any stage of the Payment Transaction; or

b.

the issue of a Payment Instrument.

5. “Payment Instrument” means a:

a.

personalised device; or

b.

personalised set of procedures agreed between the User and the provider,

that is used by the User to initiate a Payment Order.

6. “Payment Order”