

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

achievable due to economies of scale as assets under management increase, and due to efficiencies gained from market and technological advances.

12.3.6 (1) A Participating Employer may make a payment to meet, in whole or in part,

the administration costs of the Scheme.

(2) Where a Participating Employer makes a payment under (1), the Operator must use that payment to defray the administrative costs of the Scheme on Member contributions.

Guidance

The payments referred to in Rule 12.3.6(1) are voluntary payments a Participating Employer may make, over and above Member contributions in respect of its Employees’ gratuity. If such payments are made, the Operator needs to ensure that they are used for defraying costs borne by Members, rather than treated as additional contributions available for investment.

Voluntary Contributions

12.3.6A The Operator of a Scheme may accept a Member’s voluntary contributions to the

Scheme, on the following conditions:

(a)

the voluntary contributions must be made by Salary Sacrifice by the Member and paid by the Member’s Participating Employer to the Scheme;

(b)

the voluntary contributions must be managed in the same manner as the mandatory contributions made in respect of that Member; and

(c)

if the voluntary contributions, or any part of them, are permitted to be withdrawn, the withdrawal must:

(i)

under the Constitution of the Scheme not be permitted to:

(A) be made more than twice yearly; and

(B) exceed, for any withdrawal, 30% of the amount that represents the Member’s voluntary contributions and earnings on those contributions, except on the grounds of extreme financial hardship as defined in the Constitution; and

(ii) not adversely affect the rights and interests of:

(A)

the Member’s Core Benefits;

(B)

the Core Benefits of the other Members of the Scheme; or

(C)

the Scheme itself.

Guidance

1.

An Operator may accept voluntary contributions under Rule 12.3.6A to a DIFC Scheme or Non-DIFC Scheme only if the Constitution of the Scheme permits it and, subject to the requirements applicable to voluntary contributions.

158

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

2.

A Member will only be able to make voluntary contributions as long as the contributions are made by the employer who is also making mandatory contributions. If the Member decides to retain the accrued benefit beyond the termination of employment with that employer, no further contributions to the Scheme can be made by the Member.

3.

The Authorised Firm is required to have adequate systems and controls in place to be able to clearly distinguish between mandatory contributions and voluntary contributions in respect of a Member, including the assets in which those contributions are invested.

4.

The definition of extreme financial hardship in the Constitution of the Scheme (see Rule 12.3.6A(c)(i)) should be consistent with industry practice and may include, for example, circumstances such as the ill health of a Member or immediate family, death of a family member or other justifiable grounds.

5.

See Guidance items 2, 3 and 4 under Rule 12.2.1 relating to AML screening if a Member makes voluntary contributions.

Payment Schedule

12.3.7 The Operator of a Scheme must ensure that a Payment Schedule is prepared

setting out in respect of each Participating Employer:

(a)

the rates, including the due dates, of all contributions payable to the Scheme by the Participating Employer;

(b) each Member’s name, address and nominated Beneficiary; and

(c)

the amounts likely to be payable by each Member by way of fees or charges for the relevant year.

12.3.8

(1) The Operator of a Scheme must ensure that the Administrator notifies a

Member of the Scheme in respect of whom a payment is due:

(a)

if payment under the Payment Schedule is not paid on the due date; and

(b)

if the amount is not recovered, of the consequences of the non- payment to the Member.

(2) The Administrator of the Scheme must notify the Operator:

(a)

if any payment under the Payment Schedule is not paid on the due date; and

(b)

if the amount is not recovered, of the consequences of the non- payment for the Members of the Scheme.

Investment Options

