:

(a)

an Authorised Firm that is authorised to Provide Custody, if:

(i)

the Crypto Token is not a Prohibited Token;

(ii)

the Authorised Firm is reasonably satisfied that:

(A)

the Client Counterparty; and

is a Professional Client or Market

(B)

the lending is solely for the purpose of staking; and

(ii)

the requirements in (3) have been met; or

(b)

the provision of any Crypto Token to the Authorised Firm as Collateral.

Before offering or providing any facility or service under (2)(a), the Authorised Firm must:

(a)

undertake due diligence on itself, on reasonable grounds, that the borrower is suitable and provides an appropriate level of protection for the Client, taking into account the following factors:

the borrower

to satisfy

(i)

the borrower’s:

(A)

governance and internal controls;

(B)

financial status; and

(C)

compliance with relevant applicable legal requirements;

(ii)

the infrastructure used and security measures and procedures applied by the borrower when staking; and

(iii)

the amount of Crypto Tokens staked by the borrower on its own nodes;

(b)

provide the Client with a statement that explains the risks of staking in plain language and includes at least the following information:

(i)

details of the staking mechanism and the role of all third parties involved;

(ii)

details of the due diligence performed under (a);

(iii)

the general risks related to staking, including risk of loss due to technical errors or bugs in the protocol; hacks or theft of the Crypto Tokens, and how losses will be allocated to Clients;

(iv)

bonding and unbonding periods and what this might mean if a Client cannot withdraw their Staked Crypto Tokens;

(v)

fees and charges; and

190

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(vi)

how rewards are calculated, and how they are paid out to Clients; and

(c)

obtain the written consent of the Client to transfer the Crypto Token to the borrower for staking.

(4) The requirement to undertake due diligence under (3)(a) does not apply

where the Authorised Firm is the borrower.

(5) An Authorised Firm must inform its Client as soon as practicable of any

material change to the information in (3)(b).

(6)

In this Rule, “staking” means participating in the proof-of-stake consensus mechanism on the DLT or other similar technology that hosts the relevant Crypto Token.

Guidance

Staking refers to the activity where holders of Crypto Tokens lend their Tokens to firms, miners or other persons, in exchange for a return or other reward for the use of the Tokens. Rule 15.6.5 permits an Authorised Firm to offer or provide such a service or facility only if the lending is for use in the proof-of-stake consensus mechanism i.e. the process that involves committing Crypto Tokens to support a blockchain network and confirm transactions. In addition, such a service or facility may be offered or provided only to Professional Clients or Market Counterparties, and where the Authorised Firm meets the additional requirements in Rule 15.6.5(3).

Restrictions on the use of certain terms

15.6.6 An Authorised Firm must not refer to a service or facility it provides in relation to Crypto Tokens as a “market”, “marketplace”, “platform”, “venue” or any other similar term, unless it is authorised under its Licence to operate a MTF for Crypto Tokens.

Further protections relating to Crypto Token Derivatives

15.6.7 (1)

An Authorised Firm must not open a position with or for a Retail Client relating to a Crypto Token Derivative unless the Retail Client has posted a Margin of at least 50% of the value of the exposure that the trade provides.

(2)

An Authorised Firm referred to in (1) must ensure that the net equity in a Retail Client’s account does not fall below 50% of the overall Margin deposited in that account.

(3) Where a Retail Client’s net equity falls below 50% of the overall Margin deposited in that account, the Authorised Firm must close all open positions in the Retail Client’s account:

(a)

as soon as market conditions allow; and

(b)

in accordance with the best execution requirement in Rule 6.