 return on amounts in a Payment Account.

A7.2.17 Payment Accounts only to be used for Payment Transactions

An Authorised Firm must not permit a Payment Account to be used for a purpose other than making Payment Transactions.

Guidance

1. The references to a “unique identifier” in Rule A7.2.13 are to letters, combination of letters, numbers or symbols that identify unambiguously a specific Payment Account or User.

2. A credit line under Rule A7.2.4(1)(b)(iii) can only be provided if the Authorised Firm or the other person providing the credit line has the appropriate authorisation to Provide Credit, or it is incidental to, and in connection with, a Financial Service referred to in GEN Rule 2.5.2. In relation to User security credentials referred to in Rule A7.2.5, PIB Rule 6.13.3 sets out systems and controls an Authorised Firm must implement to maintain the integrity of User security credentials.

2. A credit line under Rule A7.2.4(1)(b)(iii) can only be provided if the Authorised Firm or the other person providing the credit line has the appropriate authorisation to Provide Credit, or it is incidental to, and in connection with, a Financial Service referred to in GEN Rule 2.5.2. In relation to User security credentials referred to in Rule A7.2.5, PIB Rule 6.13.3 sets out systems and controls an Authorised Firm must implement to maintain the integrity of User security credentials.

230

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

A7.3 Additional requirements for issuers of Stored Value

Guidance

This table sets out the requirements that must be complied with under section 13.6 by an Authorised Firm issuing Stored Value.

A7.3.1

Issue and redemption of Stored Value

An Authorised Firm must:

(a) on receipt of funds from a User, issue Stored Value at par without delay;

and

(b) upon the request of a Stored Value holder, redeem at par the Stored Value held, except where such a request is received more than 6 years from the termination of the relevant Client Agreement to issue Stored Value.

A7.3.2 No interest or other return permitted

An Authorised Firm must not pay any interest or other return on Stored Value.

A7.3.3

Limit on stored value issued and transactions

An Authorised Firm must maintain effective systems and controls which ensure that:

(a)

the total amount of Stored Value on issue to any individual User at any point in time does not exceed $5,000; and

(b) no single Payment Transaction relating to Stored Value exceeds $1,000.

Guidance

Rule A7.3.2 prohibits an Authorised Firm from paying any interest or other return on Stored Value. This prohibition is intended to remove the likelihood or perception that the funds are held as deposits. However, the Rule does not prevent the Authorised Firm from offering incentives that encourage the use of stored value, such as reward points or merchant discounts.

231

COB/VER48/03-25