 and, if so, how such contributions will be managed, including fees and charges; and

(ii)

withdrawn before the mandatory contributions, and if so, any limits on the frequency and amount of withdrawals that can be made, and the fees and charges associated with withdrawals;

(h)

the events upon which Member benefits are payable, and the method of calculating such benefits;

(i)

details relating to how Member inquiries and complaints will be handled and the contact details for inquiries and complaints; and

(j)

that the investment managers of the investment options offered on the Investment Platform are responsible for the information provided to Members relating to those investment options.

Guidance

1. An Operator in providing the information under Rule 12.3.1 must not offer investment selection assistance tools to Members, as such tools may be construed as Advising on Financial Products. However, if such a tool is offered by an investment manager of an investment option, the Operator may let Members know how the tool may be accessed and the investment manager responsible for the tool.

2. A human resources department may provide information and conduct information sessions for Members and prospective Members about the Employee Money Purchase Scheme to which contributions will be made in respect of the Members. However, a human resource department should not give advice to Members on matters such as selecting investment options, or the merits of making voluntary contributions. Such advice should be given by a firm authorised to give advice on financial products.

Notification of any material change

12.3.2 An Operator of a Scheme must ensure that a person to whom information is provided under Rule 12.3.1 is notified promptly if there is any material change to information referred to in that Rule, whether the change occurs before or after the person becomes a Member of the Scheme.

156

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Segregation of Scheme Property

12.3.3 An Operator of a Scheme must ensure that property of the Scheme is:

(a) held by an Eligible Custodian;

(b)

clearly identified as the property of the Scheme; and

(c)

held separately from the property of the Operator or Administrator of a Scheme or any Third Party Service Provider.

Valuation of Scheme Property

12.3.4 The Operator of a Scheme must ensure that:

(a)

the property of the Scheme is valued, at least annually, for the purposes of the annual report of the Scheme; and

(b) a valuation of the property of the Scheme specific to each Member’s benefits is carried out for each valuation period set out in the Constitution of the Scheme, and the valuation is made available to the respective Member as soon as possible after the valuation.

Fees and charges

12.3.5 The Operator of a Scheme must ensure that fees or charges payable by Members

of the Scheme:

(a)

represent good value for the Members of the Scheme;

(b)

can be demonstrated by the Operator to be reasonable, taking into account the fees and charges of similar schemes in comparable jurisdictions;

(c)

do not exceed any ceiling specified in the Constitution or any applicable laws;

(d) are expressly permitted under the terms of the Constitution or applicable laws

or agreements;

(e) are communicated clearly to the Members of the Scheme at the time of joining

the scheme and in the event of any subsequent change; and

(f)

are not materially increased, unless the DFSA has given its prior written consent to such an increase.

Guidance

1.

In considering if fees and charges represent good value for the Members of the Scheme, the Operator should take into account established principles, such as guidance issued by the UK Pension Regulator on what constitutes good value for members.

2.

In ensuring that the fees and charges of a Scheme are reasonable and represent value for money for Members, an Operator should take into account any reduction in costs that should be

157

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

achievable due to economies of scale as assets under management increase, and due to efficiencies gained from market and technological advances.

12.3.6 (1) A Participating Employer may make a payment to meet, in whole or in part,

the administration costs of the Scheme.

(2) Where a Participating Employer makes a payment under (1), the Operator must use that payment to defray the administrative costs of the Scheme on Member contributions.

Guidance

The payments referred to in Rule 12