 Retail Client’s circumstances.

4.

If an Authorised Firm forms the view that it is not appropriate for a person to trade in a Crypto Token or Crypto Token Derivative, the Authorised Firm should refrain from offering that service to the person. As a matter of good practice, the Authorised Firm should inform the person of the firm’s decision.

Use of credit for trading in Crypto Tokens

15.6.3 An Authorised Firm must:

(a)

not provide a Credit Facility to a Retail Client in connection with trading in Crypto Tokens; and

188

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(b)

take reasonable steps to ensure that a Retail Client does not use a credit card or third-party credit facility to buy a Crypto Token.

Guidance

1.

Rule 15.6.3 does not prevent an Authorised Firm from allowing a Retail Client to use a debit card to buy a Crypto Token, provided the Authorised Firm has adequate systems in place to distinguish between a debit and credit card.

2.

An Authorised Firm should have in place controls and measures to ensure that a Retail Client does not use third party credit to fund an account, such as procedures to:

a.

verify the source of funds;

b.

warn Retail Clients that third party credit should not be used to fund an account; and

c.

obtain written confirmation from the Retail Client that third party credit is not being used to fund an account.

Offer of incentives prohibited

15.6.4 (1)

An Authorised Firm must not offer or provide to a Retail Client any incentive that influences, or is reasonably likely to influence, the Retail Client to trade in a Crypto Token or Crypto Token Derivative.

(2)

An Authorised Firm’s systems and controls must include adequate measures to ensure compliance with (1).

Guidance

1.

The prohibition in Rule 15.6.4 applies to any Authorised Firm that carries on a Financial Service relating to a Crypto Token or Crypto Token Derivative including, for example, an Authorised Firm that advises on, arranges, or executes transactions relating to Crypto Tokens or Crypto Token Derivatives or Operates a MTF. An Authorised Firm’s systems and controls need to have measures to prevent not only the Authorised Firm, but also any person acting for or on behalf of the Authorised Firm, from offering or providing incentives (see also Rule 3.5.3(1)).

2.

Offering incentives is also likely to conflict with the Authorised Firm’s overarching duty to act in the best interest of the Retail Client (see also GEN Rules 4.2.1 and 4.2.7).

3.

Incentives include bonus offers, gifts, rebates of fees (including volume-based rebates), trading credits or any form of reward in relation to the opening of a new account or trading in a new type of Crypto Token or Crypto Token Derivative offered to an existing or potential new Retail Client.

4.

While offers, such as lower fees that are not linked to volumes of trade, or access to information services or research tools relating to Crypto Tokens or Crypto Token Derivatives, will not generally be viewed as prohibited forms of incentives, an Authorised Firm would need to be able to demonstrate that these were not offered in a manner that was reasonably likely to influence the Client to deal in Crypto Tokens or Crypto Token Derivatives.

Lending and staking

15.6.5 (1)

An Authorised Firm must not offer or provide any facility or service that allows a Client to lend a Crypto Token to the Authorised Firm or to another person.

189

COB/VER48/03-25

(2)

(3)

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

The restriction in (1) does not apply to:

(a)

an Authorised Firm that is authorised to Provide Custody, if:

(i)

the Crypto Token is not a Prohibited Token;

(ii)

the Authorised Firm is reasonably satisfied that:

(A)

the Client Counterparty; and

is a Professional Client or Market

(B)

the lending is solely for the purpose of staking; and

(ii)

the requirements in (3) have been met; or

(b)

the provision of any Crypto Token to the Authorised Firm as Collateral.

Before offering or providing any facility or service under (2)(a), the Authorised Firm