 adequate monitoring of ongoing compliance, relating to the matters referred to in (i) and (ii);

(c)

ensure any DLT or similar technology that is used is fit for purpose; and

(d)

have regard to industry best practices in developing its technology design and technology governance relating to the DLT or similar technology that is used.

Guidance

To ensure the technology governance of any DLT used is fit for purpose, an Authorised Firm should, as a minimum, have regard to the need for:

a.

careful maintenance and development of the relevant systems and architecture in terms of its code version control, implementation of updates, issue resolution, and regular internal and third party testing;

b.

security measures and procedures for the safe storage and transmission of data in accordance with agreed protocols;

c.

procedures to address changes in the protocol which result in the splitting of the underlying distributed ledger into two or more separate ledgers (often referred to as a ‘fork’). These procedures should be effective whether or not the new protocol is backwards compatible with the previous version (soft fork), or not (hard fork), and should address access to information where such a fork is created;

d.

procedures to deal with system outages, whether planned or not;

e.

decision-making protocols and accountability for decisions;

f.

procedures for establishing and managing interfaces with providers of Digital Wallets; and

g.

the protocols, smart contracts and other inbuilt features of the DLT meeting at least a minimum acceptable level of reliability and safety requirements, including to deal with a cyber or hacking attack, and to determine how any resulting disruptions would be resolved.

15.8 Technology audit reports

15.8.1 (1)

This Rule applies to an Authorised Firm that uses DLT or similar technology to provide any of the following services:

(a)

Operate a MTF that trades Crypto Tokens;

(b)

hold or control Client Crypto Tokens; or

193

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(c)

carry on any other Financial Services relating to Crypto Tokens.

(2)

The Authorised Firm must:

(a) appoint a suitably qualified independent third party professional to:

(i)

carry out an annual audit of the Authorised Firm’s compliance with the technology resources and governance requirements that apply to it under this chapter; and

(ii)

produce a written report which sets out the methodology and results of that annual audit, confirms whether the requirements referred to in (i) have been met and lists any recommendations or areas of concern;

(b)

submit to the DFSA a copy of the report referred to in (a)(ii) within 4 months of the Authorised Firm’s financial year end; and

(c)

be able to satisfy the DFSA that the independent third party professional appointed to carry out the annual audit has the relevant expertise to do so, and that the Authorised Firm has done proper due diligence to satisfy itself of that fact.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Firm may appoint an Auditor to carry out the functions specified in Rule 15.8.1(2)(a), provided it is satisfied that the Auditor has the relevant expertise.

2.

Credentials that may indicate an independent third party professional is suitably qualified under Rule 15.8.1(2)(a) include:

a.

designation as a Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) or Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) by the Information Systems Audit and Control Association (ISACA);

b.

designation as a Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) by the International Information System Security Certification Consortium (ISC); or

c.

accreditation by a recognised and reputable body to certify compliance with relevant ISO/IEC 27000 series standards.

3.

The technology resource and governance requirements required to be audited under Rule 15.8.1 are those set out in section 15.7 and for an MTF Operator the requirement in Rule 14.2.3(4) that applies by virtue of Rule 15.2.1 and for an Authorised Firm that holds or controls Client Crypto Tokens, the requirement in Rule 14.3.3 that applies by virtue of Rule 15.4.2.

194

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

APP1

RECORDS OF ORDERS AND TRANSACTIONS

A1.1