4. “Payment Initiation Services” means an online service to initiate a Payment Order at the request of the User with respect to a Payment Account held at another Payment Service Provider, but does not include:

a. a service that involves contact with any funds at any stage of the Payment Transaction; or

b.

the issue of a Payment Instrument.

5. “Payment Instrument” means a:

a.

personalised device; or

b.

personalised set of procedures agreed between the User and the provider,

that is used by the User to initiate a Payment Order.

6. “Payment Order” means an instruction by a payer or payee to their respective Payment Service Provider requesting the execution of a Payment Transaction.

7. “Payment Service” means an activity referred to in the definition of “Providing Money Services” other than providing currency exchange or issuing Stored Value.

166

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

8. “Payment Service Provider" means a Person providing a Payment Service.

9. “Payment Transaction” means an act initiated by the payer or payee, or on behalf of the payer, of placing, transferring or withdrawing funds, irrespective of any underlying obligations between the payer and payee.

10. Providing Money Services means:

(a) providing currency exchange;

(b) providing Money Transmission;

(c) providing or operating a Payment Account;

(d) executing Payment Transactions on a Payment Account provided or operated by another

Person;

(e)

issuing Payment Instruments; or

(f)

issuing Stored Value.

11. "Stored Value" means any electronically (including magnetically) stored monetary value as represented by a claim on the issuer which is issued on receipt of funds or other assets for the purpose of making Payment Transactions, but does not include monetary value excluded under GEN Rule 2.6.4.

12. “User” means a Client using the service of Providing Money Services or Arranging or Advising on Money Services and includes, in relation to a Payment Service, a Person acting in the capacity of payer, payee or both.

Use of Crypto Tokens for Money Services

GEN Rule 3A.2.5 prohibits a Money Services Provider from using Crypto Tokens in connection with Money Services. The only exception to that Rule is that Fiat Crypto Tokens may be used for Money Transmission or executing Payment Transactions if certain conditions are met. GEN Rule 3A.2.5 also prohibits a Money Services Provider from carrying on other Financial Services relating to Crypto Tokens.

13.2 Requirements relating to use of currencies

13.2.1 An Authorised Firm must execute Payment Transactions, and carry out any other instructions for or on behalf of the User, in the specific currency agreed with the User.

13.2.2

(1) An Authorised Firm must not, in connection with Providing Money Services,

receive or provide physical notes or coins.

(2) The prohibition in (1) does not apply to the conversion of Stored Value to

physical notes or coins in the U.A.E.

13.2.3 Where an Authorised Firm Provides Money Services involving the UAE Dirham, it must ensure that all Dirham transactions related to the provision of those services are settled through the accounts of a financial institution that is licensed by the Central Bank to accept deposits.

167

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

13.3 General requirements

13.3.1 Where there is a dispute between a User and an Authorised Firm about whether a requirement in this chapter has been complied with, it is for the Authorised Firm to prove that it complied with the relevant requirement.

13.3.2 Where an Authorised Firm relies on a third party to execute some parts of a Payment Transaction for a User, the Authorised Firm must take reasonable steps to ensure that the third party carries out those parts of the transaction (even if the firm is not responsible for those parts of the transaction).

13.3.3 An Authorised Firm must ensure any information it is required to provide to a User

under this chapter is made available:

(a)

in an easily accessible manner;

(b)

in a durable medium that can be easily stored and retrieved by the User;

(c)

in easily understandable language and in a clear and comprehensible form;

(d)

in English or in the language agreed by the parties; and

(e)

unless specified otherwise in these Rules, in good