 words ‘Client Account’ in its title.

A6.4.3 (1)

An Authorised Firm must maintain a master list of all Client Accounts.

(2)

The master list must detail:

(a)

the name of the account;

(b)

the account number;

(c)

the location of the account;

(d)

whether the account is currently open or closed; and

(e)

the date of opening or closure.

(3)

The details of the master list must be documented and maintained for a minimum period of six years following the closure of an account.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Firm may record, register or hold a Client’s Investment or Crypto Token in a Client Account solely for that Client. Alternatively, an Authorised Firm may choose to pool that Client’s Investment or Crypto Token in a Client Account containing Investments or Crypto Tokens of more than one Client.

2.

The purpose of recording, registering or holding Investments or Crypto Tokens in a Client Account is to ensure that Investments or Crypto Tokens belonging to Clients are readily identifiable from Investments or Crypto Tokens belonging to the Authorised Firm such that, following a Distribution Event, any subsequent distribution of Investments or Crypto Tokens may be made in proportion to each Client’s valid claim over those Investments or Crypto Tokens.

3.

Following a Distribution Event, a Client may not have a valid claim over Investments or Crypto Tokens registered, recorded or held in a Client Account if that Client Account was not established to register, record or hold Investments or Crypto Tokens for that Client or a pool of Clients of which that Client was a part.

A6.4.4 An Authorised Firm must not use a Client’s Safe Custody Investment or Safe Custody Crypto Token for its own purpose or that of another Person without that Client’s prior written permission.

A6.4.5 An Authorised Firm which intends to use a Client’s Safe Custody Investments or Safe Custody Crypto Tokens for its own purpose or that of another Person, must have systems and controls in place to ensure that:

(a)

it obtains that Client’s prior written permission;

217

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(b)

adequate records are maintained to protect Safe Custody Investments or Safe Custody Crypto Tokens which are applied as collateral or used for stock lending activities;

(c)

the equivalent assets are returned to the Client Account of the Client; and

(d)

the Client is not disadvantaged by the use of his Safe Custody Investments.

A6.5 Holding or arranging custody with third party agents

A6.5.1 (1)

Before an Authorised Firm holds a Safe Custody Investment or Safe Custody Crypto Token with a Third Party Agent, it must undertake an assessment of that Third Party Agent and have concluded on reasonable grounds that the Third Party Agent is suitable to hold those Safe Custody Investments or Safe Custody Crypto Tokens.

(2)

An Authorised Firm must have systems and controls in place to ensure that the Third Party Agent remains suitable.

(3)

When assessing the suitability of the Third Party Agent, the Authorised Firm must ensure that the Third Party Agent will provide protections equivalent to the protections conferred in this appendix.

A6.5.1A (1)

Before an Authorised Firm arranges custody with a non-DIFC custodian authorised and supervised by a Financial Services Regulator, it must undertake an assessment of that custodian and have concluded, on reasonable grounds, that it is suitable to hold the Safe Custody Investments or Safe Custody Crypto Tokens.

(2)

When assessing the suitability of a non-DIFC custodian, the Authorised Firm must ensure that the non-DIFC custodian will provide protections equivalent to the protections conferred in this appendix.

A6.5.2 An Authorised Firm must be able to demonstrate to the DFSA’s satisfaction the grounds upon which the Authorised Firm considers the Third Party Agent or a non- DIFC custodian to be suitable to hold Safe Custody Investments or Safe Custody Crypto Tokens.

Guidance

1.

When assessing the suitability of a Third Party Agent, an Authorised Firm should have regard to:

a.

its credit rating;

b.

its capital and financial resources in relation to the amount of Safe Custody Investments or Safe Custody Crypto Tokens held;

c.

the insolvency regime of the jurisdiction in which it is located;

d.

its arrangements for holding the Investments or Crypto Tokens;

e.

