25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(ii)

if the Scheme is a body corporate, the articles of association or other equivalent governing documents of the body corporate; or

(iii)

in any other case, the documents that set out the relevant terms of the scheme;

(e)

“Core Benefits” means the benefits required to be paid to an Employee Money Purchase Scheme by:

(i)

a DIFC employer in respect of its employees under the Employment Law; or

(ii)

an employer in respect of its employees under a Dubai law;

(f)

“Operator” means an Authorised Firm that is acting as the Operator of an Employee Money Purchase Scheme;

(g)

“Payment Schedule” has the meaning given in COB Rule 12.3.7;

(h)

“Salary Sacrifice” means an amount that a Member has agreed in writing with the Member’s Participating Employer to have deducted from the Member’s Basic Wage; and

(i)

“Third Party Service Provider” means a Person to whom the Operator of a Scheme has delegated or outsourced an activity relating to the Scheme.

12.2 General duties and functions

General duties

12.2.1 The Operator and Administrator of a Scheme must:

(a) act in the best interests of the Members of the Scheme and, if there is a conflict between the interests of the Operator or Administrator of a Scheme and the interests of Members of the Scheme, give priority to the interests of Members;

(b) not improperly make use of information acquired through being the Operator

or Administrator of a Scheme to:

(i)

gain an advantage for itself or another Person; or

(ii)

cause detriment to Members of the Scheme;

(c)

ensure that its officers, employees and agents do not improperly make use of information acquired through being officers, employees or agents of the Operator or Administrator of a Scheme to:

(i)

gain an advantage for itself or another Person; or

151

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(ii)

cause detriment to Members of the Scheme;

(d)

ensure that any Related Party Transaction is on terms at least as favourable to the Scheme as any comparable arrangement on normal commercial terms negotiated at arm’s length with an independent third party; and

(e)

report to the DFSA, any breach of legislation administered by the DFSA or other applicable laws that relates to the Scheme and has had, or is likely to have, a materially adverse effect on the interests of Members of the Scheme, as soon as practicable after it becomes aware of the breach.

Guidance

1. The general duties set out in Rule 12.2.1 that apply to an Operator and Administrator, are in

addition to the Principles for Authorised Firms that also apply to all firms.

Application of AML procedures

2. An Administrator that performs AML functions on behalf of an Operator of a Scheme, is required to satisfy applicable AML requirements. The AML module provides flexibility to apply a risk- based approach, taking into account the nature of the product or service involved, and the customer relationship. For example, the Administrator:

a.

is required to undertake a risk-based assessment of every Participating Employer of the Scheme, and assign a risk rating proportionate to that employer (see AML Rule 6.1.1);

b.

may assign to Members of an Employee Money Purchase Scheme a low AML risk rating, taking into account the low AML risks associated with schemes or arrangements that provide employment benefits, such as pension, gratuity, retirement and superannuation schemes where:

(i)

the contributions are made by the Participating Employer in respect of each Member, and not by the Member;

(ii)

the employment benefits of the Member are not assignable to a third-party; and

(iii) there are no other factors that suggest a higher risk of money laundering

3. AML Rule 6.1.2 sets out factors that may indicate higher money laundering risks and AML Rule

6.1.3 sets out factors that may indicate lower money laundering risks.

4. AML screening of a Member may be warranted before accepting voluntary contributions to a Scheme in certain circumstances, such as where the voluntary contributions:

a.

substantially exceed the amount of mandatory contributions for that Member; or

b. are fully or freely withdrawable or assignable by the Member before the release of the

mandatory contributions.

152

COB/VER48