 Client, the Authorised Firm or a third party is responsible for providing a Digital Wallet service in respect of the Investment

176

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Token, and any related risks (including at whose risk the Client’s Investment Tokens are held in the Digital Wallet, whether it is accessible online or stored offline, what happens if keys to the Digital Wallet are lost and what procedures can be followed in such an event);

(g)

how the Client may exercise any rights conferred by the Investment Tokens such as voting or participation in shareholder actions; and

(h)

any other information relevant to the particular Investment Token that would reasonably assist the Client to understand the product and technology better and to make informed decisions in respect of it.

(3)

The key features document must be provided in good time before the relevant Financial Service is provided to the Person, to enable that Person to make an informed decision about whether to use the relevant Financial Service.

(4)

The key features document does not need to be provided to a Person to whom the Authorised Firm has previously provided that information, if there has been no significant change since the information was previously provided.

14.5 Technology audit reports

14.5.1 (1)

This Rule applies to an Authorised Firm that:

(a)

is Operating a Facility for Investment Tokens;

(b)

holds or controls Client Investments that include Investment Tokens;

(c)

relies on DLT or similar technology to carry on one or more of the Financial Services specified in Rule 14.4.1 relating to Investment Tokens; or

(d)

is Managing a Collective Investment Fund where:

(i)

Units of the Fund are Security Tokens; or

(ii)

10% or more of the gross asset value of the Fund Property of the Fund consists of Investment Tokens.

(2)

The Authorised Firm must:

(a) appoint a suitably qualified independent third party professional to:

(i)

carry out an annual audit of the Authorised Firm’s compliance with the technology resources and governance requirements that apply to it, including those specified in this chapter; and

(ii)

produce a written report which sets out the methodology and results of that annual audit, confirms whether the requirements

177

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

referred to in (i) have been met and lists any recommendations or areas of concern;

(b)

submit to the DFSA a copy of the report referred to in (a)(ii) within 4 months of the Authorised Firm’s financial year end; and

(c)

be able to satisfy the DFSA that the independent third party professional appointed to carry out the annual audit has the relevant expertise to do so, and that the Authorised Firm has done proper due diligence to satisfy itself of that fact.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Firm may appoint an Auditor to carry out the functions specified in Rule 14.5.1(2)(a), provided it is satisfied that the Auditor has the relevant expertise.

2.

Credentials that may indicate an independent third party professional is suitably qualified under Rule 14.5.1(2)(a):

a.

designation as a Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) or Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) by the Information Systems Audit and Control Association (ISACA);

b.

designation as a Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) by the International Information System Security Certification Consortium (ISC); or

c.

accreditation by a recognised and reputable body to certify compliance with relevant ISO/IEC 27000 series standards.

178

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

15

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FINANCIAL SERVICES RELATING TO CRYPTO TOKENS

FOR

FIRMS PROVIDING

15.1 Application

15.1.1 (1)

Sections 15.2 and 15.3 apply to an Authorised Firm that Operates a MTF that trades Crypto Tokens.

(2)

Section 15.4 applies to an Authorised Firm that:

(a)

Provides Custody of Crypto Tokens; or

(b)

Operates a MTF and appoints a third party to Provide Custody of Crypto Tokens.

(3)

Sections 15.5 and 15.6 apply to an Authorised Firm that carries on Crypto Business and, where specified, to an Authorised Firm