 Rule 15.3.1 to publish a key features document before the relevant Crypto Token is traded on the MTF.

Dissemination of a white paper

15.5.2 If an Authorised Firm publishes a white paper relating to a Crypto Token or disseminates or makes the white paper available to existing or potential new Clients., it must:

(a)

take reasonable steps to ensure that the version of the white paper is the latest version;

(b)

identify the authors of the white paper, if known, and when it was published; and

(c)

disclose prominently that:

(i)

it has not prepared the white paper or verified the accuracy of information in the white paper; and

185

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(ii)

investors should take care in relying on information in the white paper as it may be inaccurate or out of date.

Guidance

1.

A ‘white paper’ is a concept paper prepared by the developers of a Crypto Token. It sets out the idea for, and the overall value proposition of, the Crypto Token. It also commonly outlines a development roadmap for the Crypto Token and the key milestones the developers expect to meet.

2.

An Authorised Firm is not required to publish or make available a white paper for a Crypto Token; however, if it decides to do so it must ensure that the requirements in Rule 15.5.2 are met.

Risk Warnings

15.5.3 (1)

An Authorised Firm must display prominently on its website the following risk warnings relating to Crypto Tokens:

(a)

that Crypto Tokens are subject to extreme volatility and the value of the Crypto Token can fall as quickly as it can rise;

(b)

that an investor in Crypto Tokens may lose all, or part, of their money;

(c)

that Crypto Tokens may not always be liquid or transferable;

(d)

that investments in Crypto Tokens may be complex making it hard to understand the risks with buying, selling, holding or lending them;

(e)

that Crypto Tokens can be stolen because of cyber attacks; and

(f)

that investing in, and holding, Crypto Tokens is not comparable to investing in traditional investments such as Securities.

(2) Where an Authorised Firm presents any marketing or educational materials and other communications relating to a Crypto Token on a website, in the general media or as part of a distribution made to existing or potential new Clients, it must include the risk warning referred to in (1) in a prominent place at or near the top of each page of the materials or communication.

(3)

If the material referred to in (1) is provided on a website or an application that can be downloaded to a mobile device, the warning must be:

(a)

statically fixed and visible at the top of the screen even when a person scrolls up or down the webpage; and

(b)

included on each linked webpage on the website.

Past performance of Crypto Tokens

Guidance

Rule 3.2.6 sets out requirements for Authorised Firms providing information about past performance, or future forecasts based on past performance or other assumptions, which is provided to or targeted at

186

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

Retail Clients. The requirements also apply to Authorised Firms carrying on Crypto Business. An Authorised Firm should in providing information about the past performance of a Crypto Token:

a.

consider the knowledge and sophistication of the audience to whom the information is targeted;

b.

fully disclose the source and the nature of the past performance presented, for example, whether the past performance is net of fees, commissions or other charges;

c.

ensure that the time period used is not an inappropriately short period, or a selective period, that is chosen to show a better performance; and

d.

if a comparison is being made with other financial products, ensure that the comparison is between similar financial products and that the same calculation method and period is being used, for example a comparison with traditional financial products is unlikely to be fair, balanced or meaningful due to key differences between Crypto Tokens and traditional products.

15.6 General requirements relating to Crypto Tokens and Crypto Token

Derivatives

Interpretation

15.6.1 In this section, “Margin” means the pre-agreed amount a Client in required to pay to

open and maintain a position relating to a Crypto Token Der