ised Firm deposits any Money into a Client Account such Money is Client Money until such time as the Money is withdrawn from the Client Account in accordance with the Client Money Provisions.

A5.3.4 An Authorised Firm must maintain systems and controls for identifying Money which

must not be in a Client Account and for transferring it without delay.

A5.3.5 Where an Authorised Firm is aware that a Person may make a payment of Client

Money to the Authorised Firm, it must take reasonable steps:

(a)

to ensure that such payment of Client Money is directed to a Client Account; and

(b)

to ensure that the Authorised Firm is notified by that Person of such payment as soon as reasonably practicable.

Guidance

An Authorised Firm should have procedures for identifying Client Money received by the Authorised Firm, and for promptly recording the receipt of the Money either in the books of account or a register for later posting to the Client cash book and ledger accounts. The procedures should cover Client Money received by the Authorised Firm through the mail, electronically or via agents of the Authorised Firm or through any other means.

A5.4 Client accounts

A5.4.1 A Client Account in relation to Client Money is an account which:

(a)

is held with a Third Party Agent;

(b)

is established to hold Client Assets;

(c)

is maintained in the name of;

(i)

if a Domestic Firm, the Authorised Firm; or

(ii)

if a non-Domestic Firm, a Nominee Company controlled by the Authorised Firm; and

(d)

includes the words ‘Client Account’ in its title.

A5.4.2 (1)

An Authorised Firm must maintain a master list of all Client Accounts.

(2)

The master list must detail:

(a)

the name of the account;

(b)

the account number;

(c)

the location of the account;

(d)

whether the account is currently open or closed; and

(e)

the date of opening or closure.

207

COB/VER48/03-25

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS (COB)

(3)

The details of the master list must be documented and maintained for at least six years following the closure of an account.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Firm may hold or control Client Money belonging to a Segregated Client in a Client Account solely for that Client. Alternatively, an Authorised Firm may choose to pool that Client Money in a Client Account containing Client Money of more than one Segregated Client.

2.

The purpose of controlling or holding Client Money in a Client Account is to ensure that Money belonging to Segregated Clients is readily identifiable from Money belonging to the Authorised Firm such that, following a Distribution Event, Segregated Clients will rank highest in line in terms of any subsequent distribution of Client Money in proportion to each Client’s valid claim over that that Money.

3.

Following a Distribution Event, a Segregated Client may not have a valid claim over Client Money held or controlled in a Client Account if that Client Account was not established to hold or control Client Money for that Client or a pool of Clients of which that Client was a part.

A5.5 Exceptions to holding client money in client accounts

A5.5.1 The requirement for an Authorised Firm to pay Client Money into a Client Account does not, subject to Rule A5.5.2 and Rule A5.5.4, apply with respect to such Client Money:

(a)

received in the form of cheque, or other payable order, until the Authorised Firm, or a Person or account controlled by the Authorised Firm, is in receipt of the proceeds of that cheque;

(b)

temporarily held by an Authorised Firm before forwarding to a Person nominated by the Client;

(c)

in connection with a Delivery Versus Payment Transaction where:

(i)

in respect of a Client purchase, Client Money from the Client will be due to the Authorised Firm within one day upon the fulfilment of a delivery obligation; or

(ii)

in respect of a Client sale, Client Money will be due to the Client within one day following the Client’s fulfilment of a delivery obligation; or

(d)

held in the Client’s own name where the Authorised Firm has a mandate to manage the Money on a discretionary basis.

A5.5.2 An Authorised Firm must pay Client Money of the type described in