;

(b) Operating a Clearing House; or

(c) Operating an Alternative Trading System to the extent that such activities constitute operating a Multilateral Trading Facility as defined in Rule 2.22.1(1)(a).

2.2.12 The Financial Service of Operating an Alternative Trading System, to the extent that such activities constitute operating a Multilateral Trading Facility, may be carried on by an Authorised Market Institution which is permitted to do so by an endorsement on its Licence.

Other permitted activities

2.2.13 (1)

The activity of maintaining a Trade Repository may be carried on by an Authorised Person which is permitted to do so by an endorsement on its Licence.

(2)

In (1), a Trade Repository is a centralised registry that maintains an electronic database containing records of transactions in Investments and over-the-counter derivatives.

Guidance

1.

Maintaining a Trade Repository is not a separately licensed Financial Service, but may be carried on by an Authorised Person which has on its Licence an endorsement permitting it to do so. An Authorised Person maintaining a Trade Repository is subject to some specific requirements relating to that activity, which are set out in App 5.

2.

The functions of a Trade Repository promote increased transparency and integrity of information, particularly for centrally clearing over-the-counter derivatives. Currently there are no transaction reporting requirements in the DIFC which require reporting to Trade Repositories.

7

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

3.

An Authorised Person does not carry on the activities of a Trade Repository to the extent that it maintains records of transactions pursuant to the record keeping requirements applicable to that firm (such as those relating to transactions carried out on behalf of its Clients by an Authorised Firm, or transactions carried out on the facilities of an Authorised Market Institution).

2.3 By way of business

2.3.1 Subject to Rules 2.3.2, 2.3.3, 2.3.4, 2.3.5, 2.3.6 and 2.3.7, for the purpose of

these Rules a Person carries on an activity by way of business if the Person:

(a)

engages in the activity in a manner which in itself constitutes the carrying on of a business;

(b)

holds himself out as willing and able to engage in that activity; or

(c)

regularly solicits other Persons to engage with him in transactions constituting that activity.

Exclusions

2.3.2

(1)

Subject to Rule 2.3.5, a Person does not carry on an activity specified under paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), (j), (k), (p), (q) (r) and (y) of Rule 2.2.2 by way of business if:

(a)

the Person enters into transactions solely as a nominee for another Person and is bound to and does act on that other Person’s instructions;

(b)

the Person is a Body Corporate and carries on that activity solely as principal with or for other Bodies Corporate:

(i)

which are within the same Group as that Person; or

(ii)

which are or propose to become participators in a joint enterprise and the transaction is entered into for the purposes of or in connection with that enterprise;

provided:

(iii)

for in paragraphs (g), (j), (k) and (r) of Rule 2.2.2 the assets in question belong to a Body Corporate falling within (i) or (ii); and

the purposes of

the activities specified

(iv)

in for paragraphs (f), (h), (p), (q) and (y) of Rule 2.2.2, the activity does not involve an insurance Policyholder who is not a Group member; or

the purposes of

the activities specified

(c)

the Person carries on the activity solely for the purposes of or in connection with the sale of goods or the supply of services to a customer of that Person or a customer of a member of the same Group, provided that:

8

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

(i)

the supplier’s main business is to sell goods or supply services and not to carry on any Financial Service; and

(ii)

the customer is not an individual;

and