 or phrase is used only, for example, in a prudential context in PIB then for convenience purposes it is only defined under Rule 1.2.1 of PIB rather than in GLO. Similarly, in AML Rule 3.2.1 and in FPR section 1.3 there are a number of specific definitions. Unless the context otherwise requires, where capitalisation of the initial letter is not used, an expression has its natural meaning.

6.3 Emergency

6.3.1

(1)

If an Authorised Person is unable to comply with a particular Rule due to an emergency which is outside its or its Employees’ control and could not have been avoided by taking all reasonable steps, the Authorised Person will not be in contravention of that Rule to the extent that, in consequence of the emergency, compliance with that Rule is impractical.

(2)

This Rule applies only for so long as the consequences of the emergency continue and the Authorised Person is able demonstrate that it is taking all practical steps to deal with those consequences, to comply with the Rule, and to mitigate losses and potential losses to its customers or users.

(3)

An Authorised Person must notify the DFSA as soon as practical of the emergency and of the steps it is taking and proposes to take to deal with the consequences of the emergency.

Guidance

1.

Procedures for notification to the DFSA are set out in section 6.10.

2.

The Rules in section 6.3 do not affect the powers of the DFSA under Article 26 of the Markets Law 2012.

6.4 Disclosure of regulatory status

6.4.1 An Authorised Person must not misrepresent its status expressly or by

implication.

6.4.2

(1)

An Authorised Person must take reasonable care to ensure that every key business document which is in connection with the Authorised Person carrying on a Financial Service in or from the DIFC includes one of the disclosures under this Rule.

107

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

(2)

A key business document includes letterhead whether issued by post, fax or electronic means, terms of business, client agreements, written promotional materials, business cards, prospectuses and websites but does not include compliment slips, account statements or text messages.

(3)

The disclosure required under this Rule is:

(a)

‘Regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority’; or

(b)

‘Regulated by the DFSA’.

(4)

The DFSA logo must not be reproduced without express written permission from the DFSA and in accordance with any conditions for use.

(5)

Rules 6.4.2(1) to (4) also apply to the operation and administration of an Official List of Securities by an Authorised Market Institution.

6.5 Location of offices

6.5.1

(1) Where an Authorised Person is a Body Corporate incorporated in the DIFC, its head office and registered office must be in the DIFC.

(2) Where an Authorised Person is a partnership established under the Limited Partnership Law 2004 or the General Partnership Law 2006, its head office and registered office must be in the DIFC.

(3) Where an Authorised Person operates in the DIFC through a Branch:

(a)

it must have a place of business in the DIFC that is the principal place where it carries on the activities for which it is authorised by the DFSA; and

(b)

that place of business must be its address in the DIFC to which communications and notices may be addressed.

(4)

An applicant for authorisation to carry on one or more Financial Services must satisfy the DFSA that it will meet the requirements in this Rule when the authorisation is granted.

(5)

In this Rule:

(a)

“head office” means the principal place where an Authorised Person carries on:

(i)

the day-to-day management and control of its business, wherever that business may be conducted; and

(ii)

the activities for which it is authorised by the DFSA; and

(b)

“registered office” has the meaning given in the Companies Law, Limited Partnership Law 2004 or General Partnership Law 2006, as applicable.

108

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Guidance

