 changes in the liquidity profile in response to market stress.

Matters the DFSA may consider under Rule 3A.3.4(2)(d) include:

a.

the type of blockchain, access permissions and rights to amend the protocol and consensus mechanisms used and the associated environmental costs;

b. smart contract availability, endogenous computational capacity, native token

features and the ability to host piggyback tokens on the blockchain;

c.

interoperability of the Crypto Token across various blockchains, limitations of transaction validation times and costs on the native blockchain; and

d.

technological solutions to collect user information and monitor and maintain records of transactions and to protect privacy of user information.

Matters the DFSA may consider under Rule 3A.3.4(2)(e) include:

a.

cybersecurity risks and mitigation controls, any history of hacks and thefts involving the token, near miss events and losses from cyber security failures;

b. custody risks, systems and controls relating to wallet management and the track record of users being compensated for any operational failures in custody

management;

c.

adequacy of measures to ensure compliance with anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist finance and sanctions requirements;

d.

settlement risk and mitigation measures; and

e.

operational risk and defence mechanisms, systems and controls to prevent detect and address faulty codes, quality assurance processes and risk reaction systems.

Matters the DFSA will consider under Rule 3A.3.4(4) include whether:

a.

price volatility is generally maintained within one percent from the peg and there is minimal market risk associated with the Crypto Token;

b.

information published about the reserves provides sufficient clarity about the quality of the assets and how they are held and segregated;

c.

reserve assets:

i.

show historical evidence of relative price stability;

ii. can be converted easily and immediately into cash at little or no loss of value, taking into account relevant factors such as, degree of subordination, duration and market size;

69

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

iii. are appropriately diversified in such a way as to avoid undue reliance on any

particular asset, issuer or risk factor; and

iv. are issued by a person with a a high credit standing.

3A.3.5 (1)

The DFSA may refuse an application to recognise a Crypto Token if it is not satisfied of the matters set out in Rule 3A.3.4.

(2)

The procedures in Schedule 3 apply to a decision of the DFSA under (1) and the DFSA must give the applicant an opportunity to make representations under those procedures.

Guidance

The procedures in Schedule 3 of the Regulatory Law (providing for an affected person to be given an opportunity to make representations) apply to a DFSA decision to refuse an application for a Crypto Token to be a Recognised Crypto Token. However, no right is given under the Rules for an applicant to refer the final decision to the Financial Markets Tribunal.

3A.3.6 (1)

The DFSA may revoke the Recognised Crypto Token status of a Crypto Token if it is no longer satisfied of the matters set out in Rule 3A.3.4 in respect of the Crypto Token.

(2)

The DFSA may specify that the revocation is to take effect immediately or on a specified future date.

(3)

The procedures in Schedule 3 apply to a decision of the DFSA under (1) and in such a case the DFSA must give the following Persons an opportunity to make representations under those procedures:

(a)

the Person who applied for the Crypto Token to be a

Recognised Crypto Token; and

(b)

each Authorised Person that Operates a MTF or Clearing

House relating to the Crypto Token.

Guidance

1.

The DFSA may decide to revoke the recognition of a Crypto Token in a variety of circumstances where it is no longer satisfied that the Crypto Token meets the criteria for recognition. Without limiting those circumstances, this might include for example a major hacking event, technology failure, fraud, a serious money laundering issue, a lack of verified information about the adequacy of reserves backing a Fiat Crypto

Token or the failure of a Fiat Crypto Token to maintain its peg.

2.

The procedures in Schedule 3 of the Regulatory Law apply to a DFSA decision to revoke the Recognised Crypto Token