An Authorised Firm should consider its obligations under GEN Rule 5.3.19 and accompanying guidance.

4.

The DFSA considers 60 days from the receipt of a Complaint to be an appropriate period in which an Authorised Firm should be able to resolve most Complaints. However, Complaints related to the Provision of Money Services or Arranging or Advising on Money Services should generally be resolved within 15 business days – see Rule 9.4.3.

5.

In accordance with COB Rule 2.1.2(5), a Member, Beneficiary or Participating Employer of an Employee Money Purchase Scheme is treated as a Retail Client of

132

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

an Operator or Administrator of the Scheme. Therefore, the complaints handling procedures in this chapter relating to Retail Clients will apply to those persons.

9.2.3

On receipt of a Complaint, an Authorised Firm must:

(a)

acknowledge the Complaint promptly in writing;

(b)

provide the complainant with:

(i)

the contact details of any individual responsible for handling the Complaint;

(ii)

key particulars of the Authorised Firm’s Complaints handling procedures; and

(iii)

a statement that a copy of the procedures is available free of charge upon request in accordance with GEN Rule 9.2.11; and

(c)

consider the subject matter of the Complaint.

9.2.4 Where appropriate, an Authorised Firm must update the complainant on the

progress of the handling of the Complaint.

Guidance

1.

The DFSA considers 7 days to be an adequate period in which an Authorised Firm should be able to acknowledge most Complaints.

2.

The DFSA expects an update to be provided to the complainant in circumstances where the resolution of the Complaint is taking longer than 30 days.

Resolution of Complaints

9.2.5

Upon conclusion of an investigation of a Complaint, an Authorised Firm must promptly:

(a)

advise the complainant in writing of the resolution of the Complaint;

(b)

provide the complainant with clear terms of redress, if applicable; and

(c)

comply with the terms of redress if accepted by the complainant.

9.2.6

If the complainant is not satisfied with the terms of redress offered by the Authorised Firm, the Authorised Firm must inform the complainant of other avenues, if any, for resolution of the Complaint and provide him with the appropriate contact details upon request.

Guidance

Other avenues for resolution of a Complaint may include an external dispute resolution scheme, arbitration or the DIFC Court. Under Rule 9.4.4 an Authorised Firm Providing Money Services or Arranging or Advising on Money Services is required to ensure that Clients have access to an independent complaints handling service.

133

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Employees handling Complaints

9.2.7 Where appropriate, taking into account the nature, scale and complexity of an Authorised Firm’s business, an Authorised Firm must ensure that any individual handling the Complaint is not or was not involved in the conduct of the Financial Service about which the Complaint has been made, and is able to handle the Complaint in a fair and impartial manner.

9.2.8

An Authorised Firm must ensure that any individual responsible for handling the Complaint has sufficient authority to resolve the Complaint or has access to individuals with the necessary authority.

Complaints involving other Authorised Firms or Regulated Financial Institutions

9.2.9

If an Authorised Firm considers that another Authorised Firm or a Regulated Financial Institution is entirely or partly responsible for the subject matter of a Complaint, it may refer the Complaint, or the relevant part of it, to the other Authorised Firm or Regulated Financial Institution in accordance with Rule 9.2.10.

9.2.10 To refer a Complaint, an Authorised Firm must:

(a)

inform the complainant promptly and in writing that it would like to refer the Complaint, either entirely or in part, to another Authorised Firm or Regulated Financial Institution, and obtain the written consent of the complainant to do so;

(b)

if the complainant consents to the referral of the Complaint, refer the Complaint to the other Authorised Firm or Regulated Financial Institution promptly and in writing;

(c)

inform the complainant promptly and