 or by the Governing Body);

b.

the most important elements of its remuneration structure (such as, in the case of performance based remuneration, the link between pay and performance and the relevant assessment criteria); and

c.

aggregate quantitative information on remuneration of its Governing Body, the senior management, Persons Undertaking Key Control Functions and any major risk taking Employees.

5.

The DFSA may, pursuant to its supervisory powers, require additional information relating to the remuneration structure and strategy of an Authorised Firm to assess whether the general elements relating to remuneration under Rule 5.3.31(1) are met by the firm. Any significant changes to the remuneration structure and strategy should also be notified to the DFSA before being implemented. See Rule 11.10.20.

6.

The information included in the annual report is made available to the DFSA and the shareholders, and in the case of a listed company, to the public. The Governing Body of the Authorised Person should also consider what additional information should be included in the annual report. In the case of banks, insurers and dealers, more detailed disclosure of remuneration structure and strategy and its impact on the financial soundness of the firm would be required. When providing disclosure relating to remuneration in its annual report, Authorised Persons should take account of the legal obligations that apply to the firm including the confidentiality of information obligations.

5.4 Whistleblowing

5.4.1 In this section:

(a)

“money laundering” has the meaning given in Article 70(2)(b) of the Regulatory Law;

(b)

“regulatory concern”, in relation to an Authorised Person, means a concern held by any person that the Authorised Person, an officer or employee of the Authorised Person, an Affiliate of the Authorised Person or an officer or employee of an Affiliate of the Authorised Person has or may have:

(i)

contravened a provision of legislation administered by the DFSA; or

(ii)

engaged in money laundering, fraud or any other financial crime;

(c)

“whistleblower” means a person who reports a regulatory concern to a person specified in Article 68A(3) of the Regulatory Law.

Policies and procedures

5.4.2

(1)

An Authorised Person must have appropriate and effective policies and procedures in place:

(a)

to whistleblowers; and

facilitate

the

reporting of

regulatory concerns by

91

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

(b)

to assess and, where appropriate, escalate concerns reported to it.

regulatory

(2)

The policies and procedures required under (1) must be in writing.

(3)

An Authorised Person must periodically review the policies and procedures to ensure they are appropriate, effective and up to date.

Record of whistleblowing reports

5.4.3 An Authorised Person must maintain a written record of each regulatory concern reported to it by a whistleblower, including appropriate details of the regulatory concern and the outcome of its assessment of the reported concern.

Guidance

1.

The DFSA expects an Authorised Person to implement policies and procedures under Rule 5.4.2 that are appropriate based on the nature, scale and complexity of the Authorised Person’s business. For example, a larger or more complex firm is expected to have more detailed and comprehensive policies and procedures in place.

2.

The policies and procedures should:

a.

include internal arrangements to allow for reports to be made by whistleblowers;

b.

include adequate procedures to deal with, assess and, where appropriate, escalate reports to the senior management of the Authorised Person or, if necessary, to the DFSA or to any other relevant authority;

c.

include reasonable measures to protect the identity and confidentiality of whistleblowers;

d.

include reasonable measures to protect the whistleblower from suffering any detriment, as a result of the report;

e.

ensure that, where appropriate and feasible, feedback is provided to the whistleblower; and

f.

include reasonable measures to manage any conflicts of interest and ensure the fair treatment of any person who is the subject of an allegation in a report.

3.

An Authorised Person’s whistleblowing policies and procedures should generally encourage reporting of concerns first to the Authorised Person itself. However, the policies and procedures should also take into account that there