 after it becomes aware, or has information which reasonably suggests, that a material Cyber Incident has occurred, using the appropriate form available on the DFSA electronic portal.

Guidance

1.

In determining whether a Cyber Incident is material, an Authorised Person should take into account the extent to which the Cyber Incident:

a.

affects customer information or poses a risk to Client Assets;

b.

results in leakage or corruption of sensitive or confidential information;

104

GEN/VER67/03-25

2.

GENERAL (GEN)

c.

disrupts critical business functions or information systems;

d.

leads to material financial loss to the Authorised Person; or

e.

affects external stakeholders.

The DFSA expects an Authorised Person to consider the need to report Cyber Incidents to other authorities, such as law enforcement agencies or the DIFC Data Protection Commissioner.

105

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

6

GENERAL PROVISIONS

6.1 Application

6.1.1

(1)

Sections 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.9 and 6.10 apply to every Person to whom any provision in the Rulebook applies.

(2)

Section 6.4 applies to every Authorised Person.

(3)

Sections 6.5 and 6.6 apply to every Authorised Firm, Authorised Market Institution and Person who has submitted an application for authorisation to carry on one or more Financial Services.

(4)

Section 6.7 applies to any Person who has been affected by the activities of the DFSA.

(5)

Section 6.8 applies to the DFSA.

(6)

Only sections 6.9 and 6.10 of this chapter apply to a Representative Office.

6.2

Interpreting the rulebook

Guidance

Interpretation

1.

Every provision in the Rulebook must be interpreted in the light of its purpose. The purpose of any provision is to be gathered first and foremost from the text of the provision in question and its context among other relevant provisions.

2.

When this section refers to a provision, this means every type of provision, including Rules and Guidance.

3.

Where reference is made in the Rulebook to another provision of the Rulebook or other DIFC legislation, it is a reference to that provision as amended from time to time.

4.

Unless the contrary intention appears:

a.

words in the Rulebook importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender and words importing the feminine gender include the masculine; and

b.

words in the Rulebook in the singular include the plural and words in the plural include the singular.

5.

If a provision in the Rulebook refers to a communication, notice, agreement, or other document ‘in writing’ then, unless the contrary intention appears, it means in legible form and capable of being reproduced on paper, irrespective of the medium used. Expressions related to writing must be interpreted accordingly.

6.

Any reference to ‘dollars’ or ‘$’ is a reference to United States Dollars unless the contrary intention appears.

106

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

7.

References to Articles made throughout the Rulebook are references to Articles in the Regulatory Law 2004 unless otherwise stated.

8.

Unless stated otherwise, a day means a calendar day. If an obligation falls on a calendar day which is either a Saturday or Sunday or an official State holiday in the DIFC, the obligation takes effect on the next calendar day which is a business day.

Defined Terms

9.

Defined terms are identified throughout the Rulebook by the capitalisation of the initial letter of a word or of each word in a phrase and are defined in the Glossary (GLO), however, where a word or phrase is used only, for example, in a prudential context in PIB then for convenience purposes it is only defined under Rule 1.2.1 of PIB rather than in GLO. Similarly, in AML Rule 3.2.1 and in FPR section 1.3 there are a number of specific definitions. Unless the context otherwise requires, where capitalisation of the initial letter is not used, an expression has its natural meaning.

6.3 Emergency

6.3.1

(1)

If an Authorised Person is unable to comply with