 by an Employee in the provision of such Financial Services including any interface with Clients.

2.

When assessing the fitness and propriety of Employees, an Authorised Firm should be guided by the matters set out in section 2.3 of the RPP Sourcebook and should also monitor conflicts or potential conflicts of interest arising from all of the individual’s links and activities.

3.

When assessing the competence and capability of an Employee, an Authorised Firm should:

83

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

a. obtain details of the skills, knowledge and experience of the Employee relevant

to the nature and requirements of the role;

b.

take reasonable steps to verify the relevance, accuracy and authenticity of any information obtained;

c. determine, in light of the Employee’s relevant skills, knowledge and experience, that the Employee is competent and capable of fulfilling the duties of the role; and

d. consider the level of responsibility that the Employee will assume within the Authorised Firm, including whether the Employee will be providing Financial Services to Retail Clients in an interfacing role.

4.

An Authorised Firm should also satisfy itself that an Employee:

a. continues to be competent and capable of performing the role;

b. has kept abreast of market, product, technology, legislative and regulatory developments that are relevant to the role, through training or other means; and

c.

is able to apply his knowledge.

5.

Refer to section 2.2.13 of the RPP Sourcebook for criteria for suitability of members of the Governing Body of the Authorised Firm.

Continuing Professional Development

5.3.19A (1) An Authorised Firm must ensure that an Employee who falls within a category specified in (2) remains competent by completing a minimum of 15 hours of continuing professional development (CPD) in each calendar year.

(2) The categories of Employees specified for the purposes of (1) are:

(a) the Senior Executive Officer;

(b) the Compliance Officer; and

(c) the Money Laundering Reporting Officer.

(3) An Authorised Firm must ensure that:

(a)

the CPD in (1) is relevant to the Employee’s:

(i) current role and any anticipated change in that role; and

(ii) professional skill and knowledge;

(b)

the CPD consists of structured activities; and

(c)

the Employee keeps adequate records of CPD activities to be able to demonstrate that the requirements in this Rule have been met.

(4)

In (3), “structured activities” means courses, seminars, lectures, conferences, workshops, web-based seminars or e-learning which require a commitment of thirty minutes or more.

84

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Guidance

1. The requirement in Rule 5.3.19A does not derogate from the requirement in Rule 5.3.19 for an Authorised Firm to ensure that Employees generally are competent and capable of performing their functions. This requires the Authorised Firm to consider what training is undertaken or required for all Employees, including Employees not covered by this Rule.

2. The structured activities that are completed as CPD may consist of activities conducted internally or externally, and may include activities conducted by a professional body.

Conduct

5.3.20 An Authorised Person must establish and maintain systems and controls that ensure, as far as reasonably practical, that the Authorised Person and its Employees do not engage in conduct, or facilitate others to engage in conduct, which may constitute:

(a)

market abuse, whether in the DIFC or elsewhere; or

(b)

a financial crime under any applicable U.A.E. laws.

Outsourcing

5.3.21 (1)

An Authorised Person which outsources any of its functions or activities directly related to Financial Services to service providers (including within its Group) is not relieved of its regulatory obligations and remains responsible for compliance with legislation applicable in the DIFC.

(2)

The outsourced function under this Rule shall be deemed as being carried out by the Authorised Person itself.

(3)

An Authorised Person which uses such service providers must ensure that it:

(a)

has undertaken due diligence in choosing suitable service providers;

(b)

effectively supervises the outsourced functions or activities; and

(c)

deals effectively with any act or failure to act by the service provider that leads, or might lead, to