 Financial Institution in accordance with Rule 9.2.10.

9.2.10 To refer a Complaint, an Authorised Firm must:

(a)

inform the complainant promptly and in writing that it would like to refer the Complaint, either entirely or in part, to another Authorised Firm or Regulated Financial Institution, and obtain the written consent of the complainant to do so;

(b)

if the complainant consents to the referral of the Complaint, refer the Complaint to the other Authorised Firm or Regulated Financial Institution promptly and in writing;

(c)

inform the complainant promptly and in writing that the Complaint has been referred and include adequate contact details of any individual at the other Authorised Firm or Regulated Financial Institution responsible for handling the Complaint; and

(d)

continue to deal with any part of the Complaint not referred to the other Authorised Firm or Regulated Financial in accordance with this chapter.

Institution,

Guidance

The referral of a Complaint may involve the transfer of Personal Data, as defined under the Data Protection Law, DIFC Law No. 5 of 2020. In this respect, an Authorised Firm should consider its obligations under this law.

Retail Client awareness

9.2.11 An Authorised Firm must ensure that a copy of its Complaints handling

procedures is available free of charge to any Retail Client upon request.

Retention of records

9.2.12 An Authorised Firm must maintain a record of all Complaints made against it for a minimum period of six years from the date of receipt of a Complaint.

134

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

9.2.13 This record must contain the name of the complainant, the substance of the Complaint, a record of the Authorised Firm’s response, and any other relevant correspondence or records, and the action taken by the Authorised Firm to resolve each Complaint.

Systems and controls

9.2.14

In accordance with GEN Rules 5.3.4 and 5.3.5, an Authorised Firm must put in place adequate systems and controls in order for it to identify and remedy any recurring or systemic problems identified from Complaints.

Guidance

An Authorised Firm should consider whether it is required to notify the DFSA, pursuant to Rule 11.10.7, of any recurring or systemic problems identified from Complaints.

Outsourcing

Guidance

An Authorised Firm may outsource the administration of its Complaints handling procedures in accordance with GEN Rule 5.3.21.

9.3

Complaints recording procedures for Professional Clients

9.3.1

An Authorised Firm must have adequate policies and procedures in place for the recording of Complaints made against it by Professional Clients.

9.3.2

An Authorised Firm must maintain a record of any Complaint made against it for a minimum period of six years from the date of receipt of the Complaint.

Guidance

Depending on the nature, scale and complexity of its business, it may be appropriate for an Authorised Firm to have in place a suitable Complaints handling procedure for Professional Clients in order to ensure that such Complaints are properly handled and remedial action is taken promptly. Such Complaints handling procedures would be expected to include provisions about the independence of staff investigating the Complaint and bringing the matter to the attention of senior management.

9.4 Additional requirements for complaints related to Money

Services

9.4.1

This section applies to a complaint made by a Client against an Authorised Firm relating to the Financial Service of:

(a) Providing Money Services; or

(b) Arranging or Advising on Money Services.

9.4.2

A requirement in this section does not apply in relation to a Market Counterparty, if the Market Counterparty has given prior notice in writing to the Authorised Firm that it has elected to waive the requirement.

135

GEN/VER67/03-25

9.4.3

9.4.4

GENERAL (GEN)

Complaints to be resolved within 15 business days

(1) An Authorised Firm must, except as provided in (2), advise the complainant in writing of the resolution of the Complaint and, if applicable, provide the complainant with clear terms of redress no later than 15 business days after the day on which it received the Complaint.

(2)

If the Authorised Firm