 applying for a Licence must complete and submit the appropriate

form or forms in AFN.

Guidance

A Person submitting an application under Rule 7.2.4 is required to:

a.

pay the appropriate application fee as set out in FER; and

b.

include information relating to its Controllers, completed by the relevant Controllers themselves, in the appropriate form in AFN.

Consideration and assessment of applications

7.2.5

In order to become authorised to carry on one or more Financial Services, the applicant must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the DFSA that it:

(a)

has adequate resources, including financial resources;

(b)

is fit and proper; and

(c)

has adequate compliance arrangements, including policies and procedures, that will enable it to comply with all the applicable legal requirements, including the Rules.

Adequate resources

7.2.6

In assessing whether an applicant has adequate resources, the DFSA will consider:

(a)

how the applicant will comply with the applicable provisions of PIB or PIN;

114

GEN/VER67/03-25

7.2.7

7.2.8

GENERAL (GEN)

(b)

the provision the applicant makes in respect of any liabilities, including contingent and future liabilities;

(c)

the means by which the applicant and members of its Group manage risk in connection with their business; and

(d)

the rationale for, and basis of, the applicant’s business plan.

Guidance

A Credit Rating Agency is not subject to any specific capital requirements in PIB. Instead, it is required, pursuant to Rules 4.2.4 and 7.2.6 to have and maintain adequate financial resources to manage its affairs prudently and soundly.

Fitness and propriety

(1)

In assessing whether an applicant is fit and proper, the DFSA will consider:

(a)

the fitness and propriety of the members of its Governing Body;

(b)

the suitability of the applicant’s Controllers or any other Person;

(c)

the impact a Controller might have on the applicant’s ability to comply with the applicable requirements;

(d)

the Financial Services concerned;

(e)

the activities of the applicant and any associated risks that those activities pose to the DFSA’s objectives described under Article 8(3) of the Regulatory Law 2004;

(f)

whether the applicant’s affairs will be conducted and managed in a sound and prudent manner;

(g)

any matter which may harm or may have harmed the integrity or the reputation of the DFSA or DIFC; and

(h)

any other relevant matters.

(2)

The DFSA will, in assessing the matters in (1), consider the cumulative effect of factors which, if taken individually, may be regarded as insufficient to give reasonable cause to doubt the fitness and propriety of an applicant.

Guidance

Section 2.2 of the RPP Sourcebook sets out matters which the DFSA takes into consideration when making an assessment under Rule 7.2.7.

Compliance arrangements

In assessing whether an applicant has adequate compliance arrangements, the DFSA will consider whether it has:

115

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

(a)

clear and comprehensive policies and procedures relating compliance with all applicable legal requirements including the Rules;

to

(b)

adequate means to implement those policies and procedures and monitor that they are operating effectively and as intended.

7.2.9

In assessing an application for a Licence, the DFSA may:

(f)

make any enquiries which it considers appropriate, including enquiries independent of the applicant;

(g)

require the applicant to provide additional information;

(h)

require the applicant to have information on how it intends to ensure compliance with a particular Rule;

(i)

require any information provided by the applicant to be verified in any way that the DFSA specifies; and

(j)

take into account any information which it considers relevant.

7.2.10 (1)

In assessing an application for a Licence the DFSA may, by means of written notice, indicate the legal form that the applicant may adopt to enable authorisation to be granted.

(2) Where the DFSA thinks it appropriate it may treat an application made by one legal form or Person as having been made by the new legal form or Person.

7.2.11 In assessing an application for a Licence authorising the applicant to Operate an Alternative Trading System, the DFSA will have regard to