 Trustee of a Fund

38

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

2.25.1 (1)

In Rule 2.2.2, Acting as the Trustee of a Fund means holding the assets of a Fund on trust for the Unitholders where the Fund is in the form of an Investment Trust.

(2)

To the extent that any activity under (1) constitutes Providing Fund Administration or Providing Custody, such a Financial Service is taken to be incorporated within Acting as the Trustee of a Fund.

Guidance

Rule 2.25.1(2) alleviates any requirement upon a Trustee to obtain further authorisations for certain Financial Services where the activities fall within the ordinary scope of the activity of Acting as the Trustee of a Fund. The provision also facilitates the delegation of these discrete activities under CIR section 7.3.

Exclusions

2.25.2 A Person is not Acting as the Trustee of a Fund merely because he is acting

as an agent, employee or delegate of a Trustee.

2.26 Operating a Representative Office

2.26.1 (1)

In Rule 2.2.2 Operating a Representative Office means the marketing of one or more financial services or financial products, provided such services or products are those offered:

(a)

in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC; and

(b)

by a related party of the Representative Office.

(2)

For the purposes of (1) and (4) ‘marketing’ means:

(a)

providing information on one or more financial products or financial services;

(b)

engaging in Financial Promotions in relation to (a); or

(c)

making introductions or referrals in connection with the offer of financial services or financial products;

provided that such activities do not constitute:

(d)

Advising on Financial Products;

(e)

Advising on Credit; or

(f)

‘arranging’ under Rules 2.9.1, 2.14.1, 2.19.1(1)(c) and 2.28.1(1)(a), including receiving and transmitting orders in relation to a financial product.

(3) For the purposes of this Rule:

(a)

a ‘financial product’ means an Investment, a Credit Facility, a Deposit, a Profit Sharing Investment Account, a Contract of

39

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Insurance or, for the purposes of the prohibition in (4), a Crypto Token; and

(b)

a ‘related party’ of a Representative Office means:

(i)

the same Body Corporate as the Representative Office, including its head office or any other branch; and

(ii)

a member of the same Group as the Body Corporate referred to in (i).

(4) A Person must not Operate a Representative Office that markets:

(a)

a Crypto Token;

(b)

an Investment relating to a Crypto Token; or

(c)

a Financial Service relating to:

(i)

a Crypto Token; or

(ii)

an Investment relating to a Crypto Token.

Exclusions

2.26.2 An Authorised Firm other than a Representative Office does not Operate a Representative Office if it undertakes any activities of the kind described in Rule 2.26.1 that constitute marketing.

2.26.3 Any communication which amounts to marketing in respect of a financial service or financial product, which is issued by or on behalf of a government or non-commercial government entity, does not constitute marketing for the purposes of Rule 2.26.1.

Guidance

1.

Refer to Guidance under REP section 1.3 for the scope of the activities which a Representative Office can conduct under its Licence.

2.

Rule 2.26.1(4) prohibits the use of a Representative Office to market:

a.

a Crypto Token or an Investment relating to a Crypto Token (such as a Derivative relating to a Crypto Token or a Unit of a Fund that invests in Crypto Tokens); or

b.

a Financial Service relating to a Crypto Token or such an Investment.

2.27 Operating a Credit Rating Agency

2.27.1 (1)

In Rule 2.2.2, Operating a Credit Rating Agency means undertaking one or more Credit Rating Activities for the purpose of producing a Credit Rating with a view to that Credit Rating being:

(a)

disse