 of Long-Term Insurance); and

e.

transmitting instructions or confirmations relating to transactions.

Do arrangements which form part of another facility constitute arranging?

18

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

3.

An arrangement which is part of a wider arrangement for the purpose of bringing about transactions in Investments or Crypto Tokens still falls within the scope of the Financial Service of arranging. For example, an arranger may arrange (i.e. allow access) for potential investors to access a facility set up by an offeror of Securities. The arrangement to allow access constitutes arranging, although, for a transaction to be concluded, the investor will also need to use the offeror’s facility.

How does ‘arranging deals’ differ from ‘dealing as agent’?

4.

‘Arranging Deals in Investments’ differs from the Financial Service of ‘Dealing in Investments as Agent’ in Rule 2.8.1 because:

a. a Person ‘arranging deals’ (i.e. the ‘arranger’) does not have the authority to bind the parties to an Investment or Crypto Token transaction resulting from its ‘arranging’ activities; and

b. a Person ‘dealing as agent’ acts as the agent of a party to the Investment or

Crypto Token transaction and has the authority to bind its principal.

5.

For example, a Person acting as an agent either:

a. executes the transaction for its principal (the Client); or

b.

if using another broker to execute the client order, commits the Client to the transaction by giving a binding order to the broker.

6.

In contrast, a Person acting as an arranger may, for example, receive and transmit client orders to a broker, but does not have the power to execute or enter into the transaction for the client, or commit the client to a transaction. See the exclusion in GEN Rule 2.8.3 from ‘Dealing in Investments as Agent’, and GEN Rule 2.9.1(2)(b), both of which reflect the above position.

Do arrangements that do not bring about transactions constitute arranging?

7.

An activity falls within the scope of the Financial Service of ‘arranging’ even if it does not necessarily lead to a completed transaction. For example, a prospective buyer or seller of Securities may change his mind and not sign a contract for the sale or purchase of Securities. Similarly, a potential buyer of Long-Term Insurance, after having completed an application form for Long-Term Insurance with the assistance of an arranger, may not go ahead with the purchase of the policy. In both examples, just because the transaction has not been concluded, the arranger’s activities do not cease to be ‘arranging’ under Rule 2.9.1.

Which activities do not constitute ‘arranging’?

8.

A Person who performs for a financial service provider (in or outside the DIFC) delegated or outsourced functions, such as back office administration services, does not carry on ‘arranging’ activities under Rule 2.9.1. For example, a Person undertaking administrative tasks (such as processing applications, transmitting orders, or issuing confirmations of transactions for a brokerage firm or an insurer) is not arranging transactions.

9.

A passive display of literature which advertises Investments or Crypto Tokens does not amount to arranging, unless something more is done to help potential investors or policyholders to buy such Investments, Crypto Tokens or policies. For example, a passive display of leaflets advertising Investments in property funds at the reception of an office, such as an accountant’s office, or a display of leaflets advertising permanent health policies of an Long-Term Insurance insurer at a doctor’s or dentist’s waiting rooms, would not constitute arranging, provided the relevant service providers or employees in their offices do not assist or facilitate transactions by potential investors/policyholders.

19

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Arranging Long-Term Insurance

10. An ‘Investment’ is defined in Rule 2.9.1(4) to include rights under a contract of Long-Term Insurance (other than a contract of reinsurance). As a result, arranging activities relating to contracts of Long-Term Insurance fall within Arranging Deals in Investments. ‘Long-Term Insurance’ is defined in GLO, in summary, as a contract of the type described in Rule A4.1.2 (