 to a Financial Services Regulator.

the DFSA, an Authorised Person must

11.2 Waivers

11.2.1 This section applies to every Authorised Person.

11.2.2 Throughout the Rulebook reference to the written notice under Article 25 will

be referred to as a ‘waiver’.

11.2.3 If an Authorised Person wishes to apply for a waiver, it must apply in writing

to the DFSA using the appropriate form in AFN.

Guidance

Waiver application forms are contained in AFN and the RPP Sourcebook sets out the DFSA’s approach to considering a waiver.

11.2.4 The application must contain:

(a)

the name and Licence number of the Authorised Person;

(b)

the Rule to which the application relates;

(c)

a clear explanation of the waiver that is being applied for and the reason why the Authorised Person is requesting the waiver;

(d)

details of any other requirements; for example, if there is a specific period for which the waiver is required;

(e)

the reason, if any, why the waiver should not be published or why it should be published without disclosing the identity of the Authorised Person; and

(f)

all relevant facts to support the application.

11.2.5 An Authorised Person must immediately notify the DFSA if it becomes aware of any material change in circumstances which may affect the application for a waiver.

145

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Continuing relevance of waivers

11.2.6 An Authorised Person must immediately notify the DFSA if it becomes aware of any material change in circumstances which could affect the continuing relevance of a waiver.

11.3 Application to change the scope of a Licence

11.3.1 This section applies to an Authorised Firm applying to change the scope of its Licence or, where a condition or restriction has previously been imposed, to have the condition or restriction varied or withdrawn.

11.3.2 The provisions relating to permitted legal forms, fitness and propriety, adequate resources, compliance arrangements, enquiries and the provision of additional information set out in section 7.2 also apply to an Authorised Firm making an application under this chapter, and are to be construed accordingly.

11.3.3 An Authorised Firm applying to change the scope of its Licence, or to have a condition or restriction varied or withdrawn, must provide the DFSA, with written details of the proposed changes.

11.4 Withdrawal of a Licence at an Authorised Firm’s request

11.4.1 An Authorised Firm other than a Representative Office seeking to have its

Licence withdrawn must submit a request in writing stating:

(a)

the reasons for the request;

(b)

that it has ceased or will cease to carry on Financial Services in or from the DIFC;

(c)

the date on which it ceased or will cease to carry on Financial Services in or from the DIFC;

(d)

that it has discharged, or will discharge, all obligations owed to its customers in respect of whom the Authorised Firm has carried on, or will cease to carry on, Financial Services in or from the DIFC; and

(e)

if it is providing Trust Services, that it has made appropriate arrangements for the transfer of business to a new Trust Service Provider and the appointment, where necessary, of new trustees.

Guidance

When considering a withdrawal of a Licence, the DFSA takes into account a number of matters including those outlined in the RPP Sourcebook.

146

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

11.5 Changes to an authorised individual status

Guidance

This section addresses applications or requests regarding Authorised Individuals with respect to Article 53(3), 56(3), 58(2) and 58(3).

11.5.1 An application to extend the scope of an Authorised Individual status to other Licensed Functions may be made by the Authorised Individual and Authorised Firm by the completion and submission of the appropriate form in AFN.

11.5.2 An Authorised Firm or Authorised Individual requesting:

(a)

the imposition, variation or withdrawal of a condition or restriction;

(b)

withdrawal of Authorised Individual status; or

(c)

withdrawal of authorisation in relation to one or more Licensed Functions;

must, subject to Rule 11.5.3, for