 Firm; or

(b)

a Person who is, or is proposing to become, a Controller specified in Rule 11.8.3.

(2)

This chapter does not apply to a Representative Office or a Person who is a Controller of such a firm.

(3)

A Credit Rating Agency must comply with the requirements in this section as if it were a non-DIFC established company.

148

GEN/VER67/03-25

11.8.2

GENERAL (GEN)

Guidance

The requirements in respect of notification of changes relating to control of Branches (i.e. Non-DIFC established companies) are set out in Rule 11.8.10. Although some Credit Rating Agencies may be companies established in the DIFC, such companies will only be subject to the notification requirements relating to their Controllers. Accordingly, regardless of whether a Credit Rating Agency is a company established in the DIFC or a Branch operation, it is subject to the notification requirements only and not to the requirement for prior approval by the DFSA of changes relating to its Controllers.

Definition of a Controller

(1)

A Controller is a Person who, either alone or with any Associate:

(a)

holds 10% or more of the shares in either the Authorised Firm or a Holding Company of that firm;

(b)

is entitled to exercise, or controls the exercise of, 10% or more of the voting rights in either the Authorised Firm or a Holding Company of that firm; or

(c)

is able to exercise significant influence over the management of the Authorised Firm as a result of holding shares or being able to exercise voting rights in the Authorised Firm or a Holding Company of that firm or having a current exercisable right to acquire such shares or voting rights.

(2)

A reference in this chapter to the term:

(a)

“share” means:

(i)

in the case of an Authorised Firm, or a Holding Company of an Authorised Firm, which has a share capital, its allotted shares;

(ii)

in the case of an Authorised Firm, or a Holding Company of an Authorised Firm, with capital but no share capital, rights to a share in its capital; and

(iii)

in the case of an Authorised Firm, or a Holding Company of an Authorised Firm, without capital, any interest conferring a right to share in its profits or losses or any obligation to contribute to a share of its debt or expenses in the event of its winding up; and

(b)

“a holding” means, in respect of a Person, shares, voting rights or a right to acquire shares or voting rights in an Authorised Firm or a Holding Company of that firm held by that Person either alone or with any Associate.

Guidance

1.

For the purposes of these Rules, the relevant definition of a Holding Company is found in the DIFC Companies Law. That definition describes when one body corporate is considered to be a holding company or a subsidiary of another body

149

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

corporate and extends that concept to the ultimate holding company of the body corporate.

2.

Pursuant to Rule 11.8.2(1)(c), a Person becomes a Controller if that Person can exert significant management influence over an Authorised Firm. The ability to exert significant management influence can arise even where a Person, alone or with his Associates, controls less than 10% of the shares or voting rights of the Authorised Firm or a Holding Company of that firm. Similarly, a Person may be able to exert significant management influence where such Person does not hold shares or voting rights but has current exercisable rights to acquire shares or voting rights, such as under Options.

Disregarded holdings

11.8.3 For the purposes of determining whether a Person is a Controller, any shares, voting rights or rights to acquire shares or voting rights that a Person holds, either alone or with any Associate, in an Authorised Firm or a Holding Company of that firm are disregarded if:

(a)

they are shares held for the sole purpose of clearing and settling within a short settlement cycle;

(b)

they are shares held in a custodial or nominee capacity and the voting rights attached to the shares are exercised only in accordance with written instructions given to that Person by another Person; or

(c)

the Person is an Authorised Firm or a Regulated