 as being for the purpose of a Financial Service business; and

(d)

in relation to any particular Principle, any activity specified in (2), (3) and (4).

(2)

Principles 3 and 4 also apply in a Prudential Context to an Authorised Firm with respect to the carrying on of all its activities.

(3)

Principles 3 and 4 also take into account any activities of other members of the Group of which the Authorised Firm is a member.

(4)

Principles 10 and 11, to the extent that it relates to disclosing to the DFSA, also applies to an Authorised Firm with respect to the carrying on of all its activities, and takes into account any activities of other members of the Group of which the Authorised Firm is a member.

4.1.3

(1)

The Principles apply to an Authorised Firm only with respect to activities carried on from an establishment maintained by it in the DIFC, unless an extension in (2), (3), (4) or (5) applies.

(2) Where another applicable Rule, which is relevant to the activity, has a wider territorial scope than that in (1), any related Principle applies with that wider scope in relation to the activity described in the Rule.

(3)

Principles 1, 2 and 3 apply in a Prudential Context to an Authorised Firm with respect to activities wherever they are carried on.

(4)

Principles 4 and 11 apply to an Authorised Firm with respect to activities wherever they are carried on.

73

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

(5)

Principle 5 also applies to an Authorised Firm with respect to the activities carried on in or from any place outside the DIFC if and to the extent that the activities have, or might reasonably be regarded as likely to have, a negative effect on confidence in the financial markets operating in the DIFC.

Guidance

1.

The Principles for Authorised Firms have the status of Rules and are a general statement of fundamental regulatory requirements which apply alongside the other Rules and also in new or unforeseen situations which may not be covered elsewhere by a specific Rule. Rules in other areas of the Rulebook build upon these fundamental principles. Consequently the Rules and Guidance elsewhere in the Rulebook should not be seen as exhausting the implications of the Principles.

2.

Breaching a Principle for Authorised Firms makes an Authorised Firm liable to disciplinary action, and may indicate that it is no longer fit and proper to carry on a Financial Service or to hold a Licence and the DFSA may consider withdrawing authorisation or the Licence on that basis.

3.

The onus will be on the DFSA to show that the Authorised Firm has been at fault in some way, taking into account the standard of conduct required under the Principle in question.

4.2 The Principles for Authorised Firms

Principle 1 - Integrity

4.2.1 An Authorised Firm must observe high standards of integrity and fair dealing.

Principle 2 - Due skill, care and diligence

4.2.2

In conducting its business activities an Authorised Firm must act with due skill, care and diligence.

Principle 3 - Management, systems and controls

4.2.3 An Authorised Firm must ensure that its affairs are managed effectively and responsibly by its senior management. An Authorised Firm must have adequate systems and controls to ensure, as far as is reasonably practical, that it complies with legislation applicable in the DIFC.

Principle 4 - Resources

4.2.4 An Authorised Firm must maintain and be able to demonstrate the existence of adequate resources to conduct and manage its affairs. These include adequate financial and system resources as well as adequate and competent human resources.

Principle 5 - Market conduct

4.2.5 An Authorised Firm must observe proper standards of conduct in financial

markets.

74

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Principle 6 - Information and interests

4.2.6 An Authorised Firm must pay due regard to the interests of its customers and communicate information to them in a way which is clear, fair and not misleading.

Principle 7 - Conflicts of interest

4.2.7 An Authorised Firm must