-Term Insurance will fall within Advising on Financial Products.

2.

An ‘Insurance Aggregation Site’ is defined in GLO. In summary, it is a website or other form of electronic media that provides a facility for a user to search for, and then to conclude, directly or indirectly, a Contract of Insurance. The site may, for example, enable the user to conclude a Contract of Insurance:

a.

directly, if the user can enter into the Contract of Insurance by clicking a button on the website itself; or

b.

indirectly, if it provides a link to the insurer, transmits the details of one party to the other party or otherwise facilitates contact between the parties.

3.

Operating an Insurance Aggregation Site will fall under Advising on Financial Products to the extent that it relates to contracts of Long-Term Insurance, and under Insurance Intermediation to the extent that it relates to other types of Contracts of Insurance.

4.

An operator of an Insurance Aggregation Site that can be used by Retail Clients will need an endorsement on its Licence to deal with Retail Clients (see Rule 2.2.8).

5.

As a ‘financial product’ is defined in Rule 2.11.1(4) to include rights under an Employee Money Purchase Scheme, advice on rights under an Employee Money Purchase Scheme will fall within Advising on Financial Products. It should be noted that an Operator of an Employee Money Purchase Scheme or an Administrator of an Employee Money Purchase Scheme are not licensed to provide such advice to

Members of the Scheme.

Exclusions

2.11.2 A Person does not Advise on Financial Products by giving advice in any newspaper, journal, magazine, broadcast service or similar service in any medium if the principal purpose of the publication or service, taken as a whole, is neither:

(a)

that of giving advice of the kind mentioned in Rule 2.11.1; nor

(b)

that of leading or enabling Persons to buy, sell, subscribe for or underwrite a particular financial product of the kind in Rule 2.11.1(4).

2.11.3 A Person does not Advise on Financial Products if the activity:

23

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

(a)

is carried on in the course of providing legal or accountancy services, which do not otherwise consist of the carrying on of Financial Services;

(b)

may reasonably be regarded as a necessary part of any other services provided in the course of providing legal or accountancy services; and

(c)

is not remunerated separately from the other services.

2.12 Managing a collective investment fund

2.12.1 (1)

In Rule 2.2.2, Managing a Collective Investment Fund means:

(a)

being legally accountable to the Unitholders in the Fund for the management of the property held for or within a Fund under the Fund’s Constitution; and

(b)

establishing, managing or otherwise operating or winding up a Fund; and

(2)

To the extent that any activity under (1) constitutes Managing Assets, Providing Fund Administration, Dealing as Agent, Dealing as Principal, Arranging Deals in Investments, Providing Custody, or, in relation to a Credit Fund, Providing Credit, Arranging Credit or Advising on Credit, such a Financial Service is taken to be incorporated within Managing a Collective Investment Fund.

(3)

The Person referred to in (1) is a Fund Manager.

Guidance

A Fund Manager can Provide Custody under Rule 2.12.1(2) only to the extent that a Fund Manager is expressly permitted under the Collective Investment Law 2010 or CIR to hold Fund Property without having to appoint an Eligible Custodian to do so. See CIR 8.2.2(3) for an example of the circumstances in which an Eligible Custodian is not required. Similarly, where a Fund Manager uses the Fund Platform structure, the Fund Platform can carry out the custody function in relation to Fund Property of the Funds established on the Fund Platform only to the extent that the Fund Manager is permitted to do so.

Exclusions

2.12.2 Pursuant to Article 20(3) of the Collective Investment Law 2010, a Person is hereby prescribed by the DFSA as not Managing a Collective Investment Fund merely because that Person:

(a)

is acting as an agent, employee