;

(ii)

collecting and processing premiums;

(iii)

negotiating terms of settlement of claims; or

(iv)

settling claims;

(b)

“advising” has the same meaning as in Rule 2.19.1(2) and (3); and

(c)

“underwriting” includes, without limitation, one or more of the following activities:

(i)

assessing underwriting risks;

(ii)

negotiating and settling terms of Contracts of Insurance including exclusions;

(iii)

negotiating and settling premiums;

(iv)

negotiating commissions; or

(v)

countersigning, stamping and issuing Contracts of Insurance.

(3)

In this Rule, a reference to an “insurer” is a reference to:

(a)

an Insurer; or

(b)

a Non-DIFC insurer.

Guidance

35

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

1. As a Contract of Insurance is defined in GEN App4 to include a contract of reinsurance, Insurance Management includes functions performed for or on behalf of a reinsurer. A Person may carry on Insurance Management for or on behalf of a domestic (i.e. DIFC) Insurer or a Non-DIFC insurer (i.e. an insurer located and regulated outside the DIFC). A Person may also do so for a single insurer or a number of insurers.

2. An Insurance Manager can under Rule 2.20.1(1)(b) advise on Contracts of Insurance for which it performs, or proposes to perform, underwriting functions. This includes advising sponsors and members of captive cells it manages or proposes to manage.

3. An Insurance Manager advising on contracts of insurance which it underwrites or proposes to underwrite is not generally expected to act also as an Insurance Broker, i.e. as agent of a Policyholder, because this would cause conflicts of interest that are difficult to manage. See the Guidance under COB Rule 7.9.1.

Exclusions

2.20.2 A Person does not provide Insurance Management to an Insurer if he is an

Employee of that Insurer.

2.20.3 A Person who is an Authorised Firm does not carry on Insurance

Management if it is an Insurer.

2.20.4 A Person does not carry on Insurance Management by reason only of

providing to an insurer any one or more of the following services:

(a)

an actuarial service;

(b)

an insurance loss adjustment service; or

(c)

advice relating to insurance risks.

2.21 Managing a profit sharing investment account

2.21.1 In Rule 2.2.2, Managing a Profit Sharing Investment Account means managing an account or portfolio which is a Profit Sharing Investment Account.

2.22 Operating an alternative trading system

2.22.1 (1)

In Rule 2.2.2, Operating an Alternative Trading System means:

(a)

operating a Multilateral Trading Facility (“MTF”); or

(b)

operating an Organised Trading Facility (“OTF”).

(2)

In (1)(a), a Person operates an MTF if that Person operates a system which brings together multiple third party buying and selling interests in Investments or Crypto Tokens, in accordance with its non- discretionary rules, in a way that results in a contract in respect of such Investments or Crypto Tokens.

(3)

In (1)(b), a Person operates an OTF if that Person operates a system which brings together multiple third party buying and selling interests

36

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

in Investments, in accordance with its discretionary rules, in a way that results in a contract in respect of such Investments.

(4)

A Person must not operate a system relating to Crypto Tokens that would be an OTF if the definition in (3) applied to Crypto Tokens.

Guidance

The main distinction between operating an MTF and operating an OTF is that the former is operated in accordance with the non-discretionary rules adopted and implemented by the operator, whereas the latter is operated in accordance with the discretionary rules of the operator. Accordingly, a Person operating an OTF has more flexibility relating to how it applies its rules to participants on its facility, whereas a Person operating an MTF is required to apply its rules in a non-discretionary manner across all participants