 an example of the circumstances in which an Eligible Custodian is not required. Similarly, where a Fund Manager uses the Fund Platform structure, the Fund Platform can carry out the custody function in relation to Fund Property of the Funds established on the Fund Platform only to the extent that the Fund Manager is permitted to do so.

Exclusions

2.12.2 Pursuant to Article 20(3) of the Collective Investment Law 2010, a Person is hereby prescribed by the DFSA as not Managing a Collective Investment Fund merely because that Person:

(a)

is acting as an agent, employee or delegate of the Fund Manager; or

(b)

takes steps to wind up or dissolve a Fund or remedy a defect that led to a Fund being deregistered.

24

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

2.12.3 An Incorporated Cell Company does not Manage a Collective Investment Fund under Rule 2.12.1(1), or carry on a Financial Service referred to in Rule 2.12.1(2), if:

(a)

the user of the ICC is a Fund Manager that has an endorsement permitting it to use the Fund Platform; and

(b)

the ICC merely provides infrastructure in relation to a Fund that is an Incorporated Cell of the ICC.

2.13 Providing custody

2.13.1

(1)

In Rule 2.2.2, Providing Custody means one or more of the following activities:

(a)

safeguarding and administering Investments belonging another Person;

to

(aa)

safeguarding and administering Crypto Tokens belonging to another Person;

(b)

in the case of a Fund, safeguarding and administering Fund Property; or

(c)

acting as a Central Securities Depository.

(2)

In (1)(a) and (b), the following activities do not constitute administering Investments or Fund Property:

(a)

providing information as to the number and value of any Investments, Crypto Tokens or Fund Property safeguarded;

(b)

converting currency; or

(c)

receiving documents relating to an Investment, Crypto Tokens or Fund Property for the purpose of onward transmission to, from or at the direction of the Person to whom the Investment, Crypto Tokens or Fund Property belongs.

(3)

In (1)(c), “acting as a Central Securities Depository” means holding securities in uncertificated (dematerialised) form to enable book entry transfer of such securities for the purposes of clearing or settlement of transactions executed on a facility operated by an Authorised Market Institution or an Alternative Trading System or a similar facility regulated and supervised by a Financial Services Regulator.

Guidance

1.

A Person does not become a Fund Manager of a Fund merely by being appointed by a Fund Manager of a Fund to provide the Financial Service of Providing Custody to the Fund. This is because the Fund Manager remains legally accountable to the

25

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Unitholders of the Fund for the safe custody and proper management of the Fund in accordance with its Constitution and Prospectus.

How does Providing Custody differ from Arranging Custody?

2.

The Financial Service of Providing Custody differs from that of Arranging Custody because:

a. a Person Providing Custody is legally accountable to Clients for safeguarding and administering Client Investments or Crypto Tokens (which are defined as Client Assets – see the GLO definition), even if it appoints a Third Party Agent (see GLO) to hold Client Investments or Crypto Tokens; and

b. a Person arranging Custody does not become a party to the arrangement to Provide Custody and hence does not assume any duties or responsibilities to the Client for the safe custody of the Client’s Investments or Crypto Tokens – instead, such a Person merely facilitates a custodian to provide its services to a potential user of its services.

What is ‘Safeguarding’ and ‘Administering’ Investments?

3.

As set out in Rule 2.13.1, both the elements (i.e. the activities) of safeguarding and administering, must be present before a Person is said to carry on the Financial Service of Providing Custody.

4.

A Person:

a.

‘safeguards’ a Client’s Investments if that Person is the holder of the legal title to the Client’s Investments (whether in certificated or uncertificated form); and

b.

‘administers’