 measures to protect the identity and confidentiality of whistleblowers;

d.

include reasonable measures to protect the whistleblower from suffering any detriment, as a result of the report;

e.

ensure that, where appropriate and feasible, feedback is provided to the whistleblower; and

f.

include reasonable measures to manage any conflicts of interest and ensure the fair treatment of any person who is the subject of an allegation in a report.

3.

An Authorised Person’s whistleblowing policies and procedures should generally encourage reporting of concerns first to the Authorised Person itself. However, the policies and procedures should also take into account that there may be circumstances where it is appropriate, or a whistleblower may prefer, to report the concerns directly to the DFSA or to another relevant authority.

4.

The records under Rule 5.4.3 should include:

a.

the date the report was received;

b.

a summary of the concerns raised;

c.

steps taken by the Authorised Person in relation to the report until the matter is resolved;

d.

any steps taken to maintain the confidentiality of the whistleblower and to ensure fair treatment of the whistleblower;

92

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

e.

the list of persons who have knowledge of the report;

f.

the outcome of the assessment of the report including the rationale for the outcome and any decision on whether or not to disclose the report to the DFSA or any other relevant authority; and

g.

references or links to all documentation and review papers in relation to the report.

5.

An Authorised Person may be required to make its records of whistleblowing reports available to the DFSA for inspection.

6.

In addition to the requirements in these Rules, Article 68A of the Regulatory Law provides legal protection to a whistleblower who discloses information about suspected misconduct in good faith to a specified person, such as the relevant Authorised Person, the auditor of the Authorised Person, the DFSA or other relevant authorities.

7.

The protection under the Regulatory Law applies to any person who makes such a disclosure. For example, the disclosure may be made by a person who is or has been an officer, employee or agent of the Authorised Person, a Person who provides services or products to the Authorised Person or a person who has no formal connection with the Authorised Person.

8.

The protection under the Regulatory Law is from liability, dismissal or detriment for making that disclosure. However, it does not, for example, prevent an Authorised Person from taking action against an employee for other legitimate reasons, such as if the employee has engaged in misconduct.

9.

An Authorised Person should, as part of its whistleblowing policies and procedures, inform its officers and employees of the protection under Article 68A of the Regulatory Law.

5.5 Cyber risk management

Introduction

Guidance

1.

This section deals with the management of Cyber Risk by an Authorised Person. It aims to ensure that an Authorised Person takes measures that are appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of its activities to protect against potential loss or harm stemming from a malicious attack on its information or communication systems.

2.

This section is structured as follows:

a.

Rule 5.5.1 sets out the key definitions used in this section;

b.

Rules 5.5.2 to 5.5.4 contain the obligations of an Authorised Person to establish and maintain a Cyber Risk Management Framework and to have adequate governance arrangements in place;

c.

Rule 5.5.5 requires an Authorised Person to identify and assess Cyber Risk;

d.

Rules 5.5.6 to 5.5.15 set out measures an Authorised Person must take to protect its ICT Assets from Cyber Incidents;

e.

Rules 5.5.16 to 5.5.18 contain the obligations of an Authorised Persons to monitor its IT Systems and Networks and respond to actual or potential Cyber Incidents, and, if applicable, resume its operations responsibly; and

93

GEN/VER67/03-25

5.5.1

5.5.2

GENERAL (GEN)

f.

Rule 5.5.19 requires an Authorised Person to report material Cyber Incidents to the DFSA.

In this section:

(a)

“Cyber Incident” means an incident arising from the malicious use of information or communication technology that adversely affects an Authorised Person’s ICT Assets;

(b)

“