 the necessary arrangements such that these do not rely on the same infrastructure components and the same service provider as the primary data centres and operations.

Records

5.3.24 (1)

An Authorised Person must make and retain records of matters and dealings, including Accounting Records and corporate governance practices which are the subject of requirements and standards under the legislation applicable in the DIFC.

(2)

Such records, however stored, must be capable of reproduction on paper within a reasonable period not exceeding 3 business days.

5.3.25 Subject to Rule 5.3.26, the records required by Rule 5.3.24 or by any other Rule in this Rulebook must be maintained by the Authorised Person in the English language.

5.3.26 If an Authorised Person’s records relate to business carried on from an establishment in a territory outside the DIFC, an official language of that territory may be used instead of the English language as required by Rule 5.3.25.

5.3.27 An Authorised Person must have systems and controls to fulfil the Authorised Person’s legal and regulatory obligations with respect to adequacy, access, period of retention and security of records.

Fraud

5.3.28 An Authorised Person must establish and maintain effective systems and

controls to:

(a)

deter and prevent suspected fraud against the Authorised Person; and

(b)

report suspected fraud and other financial crimes to the relevant authorities.

5.3.29 Deleted

Corporate Governance

5.3.30 (1)

An Authorised Person must have a Governing Body and senior management that meet the requirements in (2) and (3) respectively.

(2)

The Governing Body of the Authorised Person must:

(a)

be clearly responsible for setting or approving (or both) the business objectives of the firm and the strategies for achieving those objectives and for providing effective oversight of the management of the firm;

(b)

comprise an adequate number and mix of individuals who have, among them, the relevant knowledge, skills, expertise

87

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

and time commitment necessary to effectively carry out the duties and functions of the Governing Body; and

(c)

have adequate powers and resources, including its own governance practices and procedures, to enable it to discharge those duties and functions effectively.

(3)

The senior management of the Authorised Person must be clearly responsible for the day-to-day management of the firm’s business in accordance with the business objectives and strategies approved or set by the Governing Body.

Guidance

Scope of corporate governance

1.

Corporate governance is a framework of systems, policies, procedures and controls through which an entity:

a.

promotes the sound and prudent management of its business;

b.

protects the interests of its customers and stakeholders; and

c.

places clear responsibility for achieving (a) and (b) on the Governing Body and its members and the senior management of the Authorised Person.

2.

Many requirements designed to ensure sound corporate governance of companies, such as those relating to shareholder and minority protection and responsibilities of the Board of Directors of companies, are found in the company laws and apply to Authorised Persons. Additional disclosure requirements also apply if they are listed companies. The requirements in this Module are tailored to Authorised Persons and are designed to augment and not to exclude the application of those requirements.

3.

Whilst Rule 5.3.30 deals with two aspects of corporate governance, the requirements included in other provisions under sections 5.2 and 5.3 also go to the heart of sound corporate governance by promoting prudent and sound management of the Authorised Person’s business in the interest of its customers and stakeholders. These requirements together are designed to promote sound corporate governance practices in Authorised Persons whilst also providing a greater degree of flexibility for Authorised Persons in establishing and implementing a corporate governance framework that are both appropriate and practicable to suit their operations.

4.

Stakeholder groups of an Authorised Person, who would benefit from the sound and prudent management of firms, can be varied but generally encompass its owners (shareholders), customers (in the case of an AMI, its members and investors), creditors, counterparties and employees, whose interests may not necessarily be mutually coextensive. A key objective in enhancing corporate governance standards applicable to Authorised Persons is to ensure that firms are soundly and pr