 the Authorised Person complies with all legislation applicable in the DIFC.

that

5.3.8 An Authorised Person must document the organisation, responsibilities and

procedures of the compliance function.

5.3.9 An Authorised Person must ensure that the Compliance Officer has access to sufficient resources, including an adequate number of competent staff, to perform his duties objectively and independently of operational and business functions.

5.3.10 An Authorised Person must ensure that the Compliance Officer has unrestricted access to relevant records and to the Authorised Person’s Governing Body and senior management.

5.3.11 An Authorised Person must establish and maintain monitoring and reporting processes and procedures to ensure that any compliance breaches are readily identified, reported and promptly acted upon.

5.3.12 An Authorised Person must document the monitoring and reporting processes and procedures as well as keep records of breaches of any of legislation applicable in the DIFC.

Internal audit

5.3.13 (1)

An Authorised Person must establish and maintain an internal audit function with responsibility for monitoring the appropriateness and effectiveness of its systems and controls.

(2)

The internal audit function must be independent from operational and business functions.

(3)

An Authorised Firm is not required to have an internal audit function if the only Financial Service it carries on is Managing a Venture Capital Fund.

Guidance

The Person appointed as the Internal Auditor of an Authorised Market Institution is a Key Individual pursuant to AMI Rule 5.3.1.

5.3.14 An Authorised Person must ensure that its internal audit function has unrestricted access to all relevant records and recourse when needed to the Authorised Person’s Governing Body or the relevant committee, established by its Governing Body for this purpose.

5.3.15 An Authorised Person must document the organisation, responsibilities and

procedures of the internal audit function.

82

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Business plan and strategy

5.3.16 (1)

An Authorised Person must produce a business plan which enables it, amongst other things, to manage the risks to which it and its customers are exposed.

(2)

The business plan must take into account the Authorised Person’s current business activities and the business activities forecast for the next twelve months.

(3)

The business plan must be documented and updated as appropriate to take account of changes in the business environment and to reflect changes in the business of the Authorised Person.

Management information

5.3.17 An Authorised Person must establish and maintain arrangements to provide its Governing Body and senior management with the information necessary to organise, monitor and control its activities, to comply with legislation applicable in the DIFC and to manage risks. The information must be relevant, accurate, comprehensive, timely and reliable.

Staff and agents

5.3.18 An Authorised Person must establish and maintain systems and controls that

enable it to satisfy itself of the suitability of anyone who acts for it.

5.3.19 (1)

An Authorised Firm must ensure, as far as reasonably practical, that its Employees are:

(a)

fit and proper;

(b)

competent and capable of performing the functions which are to be assigned to those Employees; and

(c)

trained in the requirements of the legislation applicable in the DIFC.

(2)

An Authorised Firm must establish and maintain systems and controls to comply with (1). An Authorised Firm must be able to demonstrate that it has complied with these requirements through appropriate measures, including the maintenance of relevant records.

Guidance

1.

When considering whether an Employee is fit and proper, competent and capable, an Authorised Firm should consider any training undertaken or required by an Employee, the nature of the Clients to whom an Employee provides Financial Services, and the type of activities performed by an Employee in the provision of such Financial Services including any interface with Clients.

2.

When assessing the fitness and propriety of Employees, an Authorised Firm should be guided by the matters set out in section 2.3 of the RPP Sourcebook and should also monitor conflicts or potential conflicts of interest arising from all of the individual’s links and activities.

3.

When assessing the competence and capability of an Employee, an Authorised Firm should:

83

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

a. obtain details of the skills, knowledge and experience of the Employee