58(3).

11.5.1 An application to extend the scope of an Authorised Individual status to other Licensed Functions may be made by the Authorised Individual and Authorised Firm by the completion and submission of the appropriate form in AFN.

11.5.2 An Authorised Firm or Authorised Individual requesting:

(a)

the imposition, variation or withdrawal of a condition or restriction;

(b)

withdrawal of Authorised Individual status; or

(c)

withdrawal of authorisation in relation to one or more Licensed Functions;

must, subject to Rule 11.5.3, for (a) submit such request in writing to the DFSA, and for (b) and (c) submit a request by completing the appropriate form in AFN.

11.5.3 A request for the variation or withdrawal of a condition or restriction may only be made after the expiry of any period within which a reference to the FMT relating to the relevant condition or restriction may commence under Article 29.

Guidance

In considering the suitability of such an application or request the DFSA may take into account any matter referred to in RPP with respect to fitness and propriety for Authorised Individuals.

11.6

Temporary cover

11.6.1

(1)

An Authorised Firm may, subject to (2), appoint an individual, who is not an Authorised Individual, to carry out the functions of an Authorised Individual where the following conditions are met:

(a)

the absence of the Authorised Individual is temporary or reasonably unforeseen;

(b)

the functions are carried out for 26 weeks maximum in any consecutive 12 months; and

(c)

the Authorised Firm has assessed that the individual has the relevant skills and experience to carry out these functions.

(2)

An Authorised Firm may not appoint under (1) an individual to carry out the Licensed Functions of a Licensed Director or Licensed Partner.

147

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

(3)

The Authorised Firm must take reasonable steps to ensure that the individual complies with all the Rules applicable to Authorised Individuals.

(4) Where an individual is appointed under this Rule, the Authorised Firm must notify the DFSA in writing of the name and contact details of the individual appointed.

(5)

An Authorised Firm must take reasonable steps to ensure that, after any period of temporary cover permitted under this Rule, an individual who is an Authorised Individual is appointed to perform the relevant function.

11.6.2 Where an individual is appointed under this section, the DFSA may exercise any powers it would otherwise be entitled to exercise as if the individual held Authorised Individual status.

11.7 Dismissal or resignation of an Authorised Individual

11.7.1 An Authorised Firm must request the withdrawal of an Authorised Individual status within seven days of the Authorised Individual ceasing to be employed by the Authorised Firm to perform a Licensed Function.

11.7.2

In requesting the withdrawal of an Authorised Individual status, the Authorised Firm must submit the appropriate form in AFN, including details of any circumstances where the Authorised Firm may consider that the individual is no longer fit and proper.

11.7.3

If an Authorised Individual is dismissed or requested to resign, a statement of the reason, or reasons, for the dismissal or resignation must be given to the DFSA by the Authorised Firm.

11.7.4

If the Authorised Individual was acting as a trustee, the Trust Service Provider must confirm to the DFSA in writing that a new trustee has been appointed in place of the trustee in question.

11.8 Changes relating to control

11.8.1

(1)

This section applies, subject to (2) and (3), to:

(a)

an Authorised Firm; or

(b)

a Person who is, or is proposing to become, a Controller specified in Rule 11.8.3.

(2)

This chapter does not apply to a Representative Office or a Person who is a Controller of such a firm.

(3)

A Credit Rating Agency must comply with the requirements in this section as if it were a non-DIFC established company.

148

GEN/VER67/03-25

11.8.2

GENERAL (GEN)

Guidance

The requirements in respect of notification of changes relating to control of Branches (i