Guidance

1.

The DFSA may decide to revoke the recognition of a Crypto Token in a variety of circumstances where it is no longer satisfied that the Crypto Token meets the criteria for recognition. Without limiting those circumstances, this might include for example a major hacking event, technology failure, fraud, a serious money laundering issue, a lack of verified information about the adequacy of reserves backing a Fiat Crypto

Token or the failure of a Fiat Crypto Token to maintain its peg.

2.

The procedures in Schedule 3 of the Regulatory Law apply to a DFSA decision to revoke the Recognised Crypto Token status of a Crypto Token. Rule 3A.3.6 specifies the Persons to whom an opportunity to make representations is to be given in such a case. However, there is no right under the Rules for the Person to refer the decision to

the Financial Markets Tribunal for review.

3.

As the effect of revoking recognition of a Crypto Token is that various activities will not be permitted in the DIFC in relation to the Crypto Token, the DFSA may in appropriate cases allow a period for the orderly winding down of activities and services in the DIFC. This could be for example by specifying that the revocation takes effect on a specified date in the future. This will however depend on the

circumstances leading to the revocation.

70

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Publication of information

3A.3.7 (1)

The DFSA will publish a notice when it recognises a Crypto Token and if it decides to revoke recognition of a Crypto Token.

(2)

The DFSA may publish notice of the fact that an application for recognition of a Crypto Token has been received or that an application has been refused.

(3)

A notice under this Rule may contain such information as the DFSA considers appropriate.

3A.4 Initial list of Recognised Crypto Tokens

DFSA may publish a list

3A.4.1 (1)

The DFSA may, without the need for an application, publish a list (an Initial List) of Crypto Tokens that are taken to be Recognised by the DFSA.

(2)

The DFSA must publish any Initial List within 30 days of the commencement date (as defined in Rule 10.5.1(1)).

(3)

The DFSA may include a Crypto Token on the Initial List if it is satisfied that the Crypto Token would meet the criteria in Rule 3A.3.4 if an application was made for its recognition.

(4)

The DFSA may amend the Initial List if it is necessary due to a change in the name of a Crypto Token on the list or if there is a fork affecting a Crypto Token on the list and the DFSA is satisfied that one or more Crypto Tokens resulting from the fork should be included on the list.

(5)

The DFSA is not to add a Crypto Token to the Initial List, except as provided in (4) if there is a fork.

(6)

The DFSA may remove a Crypto Token from the Initial List if it is no longer satisfied that it meets the criteria in Rule 3A.3.4.

(7)

The DFSA may remove a Crypto Token under (6) immediately or on a specified future date.

(8)

The procedures in Schedule 3 apply to a decision of the DFSA under (6) and for the purposes of applying those procedures the DFSA must give an opportunity to make representations to each Authorised Person (if any) that Operates a MTF or Clearing House relating to the Crypto Token.

Guidance

1.

Rule 3A.4.1 confers on the DFSA a one-off power to issue a list of Recognised Crypto Tokens on the commencement of the regime for the regulation of Crypto Tokens. The list cannot be added to after it is published, and any further Crypto Tokens will be recognised only if an application is made to the DFSA for recognition under section 3A (and the DFSA is satisfied under that section that the criteria for recognition are met). For the purposes of the prohibition in section 3A, a Crypto Token will therefore be a Recognised Crypto Token if it is included on the Initial List

71

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

published under Rule 3A.4.1 (and has not been