14.2 is available to an introducer who introduces a potential customer to a regulated firm. However, this exclusion does not apply if the introducer:

a.

is a member of the same Group as the custodian;

b.

is part of the same legal entity as the custodian (i.e. the custodian is the introducer’s head office or another branch of the same legal entity as the introducer); or

c.

receives remuneration for making the introduction from any Person – which can be a related party referred to in a. or b. above or any unrelated party.

2.15 Effecting contracts of insurance

2.15.1 (1)

In Rule 2.2.2, Effecting Contracts of Insurance means effecting such contracts as principal.

(2)

An Insurer authorised to Effect Contracts of Insurance is taken under that authorisation to be authorised also to carry on an activity that:

(a)

is referred to in Rule 2.9.1(1), 2.11.1(1) or 2.19(1)(a) or (c); and

29

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

(b)

relates to a Contract of Insurance entered into, or to be entered into, as principal by the Insurer.

Guidance

A Contract of Insurance is defined in App 4 to include a contract of reinsurance.

2.16 Carrying out contracts of insurance

2.16.1 In Rule 2.2.2, Carrying Out Contracts of Insurance means carrying out such

contracts as principal.

Guidance

A Contract of Insurance is defined in GEN App 4 to include a contract of reinsurance.

2.17 Operating an exchange

2.17.1 (1)

In Rule 2.2.2, Operating an Exchange means operating a facility which functions regularly and brings together multiple third party buying and selling its non- discretionary rules, in a way that can result in a contract in respect of Investments admitted to trading or traded on the facility.

interests

in

Investments,

in accordance with

(2)

The facility referred to in (1) may be organised on a temporary or permanent basis and can be an order driven system, a quote driven system or a hybrid of such systems that enables the market to operate electronic trading or trading by other means.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Market Institution authorised to Operate an Exchange may carry on the Financial Service of operating a Multilateral Trading Facility, as defined in Rule 2.22.1(1)(a), provided it has an endorsement on its Licence that permits it to do so (see Rule 2.2.12).

2.

An Authorised Market Institution may also act as a Trade Repository if it has an endorsement on its Licence that permits it to do so (see Rule 2.2.13). Acting as a Trade Repository does not constitute a Financial Service but is subject to the additional conduct requirements in App 5.

3.

The Financial Service of Operating an Exchange only applies in relation to Investments. Therefore, an Authorised Market Institution wishing to operate a facility for the trading of Crypto Tokens will need to use a Multilateral Trading Facility and obtain an endorsement on its Licence that permits it to operate a Multilateral Trading Facility.

2.18 Operating a clearing house

2.18.1 (1)

In Rule 2.2.2, operating a Clearing House means operating a facility where confirmation, clearance and settlement of transactions in Investments or Crypto Tokens are carried out in accordance with the

30

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

non-discretionary rules of the facility, under which the Person operating the facility:

(a)

becomes a Central Counterparty (“CCP”); or

(b)

provides a book-entry Securities Settlement System (“SSS”),

regardless of whether or not such a Person also operates a Central Securities Depository.

(2)

In (1), confirmation, clearance and settlement means the process of:

(a)

establishing settlement positions, including the calculation of net positions arising from any transactions in Investments or Crypto Tokens (the transactions);

(b)

checking that Investments, Crypto Tokens, cash or any combination of those assets, including margin, are available to secure the exposure arising from the transactions; and

(c)

securing the timely discharge (whether by