 of a payer’s Payment Account, which allows the user to initiate the payment. This type of service would typically be made available as a payment option on a merchant’s website.

6. A provider of Payment Initiation Services should not receive funds at any stage of the Payment Transaction or issue Payment Instruments. The provider of a Payment Initiation Service provides independent verification to the relevant merchant that the user has sufficient funds in his Payment Account and has made a payment by selecting that account to make a payment to the merchant.

51

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

2A. DEFINITION OF FINANCIAL PRODUCT IN THE GENERAL

PROHIBITION AGAINST MISCONDUCT

Definition of Financial Product in the general prohibition against misconduct.

2A.1.1

For the purposes of Article 41B of the Regulatory Law, a “Financial Product” means an Investment, a Credit Facility, a Deposit, a Profit Sharing Investment Account, a Contract of Insurance, a Crowdfunding Loan Agreement, Crypto Token or rights under an Employee Money Purchase Scheme.

52

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

3.

FINANCIAL PROMOTIONS

3.1 Application

3.1.1 This chapter applies to any Person who approves, makes or intends to make

a Financial Promotion in or from the DIFC.

3.1.2 Rules 3.4.1 to 3.6.3 do not apply to a Person who makes an Offer which is in

accordance with the requirements relating to:

(a)

an Offer of Securities under the Markets Law and the MKT Rules; or

(b)

an Offer of Units under the Collective Investment Law 2010 and CIR Rules.

Guidance

The purpose of the exclusion in Rule 3.1.2 is to ensure that a Person who makes an Offer referred to in that Rule is not subject to duplicative requirements under this chapter. The exclusion applies only to a communication by a Person making an Offer and if that communication is subject to requirements specified in the relevant laws or Rules.

3.2 Overview

3.2.1 The Rules in this chapter are made for the purposes of the Financial

Promotions Prohibition in Article 41A of the Regulatory Law.

Guidance

1.

Article 41A(3) of the Regulatory Law defines a Financial Promotion as:

“[A]ny communication, however made, which invites or induces a Person to:

(a)

enter into, or offer to enter into, an agreement in relation to the provision of a financial service; or

(b)

exercise any rights conferred by a financial product or acquire, dispose of, underwrite or convert a financial product.”

2.

The Guidance in this chapter is designed to help explain the scope of the Financial Promotions Prohibition.

3.

The definition of a Financial Promotion is very broad and encompasses the definitions of a “financial promotion” in Article 19(3) of the Collective Investment Law 2010. A Financial Promotion also includes “marketing material” of the type referred to in COB Rule 3.2.4(2).

4.

The DFSA considers that a Financial Promotion may be made in any manner and by any form including, but not limited to, an oral, electronic or written communication and includes an advertisement, or any form of promotion or marketing. A disclaimer stating that a communication is not a Financial Promotion would not, on its own, prevent a communication from being a Financial Promotion.

53

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

5.

A Person who is permitted to make a Financial Promotion in the DIFC pursuant to these Rules should ensure that in making such a Financial Promotion he does not breach the Financial Services Prohibition in Article 41 of the Regulatory Law.

6.

Depending on the nature and scale of the activities, if a Person makes Financial Promotions on a regular basis or for a prolonged period while physically located in the DIFC, for example by way of a booth, meetings or conferences, the DFSA may consider such activities as constituting the carrying on of a Financial Service, such as Operating a Representative Office. The DFSA considers that in the context of Financial Promotions, “a regular basis” would be anything more than occasional and "a prolonged period" would usually be anything more than five consecutive days.

7.

GEN Chapter 3A (Crypto Token