 has the power and authority to give directions in relation to Crypto Tokens, controls that Token. Generally, the Person who is the legal owner would have the power to give such directions. For example, directions to effect transactions in the form of exchanging or transferring the Token, participating in the consensus mechanism where applicable, reinvesting rewards or other income arising from the token, or exercising other rights, including rights of early access or discounts to products and services offered on the native blockchain of the Token. A firm Providing Custody would carry out such tasks for the purposes of administering the Client’s Crypto Tokens, either directly itself or indirectly through a Third Party Agent.

2.14 Arranging custody

2.14.1 In Rule 2.2.2, Arranging Custody means arranging for one or more Persons to

carry on the activity described in Rule 2.13.1 (Providing Custody).

Exclusions

2.14.2 A Person (an ‘introducer’) does not carry on the activity of Arranging Custody specified in Rule 2.14.1 merely by introducing another Person to a custodian who is an Authorised Firm or a Regulated Financial Institution authorised to provide custody. This exclusion does not apply if:

(a)

the custodian is a member of the same Group as the introducer;

(b)

the custodian is a part of the same legal entity as the introducer and, conducts custody services outside the DIFC; or

(c)

the introducer is remunerated for making the introduction by any Person, including by an entity referred to in (a) or (b).

2.14.3 An Exchange does not Arrange Custody merely by making arrangements

for, or taking steps that facilitate:

(a)

the safeguarding and administration of assets belonging to Members or other participants for the purposes of AMI section 5.10; or

(b)

the settlement by another Person of transactions entered into on a facility operated by the Exchange.

Guidance

28

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

How does Providing Custody differ from Arranging Custody?

1. Refer to Guidance item 2 under Providing Custody in section 2.13.

Activities which constitute arranging

2. The type of activities that constitute Arranging Custody include:

a.

negotiating and settling terms of the contract between the custody provider and the Person who is obtaining that service (the Client);

b.

assisting the Client to complete application forms and other processes;

c.

collecting and processing the Client’s payments; and

d.

the Client and transmitting confirmations by the custody provider) between the Customer and the custody provider.

information (including

instructions from

Non-application of the Client Asset provisions

3. The Client Asset provisions only apply to firms holding or controlling Client Assets and to firms Providing Custody. As a firm Arranging Custody does not ‘safeguard and administer Investments’ (see Guidance items 3 and 4 under Providing Custody in section 2.13), the Client Asset provisions in COB section 6.11 have only limited application to such a firm (see COB Rule 6.11.2(3)). The requirement for a Safe Custody Auditor’s Report under Rule 8.6.1(e) also does not apply to a firm Arranging Custody.

4. A firm ‘Arranging Custody’, although not subject to substantive Client Asset provisions (because it does not hold or control Client Assets), is still required to undertake due diligence on a non-DIFC custodian with whom it arranges for its Client to obtain custody services – see COB Rule A6.5.1A.

Who can rely on the exclusion in Rule 2.14.2?

5. The exclusion in Rule 2.14.2 is available to an introducer who introduces a potential customer to a regulated firm. However, this exclusion does not apply if the introducer:

a.

is a member of the same Group as the custodian;

b.

is part of the same legal entity as the custodian (i.e. the custodian is the introducer’s head office or another branch of the same legal entity as the introducer); or

c.

receives remuneration for making the introduction from any Person – which can be a related party referred to in a. or b. above or any unrelated