 to Crypto Tokens.

2.

However, the transitional relief only applies to persons who immediately before the commencement date were authorised by the DFSA and were in fact already carrying on the activities or services relating to Crypto Tokens. That is, it does not apply to persons who were not authorised or not carrying on the activities or services before that date. The DFSA may require confirmation from an Authorised Person that it was in fact carrying on the activities or services before the commencement date.

3.

The transitional relief does not relieve the Authorised Person from complying with certain key obligations during the transitional period in respect of the activities or services it carries on under the transitional arrangements. For example, the Authorised Person must comply with the Principles for Authorised Firms, Financial

142

GEN/VER67/03-25

4.

GENERAL (GEN)

Promotion requirements, Market Abuse provisions, provisions prohibiting misconduct (e.g. misleading, deceptive, fraudulent or dishonest conduct) and the prohibition relating to the use of Privacy Tokens. Further, the Authorised Person must comply with all anti-money laundering requirements which apply not only under the DFSA’s AML Rules but also under Federal Legislation.

An Authorised Firm that can use the transitional arrangements will need to obtain the necessary authorisations relating to the Crypto Tokens by the end of the transitional period. If it does not do so, it will need to cease carrying on the relevant activities or services after the transitional period.

143

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

11

SUPERVISION

Introduction

Guidance

1.

This chapter outlines DFSA’s supervisory requirements for an Authorised Person.

2.

This chapter should be read in conjunction with the RPP Sourcebook which sets out DFSA’s general regulatory policy and processes.

11.1

Information gathering and DFSA access to information

11.1.1

This section applies to an Authorised Person other than a Representative Office with respect to the carrying on of all of its activities.

11.1.2 An Authorised Person must where reasonable:

(a)

give or procure the giving of specified information, documents, files, tapes, computer data or other material in the Authorised Person’s possession or control to the DFSA;

(b) make its Employees readily available for meetings with the DFSA;

(c)

give the DFSA access to any information, documents, records, files, tapes, computer data or systems, which are within the Authorised Person’s possession or control and provide any facilities to the DFSA;

(d)

permit the DFSA to copy documents or other material on the premises of the Authorised Person at the Authorised Person’s expense;

(e)

provide any copies as requested by the DFSA; and

(f)

answer truthfully, fully and promptly, all questions which are put to it by the DFSA.

11.1.3 An Authorised Person must take reasonable steps to ensure that its

Employees act in the manner set out in this chapter.

11.1.4 An Authorised Person must take reasonable steps to ascertain if there is

any secrecy or data protection legislation that would restrict access by the Authorised Person or the DFSA to any data required to be recorded under the DFSA’s Rules. Where such legislation exists, the Authorised Person must keep copies of relevant documents or material in a jurisdiction which does allow access in accordance with legislation applicable in the DIFC.

144

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Lead regulation

11.1.5 (1)

If requested by the DFSA, an Authorised Person must provide the DFSA with information that the Authorised Person or its auditor has provided to a Financial Services Regulator.

(2)

If requested by take reasonable steps to provide the DFSA with information that other members of the Authorised Person’s Group have provided to a Financial Services Regulator.

the DFSA, an Authorised Person must

11.2 Waivers

11.2.1 This section applies to every Authorised Person.

11.2.2 Throughout the Rulebook reference to the written notice under Article 25 will

be referred to as a ‘waiver’.

11.2.3 If an Authorised Person wishes to apply for a waiver, it must apply in writing

to the DFSA using the appropriate form in AFN.

Guidance

Waiver application forms are contained in AFN and the RPP Sourcebook sets