 An Authorised Individual must observe high standards of integrity and fair

dealing in carrying out every Licensed Function.

Principle 2 - Due skill, care and diligence

4.4.2 An Authorised Individual must act with due skill, care and diligence in carrying

out every Licensed Function.

Principle 3 - Market conduct

4.4.3 An Authorised Individual must observe proper standards of conduct in

financial markets in carrying out every Licensed Function.

Principle 4 - Relations with the DFSA

4.4.4 An Authorised Individual must deal with the DFSA in an open and co- operative manner and must disclose appropriately any information of which the DFSA would reasonably be expected to be notified.

Principle 5 - Management, systems and control

4.4.5 An Authorised Individual who has significant responsibility must take reasonable care to ensure that the business of the Authorised Firm for which he is responsible is organised so that it can be managed and controlled effectively.

76

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Principle 6 - Compliance

4.4.6 An Authorised Individual who has significant responsibility must take reasonable care to ensure that the business of the Authorised Firm for which he is responsible complies with any legislation applicable in the DIFC.

77

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

5

MANAGEMENT, SYSTEMS AND CONTROLS

5.1 Application

5.1.1

(1)

Subject to (5), this chapter applies to every Authorised Person with respect to the Financial Services carried on in or from the DIFC.

(2)

It also applies in a Prudential Context to a Domestic Firm with respect to all its activities wherever they are carried on.

(3)

Sections 5.3 and 5.5 also apply to an Authorised Firm in a Prudential Context with respect to its entire DIFC branch’s activities wherever they are carried on.

(4)

This chapter also applies to an Authorised Market Institution, if it has an endorsed Licence authorising it to maintain an Official List of Securities, with respect to such maintenance.

(5)

Rules 5.3.13, 5.3.14, 5.3.15, 5.3.23, 5.3.24, 5.3.30, 5.3.31 and section 5.5 do not apply to an Authorised ISPV.

(6)

This chapter does not apply to a Representative Office.

Guidance

1.

The purpose of this chapter is to set out the requirements for the Governing Body and the senior management within an Authorised Person who are to take direct responsibility for the Authorised Person’s arrangements on matters likely to be of interest to the DFSA wherever they may give rise to risks to the DFSA’s objectives or they affect the DFSA's functions under the legislation applicable in the DIFC. See also the requirements relating to organisation in Rules 5.3.2 and 5.3.3.

2.

In relation to an Authorised Market Institution, this chapter should be read in conjunction with the AMI module.

3.

In relation to an Authorised Firm which is a Fund Manager or the Trustee, this chapter should be read in conjunction with the CIR module and construed to take into account any Fund which the Authorised Firm operates or for which it acts as the Trustee.

4.

In relation to an Authorised Person which carries on Islamic Financial Business in or from the DIFC, this chapter should be read in conjunction with the IFR module.

5.2 Allocation of significant responsibilities

Apportionment of significant responsibilities

5.2.1 An Authorised Person must apportion significant responsibilities between the members of its Governing Body and its senior management and maintain such apportionment in such a way that:

(a)

it meets the corporate governance requirements in Rule 5.3.30;

(b)

it is appropriate with regard to:

78

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

(i)

the nature, scale and complexity of the business of the Authorised Person; and

(ii)

the ability and qualifications of the responsible individuals;

(c)

it is clear who is responsible for which matters; and

(d)

the business of the Authorised Person can be adequately monitored