 and system resources as well as adequate and competent human resources.

Principle 5 - Market conduct

4.2.5 An Authorised Firm must observe proper standards of conduct in financial

markets.

74

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Principle 6 - Information and interests

4.2.6 An Authorised Firm must pay due regard to the interests of its customers and communicate information to them in a way which is clear, fair and not misleading.

Principle 7 - Conflicts of interest

4.2.7 An Authorised Firm must take all reasonable steps to ensure that conflicts of interest between itself and its customers, between its Employees and customers and between one customer and another are identified and then prevented or managed, or disclosed, in such a way that the interests of a customer are not adversely affected.

Principle 8 - Suitability

4.2.8 An Authorised Firm must take reasonable care to ensure the suitability of its advice and discretionary decisions for customers who are entitled to rely upon its judgement.

Principle 9 - Customer assets and money

4.2.9 Where an Authorised Firm has control of or is otherwise responsible for assets or money belonging to a customer which it is required to safeguard, it must arrange proper protection for them in accordance with the responsibility it has accepted.

Principle 10 - Relations with regulators

4.2.10 An Authorised Firm must deal with Regulators in an open and co-operative manner and keep the DFSA promptly informed of significant events or anything else relating to the Authorised Firm of which the DFSA would reasonably expect to be notified.

Principle 11 - Compliance with high standards of corporate governance

4.2.11 An Authorised Firm must have a corporate governance framework as appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of its business and structure, which is adequate to promote the sound and prudent management and oversight of the Authorised Firm’s business and to protect the interests of its customers and stakeholders.

Guidance

Corporate governance framework encompasses structural and procedural arrangements such as systems, policies and practices that are put in place to promote good governance and include the specific measures required under GEN Rule 5.3.30.

Principle 12 – Remuneration practices

4.2.12 An Authorised Firm must have a remuneration structure and strategies which are well aligned with the long term interests of the firm, and are appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of its business.

75

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

4.3 Principles for Authorised Individuals – application

4.3.1 The six Principles for Authorised Individuals set out in section 4.4 apply to

every Authorised Individual in respect of every Licensed Function.

Guidance

1.

The Principles for Authorised Individuals do not apply to an Authorised Individual in respect of any other functions he may carry out, although his conduct in those functions may be relevant to his fitness and propriety.

2.

Breaching a Principle for Authorised Individuals makes an Authorised Individual liable to disciplinary action and may indicate that he is no longer fit and proper to perform a Licensed Function and the DFSA may consider suspending or withdrawing Authorised Individual status on that basis.

3.

The onus will be on the DFSA to show that he is culpable, taking into account the standard of conduct required under the Principle in question. In determining whether or not the particular conduct of an Authorised Individual complies with the Principles for Authorised Individuals, the DFSA will take account of whether that conduct is consistent with the requirements and standards relevant to his Authorised Firm, the Authorised Individual’s own role and the information available to him.

4.4 The Principles for Authorised Individuals

Principle 1 - Integrity

4.4.1 An Authorised Individual must observe high standards of integrity and fair

dealing in carrying out every Licensed Function.

Principle 2 - Due skill, care and diligence

4.4.2 An Authorised Individual must act with due skill, care and diligence in carrying

out every Licensed Function.

Principle 3 - Market conduct

4.4.3 An Authorised Individual must observe proper standards of conduct in

financial markets in carrying out every Licensed Function.

Principle 4 - Relations with the DFSA

4.4.4 An Authorised Individual must deal with the DFSA