 5.5.5(2) and the Authorised Person’s Cyber Risk tolerance determined under Rule 5.5.4(2)(c).

2.

An Authorised Person may need to apply additional controls, depending on its nature, scale or complexity.

5.5.6 An Authorised Person must use and maintain up-to-date anti-malware software and must ensure that regular updates are applied to its anti-malware definition files.

Guidance

The DFSA expects an Authorised Person to use anti-malware software to conduct regular automatic scanning of its ICT Assets, in particular servers and workstations, and to scan any files received over networks (including email attachments and files downloaded from websites) and files kept on storage media before use. The anti-malware software should be used to detect and block malware, potentially malicious links in emails and malicious websites.

5.5.7

(1)

An Authorised Person must implement network security controls, including appropriate network architectures, protocols and network security devices, to protect the perimeters of its Networks.

(2)

An Authorised Person must implement network security monitoring procedures to facilitate prompt detection of unauthorised or malicious activities.

98

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Guidance

An Authorised Person should consider installing security devices at critical junctures in its Networks (e.g., firewalls, web application firewalls, intrusion detection and prevention systems, virtual private network gateways) to protect the perimeters of its Networks. The rules and configurations of the network security devices should be backed up and reviewed regularly to ensure they remain appropriate and relevant.

5.5.8

(1)

An Authorised Person must ensure that access rights and permissions to its IT Systems and Networks are properly managed.

(2)

For the purpose of (1), the Authorised Person must:

(a) establish a user access management process for the approval of a user’s request for access or permission that ensures that:

(i)

the minimum access or the user permissions needed to perform that user’s tasks or functions (‘least privilege principle’); and

is only granted

(ii)

immediately the user’s access and permissions are revoked if the conditions for granting approval are no longer met;

(b) perform regular reviews of users’ access rights and permissions

to verify that they remain appropriate.

Guidance

1.

The least privilege principle is a recognised information security concept that provides that only the minimum access necessary to perform an operation or task should be granted and that the access should be granted only for the minimum amount of time necessary. Its purpose is to reduce risk by limiting the number of individuals with access rights or privileges. In line with this principle, the DFSA expects an Authorised Person to base access rights and privileges, including access rights and privileges of employees, customers or third party service providers, on a user’s requirements and responsibilities and to revoke those rights and privileges as soon as they are no longer required, in particular, upon termination of employment, customer relationship or service contract, or change in an user’s requirements or tasks.

2.

Privileged access rights or permissions (i.e. rights and permissions to perform security related functions that ordinary users are not authorised to perform, including rights and permissions to administrator accounts) should be limited to the extent possible and assigned to user credentials different from those used for regular business activities. Regular business activities should not be performed using privileged user credentials.

3.

The process of performing regular reviews of access and permissions should facilitate the identification of dormant and redundant accounts as well as the detection of unauthorised access rights or permissions.

5.5.9 An Authorised Person must ensure that access to its IT Systems and

Networks is properly secured, including by implementing:

(a)

strong password authentication requirements;

(b)

multi-factor authentication (MFA) or equivalent protection to its IT Systems and Networks that can be accessed from the internet;

99

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

(c)

MFA or equivalent protection permissions; and

for privileged access rights or

(d)

encryption techniques to secure communication between a user and the Authorised Person’s IT Systems and Networks.

Guidance

1.

The DFSA expects that an Authorised Person’s strong password controls require, at the minimum, a change of password upon initial logon, minimum password length and history requirements, password complexity, maximum validity periods as well as lockout thresholds after