 Insurance Aggregation Site.

(2)

In (1)(a), ‘advising’ means giving advice to a Person in his capacity as a Policyholder, or in his capacity as agent for a Policyholder on the merits of his entering into a Contract of Insurance whether as principal or agent.

(3)

In (2), ‘advice’ includes a statement, opinion or report:

(a)

where the intention is to influence a Person, in making a decision, to select a Contract of Insurance or insurance cover; or

(b)

which could reasonably be regarded as being intended to have such influence.

(4)

The arrangements in (1)(c) include arrangements which do not bring about the transaction.

(5)

The arrangements in (1)(c) do not include the mere provision of information about:

(a)

a Contract of Insurance, insurer, insurance intermediary or insurance manager to a Policyholder; or

(b)

a Policyholder insurance manager,

to an

insurer,

insurance

intermediary or

32

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

if the Person providing that information does not take any further steps to assist in concluding the Contract of Insurance.

Guidance

1.

Insurance Intermediation activities may be carried on by an Insurance Agent (i.e. a Person who acts as an agent of one or more insurers) or an Insurance Broker (i.e. a Person who acts as an agent of a policyholder), or by an Insurer itself, in relation to its own Contracts of Insurance. Generally, most activities of an Insurance Agent can be carried on by an Insurance Manager that has the authority to underwrite Contracts of Insurance in the DIFC.

2. For more information about Insurance Aggregation Sites, see Guidance items 2 to 4 under Rule 2.11.1.

3.

See the Guidance under Arranging Deals in Investments in section 2.9 for the distinction between the activities of ‘acting as agent’ and ‘arranging’.

4. A Person ‘acting as agent’ as set out in Rule 2.19.1(1)(b) for an Insurer effecting or carrying out contracts of Long-Term Insurance will need to hold an Insurance Intermediation or Insurance Management Licence.

5.

If an Insurance Intermediary wishes to carry on Insurance Intermediation activities in respect of a contract of Long-Term Insurance, that is not a contract of reinsurance, it must obtain an endorsement on its Licence (see Rule 2.2.10C).

6. See also Guidance item 2 under Rule 2.9.1 for examples of activities that constitute arranging.

Exclusions

2.19.2 A Person (an ‘arranger’), does not carry on the activity of Insurance Intermediation specified in Rule 2.19.1(1) if that Person enters, or is to enter, into a transaction in respect of a Contract of Insurance as principal. This exclusion does not apply in the case of a branch which makes arrangements for its head office, or any other branch of the same legal entity as itself, to enter into a transaction as provided under Rule 2.19.1(1).

2.19.3 A Person does not carry on Insurance Intermediation if the activity:

(a)

is carried on in the course of any professional business which does not otherwise consist of the carrying on of Financial Services;

(b)

may reasonably be regarded as a necessary part of any other services provided in the course of that professional business;

(c)

is not remunerated separately from the other services; and

(d)

does not assist in the conclusion or performance of a Contract of Insurance.

2.19.3A A Person does not carry on an Insurance Intermediation activity if:

(a)

the activity is carried on in the course of a business of providing goods or services (other than Financial Services);

(b) providing goods or services referred to in (a) is the principal business

of that Person; and

33

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

(c)

the activity:

(i)

can complementary to the principal business of that Person; and

reasonably be

regarded as being ancillary and

(ii)

does not relate to a contract of Long-Term Insurance.

Guidance

1. The exclusions in Rules 2.19.3 and 2.19.