 to in (a), (b) or (c) in respect of a Derivative or instrument relating to the Crypto Token.

(2)

The prohibition in (1)(a) does not apply to an Authorised Person to the extent that it Provides Custody of a Crypto Token.

(3)

The prohibition in (1)(d) does not apply in relation to a Fund if:

(a)

it is established or domiciled in the DIFC and is a Qualified Investor Fund;

(b)

it invests not more than 30% of the gross asset value of the Fund in Crypto Tokens that are not Recognised Crypto Tokens; and

(c)

its Fund Manager:

(i)

provides Unitholders, upon request, with relevant information about the main characteristics of and risks associated with the investment in Crypto Tokens that are not Recognised Crypto Tokens; and

(ii)

conducts daily valuations of the Fund’s investments in Crypto Tokens that are not Recognised Crypto Tokens and keeps a record of those valuations.

Guidance

1.

Rule 3A.2.1 prohibits activities from being carried on in relation to a Crypto Token unless the Crypto Token is a Recognised Crypto Token i.e. a Crypto Token the DFSA has recognised under section 3A.3 or 3A.4. Section 3A.3 sets out the procedures for applying for a Crypto Token to be a Recognised Crypto Token and the criteria that must be met for the DFSA to recognise a Crypto Token.

2.

The prohibition against carrying on a Financial Service relating to an unrecognised Crypto Token does not apply to an Authorised Person that Provides Custody of a Crypto Token. For example, a Custodian may receive an ‘airdrop’ of Crypto Tokens for promotional purposes when the Crypto Tokens have not been recognised. Similarly, due to a fork which results in the splitting of blockchains a Custodian may find that it is holding Crypto Tokens that have not been recognised. The Custodian may therefore hold unrecognised Crypto Tokens without contravening the Rule.

3.

Whether a Crypto Token remains recognised after a fork in the blockchain will depend on the effect of the fork on the existing Crypto Token. If new Crypto Tokens are created they may no longer be covered by an existing recognition. For that reason, an applicant should identify any proposed fork and its effect, so that recognition can cover this contingency.

4.

The recognition of a Crypto Token by the DFSA does not cover any representation of the Crypto Token in the form of another Crypto Token, such as a wrapped token.

62

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Therefore, if a Person would like the representation of the Crypto Token also to be recognised in the DIFC, it should apply under Rule 3A.3.1.

5.

The prohibition also applies in relation to Funds that invest in Crypto Tokens. An Authorised Firm is prohibited from managing, offering or promoting a Fund that invests in unrecognised Crypto Tokens except as specified in Rule 3A.2.1(3). This prohibition covers not only Funds that invest directly in unrecognised Crypto Tokens, but also those that have an exposure using derivatives or that track an index that includes unrecognized Crypto Tokens. It also applies to indirect investment in unrecognised Crypto Tokens such as by the use of Feeder Funds or Exchange Traded Funds (see Rule 3A.1.2). Similarly, an Authorised Firm that is Managing Assets may only provide discretionary management of a Crypto Token that is recognised.

6.

The gross asset value of a Fund under Rule 3A.2.1(3)(b) should be calculated as the total value of the Fund Property, based on the most recent valuation under CIR Rule 8.4.1(1).

7.

Crypto Tokens that are prohibited from being used in the DIFC, such as Privacy Tokens and Algorithmic Tokens, cannot be recognized by the DFSA (see Rule 3A.3.4(1)).

8.

The Recognition of a Crypto Token under this chapter does not relieve an Authorised Person or any other Person from their responsibility to carry out proper due diligence on a Crypto Token before providing a Financial Service or carrying on any other activity relating to the Crypto Token.

9.

The DFSA expects that the information about the main characteristics and risks referred to in Rule 3A.2.1