 Crypto Tokens that would be an OTF if the definition in (3) applied to Crypto Tokens.

Guidance

The main distinction between operating an MTF and operating an OTF is that the former is operated in accordance with the non-discretionary rules adopted and implemented by the operator, whereas the latter is operated in accordance with the discretionary rules of the operator. Accordingly, a Person operating an OTF has more flexibility relating to how it applies its rules to participants on its facility, whereas a Person operating an MTF is required to apply its rules in a non-discretionary manner across all participants on its facility. Under the above Rule, an OTF cannot be operated for Crypto Tokens. Therefore, an ATS relating to Crypto Tokens may only be a MTF.

Exclusions

2.22.2 A Person does not carry on the activity of the kind specified in Rule 2.22.1 if it operates a facility which is merely an order routing system where buying and selling interests in, or orders for, Investments or Crypto Tokens are merely transmitted but do not interact.

2.22.3 A Crowdfunding Operator does not Operate an Alternative Trading System to

the extent that it Operates a Crowdfunding Platform.

2.23 Providing Trust Services

2.23.1 In Rule 2.2.2, Providing Trust Services means:

(a)

the provision of services with respect to the creation of an express trust;

(b)

arranging for any Person to act as a trustee in respect of any express trust;

(c)

acting as trustee in respect of an express trust;

(d)

the provision of Trust Administration Services in respect of an express trust; or

(e)

acting as protector or enforcer in respect of an express trust.

Guidance

Providing generic advice on the desirability of using a trust does not amount to Providing Trust Services as defined in Rule 2.23.1.

Exclusions

37

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

2.23.2 A Person meeting part (1)(d) or (e) of the definition of a DNFBP does not

provide Trust Services where it only:

(a)

arranges for a Person to act as trustee in respect of an express trust; or

(b)

provides services with respect to the creation of an express trust;

provided that:

(i)

the provision of such services is solely incidental to the practice of law or accounting as the case may be; and

(ii)

the DNFBP is not holding itself out as Providing Trust Services.

Guidance

Acting as trustee, protector or enforcer or Providing Trust Administration Services are not activities incidental to the practice of law or accounting and require a Licence.

2.23.3 A Person is not Providing Trust Services if that Person is the Trustee of a Fund and the activities are in connection with or arise from, acting as the Trustee of the Fund.

2.24 Providing fund administration

2.24.1 In Rule 2.2.2, Providing Fund Administration means providing one or more of

the following services in relation to a Fund:

(a)

processing dealing instructions including subscriptions, redemptions, stock transfers and arranging settlements;

(b)

valuing of assets and performing net asset value calculations;

(c)

maintaining the share register and Unitholder registration details;

(d)

performing anti money laundering requirements;

(e)

undertaking transaction monitoring and reconciliation functions;

(f)

performing administrative activities in relation to banking, cash management, treasury and foreign exchange;

(g)

producing financial statements, other than as the Fund’s registered auditor; or

(h)

communicating with participants, the Fund, the Fund Manager, and investment managers, the prime brokers, the Regulators and any other parties in relation to the administration of the Fund.

2.25 Acting as the Trustee of a Fund

38

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

2.25.1 (1)

In Rule 2.2.2, Acting as the Trustee of a Fund means holding the assets of a Fund on trust for the Unitholders where the Fund is in the form of an Investment Trust.

(2)

To the extent that any activity under (1) constitutes Providing Fund Administration or Providing Custody, such a Financial Service is taken to be incorporated within Acting as the Trustee of a Fund.

Guidance

Rule 2.