 identify suspicious activities and system errors indicating a potential Cyber Incident.

3.

The process for escalating actual or potential Cyber Incidents should define a point of contact for reporting incidents. All Employees should be made aware of their responsibility to report actual or potential Cyber Incidents as quickly as possible.

5.5.17 (1)

An Authorised Person must draw up and maintain a robust Cyber Incident Response Plan providing for measures to be taken by the Authorised Person to respond to and limit consequences of a Cyber Incident.

(2)

The Cyber include appropriate conditions and procedures to ensure the timely implementation of response and recovery actions, including the actions required by Rule 5.5.18.

Incident Response Plan must

(3)

The conditions and procedures in (2) must be regularly tested to ensure their effectiveness.

(4)

An Authorised Person must ensure the Cyber Incident Response Plan is in writing and is reviewed at least annually and following the occurrence of a major Cyber Incident to ensure that it remains appropriate, effective and up-to-date.

Guidance

1.

GEN Rule 5.3.23 provides overarching requirements for an Authorised Person’s business continuity arrangements. The DFSA expects the Cyber Incident Response Plan to be integrated into the Authorised Person’s overall crisis management and disaster recovery plans, where applicable.

2.

The DFSA expects an Authorised Person’s Cyber Incident Response Plan to include a plan for communication with internal and external stakeholders using pre-approved communication templates relating to identified scenarios that can easily be adjusted, if necessary, and promptly released if there is a Cyber Incident. The communication plans may be developed to address a range of possible scenarios taking into consideration experience from previous incidents.

3.

An Authorised Person’s test of its conditions and procedures under Rule 5.5.17(3) may be conducted in a variety of ways (for example table-top exercise or

103

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

simulations) and the appropriate scope of testing should be determined each time a test is planned. While an Authorised Person may decide to test only selected procedures at one time, it should ensure that all aspects of the Cyber Incident Response Plan are tested regularly. Testing requirements should be specified in the Cyber Incident Response Plan.

4.

The regular review required by Rule 5.5.17(4) should take into account current cyber threat intelligence as well as lessons learned from previous events and be adjusted to account for new processes and services. Where the review is triggered by a major Cyber Incident (see Guidance item 1 under Rule 5.5.19), the DFSA expects an Authorised Person to assess whether established procedures were followed and whether actions taken were effective. It should also identify key lessons learnt with a view to improving future Cyber Incident response and recovery processes.

5.5.18 (1)

If a potential or actual Cyber Incident is detected, an Authorised Person must carry out an investigation to determine its nature and extent.

(2) While the investigation in (1) is ongoing, the Authorised Person must, where applicable, take immediate action to contain the situation to prevent further damage and commence recovery processes based on its Cyber Incident Response Plan.

(3)

An Authorised Person must take reasonable care to resume its operations responsibly, including by taking the following steps, where applicable:

(a) eliminating remaining harmful effects of the Cyber Incident;

(b)

restoring affected elements of its IT Systems and Networks;

(c)

recovering corrupted data;

(d)

identifying and mitigating all vulnerabilities that were exploited by the Cyber Incident;

(e)

remediating vulnerabilities to prevent similar Cyber Incidents in the future; and

(f)

communicating appropriately internally and externally.

Notification

5.5.19 An Authorised Person must notify the DFSA as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event no later than 72 hours, after it becomes aware, or has information which reasonably suggests, that a material Cyber Incident has occurred, using the appropriate form available on the DFSA electronic portal.

Guidance

1.

In determining whether a Cyber Incident is material, an Authorised Person should take into account the extent to which the Cyber Incident:

a.

affects customer information or poses a risk to Client Assets;

b.

results in leakage or corruption of sensitive or confidential information;

104

GEN/VER67/03-25

2.

GENERAL (GEN)

c.

disrupts critical business functions or information systems;

d.

