IB Rule 1.3.6).

Subject to (4), an Authorised Firm makes a Major Acquisition if it makes or proposes to directly or indirectly acquire a shareholding in a Body Corporate where that acquisition:

(a)

is of a value (whether by one acquisition or a series of acquisitions) of 10% or more of:

(i)

the Authorised Firm’s Capital Resources, if it is a Domestic Firm which is a Category 1 Authorised Firm (as defined in PIB Rule 1.3.1), Category 2 Authorised Firm (as defined in PIB Rule 1.3.2) or Category 5 Authorised Firm (as defined in PIB Rule 1.3.7); or

(ii)

the Authorised Firm’s Adjusted Capital Resources, if it is a Domestic Firm conducting Insurance Business; or

(iii)

the Authorised Firm the capital calculated in accordance with the requirements of the Financial Services Regulator in its home jurisdiction, if it is not a Domestic Firm; or

resources of

(b)

even if it does not exceed the 10% threshold referred to in (a), it is reasonably likely to have a significant regulatory impact on the Authorised Firm’s activities.

An acquisition is not a Major Acquisition for the purposes of (3) if it is an investment made by an Authorised Firm:

(a)

in accordance with the terms of a contract entered into by the Authorised Firm as an incidental part of its ordinary business; or

(b)

as a routine transaction for managing the Authorised Firm’s own investment portfolio and therefore can reasonably be regarded as made for a purpose other than acquiring management or control of a Body Corporate either directly or indirectly.

Guidance

1.

Examples of the kind of investments referred to in Rule 11.10.8(3)(b) include an acquisition of a stake in a small specialised trading firm that engages in high risk trades or other activities that could pose a reputational risk to the Authorised Firm.

2.

The onus is on an Authorised Firm proposing to make an acquisition to consider whether it qualifies as a Major Acquisition under Rule 11.10.8(3)(b). Generally, in the case of an Authorised Firm that is not a Domestic Firm (i.e. a Branch operation in the DIFC), the significant regulatory impact referred to in Rule 11.10.8 (3)(b) should be prudential risk to the Authorised Firm as a whole. If an Authorised Firm is uncertain

158

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

about whether or not a proposed acquisition qualifies as a Major Acquisition under Rule 11.10.8 (3)(b), the Authorised Firm may seek guidance from the DFSA.

3.

Examples of contractual arrangements of the kind referred to in Rule 11.10.8 (4)(a) include enforcement of a security interest in the securities of the investee Body Corporate or a loan workout pursuant to a loan agreement entered into between a bank and its client.

4.

Examples of the kind of investments referred to in Rule 11.10.8(4)(b) include temporary investments, such as investments included in the Authorised Firm’s trading book or which are intended to be disposed of within a short term (e.g. within 12 months).

11.10.9 (1)

An Authorised Firm which is a Domestic Firm must:

(a)

before making a Major Acquisition:

(i)

notify the DFSA in writing of the proposed Major Acquisition at least 45 days prior to the proposed date for effecting the Major Acquisition; and

(ii)

give to the DFSA all the relevant information relating to that Major Acquisition to enable the DFSA to assess the impact of the proposed Major Acquisition on the Authorised Firm; and

(b)

not effect the proposed Major Acquisition unless:

(i)

the Authorised Firm has either received written advice from the DFSA that it has no objection to that Major Acquisition or has not received any written objection or request for additional information from the DFSA within 45 days after the date of the notification; and

(ii)

if the DFSA has imposed any conditions relating to the proposed Major Acquisition, it has complied with, and has the on-going ability to comply with, the relevant conditions.

(2)

The DFSA may only object to a proposed Major Acquisition if it is of the view