 by a specific Security or Derivative, it should confer rights and obligations that give it most of the main characteristics of the relevant type of Security or Derivative. That is, it is not enough to confer part only of the rights and obligations that are characteristic of the relevant Security or Derivative, or to confer hybrid rights or interests that are not typical of either one type of Security or Derivative or another. As noted in paragraph 10 above, it is possible for an Investment Token to confer additional rights and obligations that go beyond those conferred by one specific Security or Derivative.

12.

The DFSA considers that key factors to take into account when determining whether a Token is an Investment Token and, if so, which particular type (or types) of Security or Derivative it constitutes include:

201

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

a.

in substance, what rights and interests are given to holders of such a Token;

b.

who is required to meet the corresponding duties and obligations arising from the rights and interests referred to in (a);

c.

how such a Token may reasonably be viewed by investors;

d.

how the offer documents or other marketing material describe the Token (although this is not a conclusive indicator); and

e.

how such Tokens are generally classified in other jurisdictions.

13.

The remainder of the Guidance in this Appendix sets out key examples of Investments that a Token might constitute.

When is an Investment Token a Share?

14.

A Share is defined as a ‘a share or stock in the share capital of any Body Corporate or unincorporated body but excluding a Unit’, in GEN Rule A2.2.1(a). We consider a Token to be a Share if the holder has rights associated with ownership and/or control that are characteristic of a Share, such as:

a.

the ability to share in profits, revenue or other benefits generated by the Body Corporate or unincorporated body (legal entity), for example, a right to a declared dividend of the legal entity;

b.

a right to participate in the assets of the legal entity in its winding up; and

c.

a right of control, such as the right to vote on significant matters relating to the management and operation of the business of the legal entity, to appoint or remove directors or senior managers or determine their remuneration, or to agree to a merger, or reconstruction or arrangement to satisfy creditors of the legal entity.

15.

For a Token to be a Share we would generally expect the holder of that Token, as a person having a ‘share in the share capital’ of the legal entity, to have rights to participate in profits and benefits, assets in a winding up or voting rights, which are proportionate to the value of the share capital, represented by the tokens held or owned by the person. For example, if the legal entity has a share capital of $10 million, divided into Tokens of $100 each, each holder will have pro rata rights to distributions and voting rights, based on the number of tokens held.

16.

Whether a Token is a Share will also depend on the operation of company and corporate law. It may be that even if a Token is labelled or called a share by the Issuer, as a matter of law this might not be possible or accurate (e.g. if the company law governing the Issuer specifies requirements for a Share that have not been met). This may not, however, prevent the Token from constituting another type of specified Investment nonetheless (such as a Certificate or Unit in a Fund, if, in substance, the rights and obligations conferred by the Token are similar to those conferred by a Certificate or Unit in a Fund).

17.

While generally a right to participate in profits, assets or rights of control (voting on significant matters) go hand-in-hand, it is possible for rights to participate in profits and assets, without control, or vice versa to be conferred by a Share, and similarly, by an Investment Token that is considered a Share. An Investment Token that is considered a Share will also be a Security Token.

Example 1

18.

A Token holder, A, has a right to receive a share of profits or revenue of Company B (a legal entity), to be distributed annually. A can also vote on matters relating to the

202

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

governance and business direction of Company B. These