 or

(c)

without prejudice to (b), it is paid by way of security for the delivery up of property, whether in a particular state of repair or otherwise.

Exclusions

A1.1.2

A sum is not a Deposit if it is paid:

(a)

by a Person in the course of carrying on a business consisting wholly or to a significant extent of lending money;

(b)

by one company to another at a time when both are members of the same Group;

(c)

by an Authorised Firm authorised under its Licence to carry on the following Financial Services:

(i)

Accepting Deposits;

(ii)

Effecting Contracts of Insurance; or

(iii)

Carrying Out Contracts of Insurance; or

(d)

by a Person who is a close relative of the Person receiving it or who is a director, manager or Controller of that Person.

178

GEN/VER67/03-25

A1.1.3

GENERAL (GEN)

A sum is not a Deposit if it is received:

(a)

by a lawyer acting in his professional capacity;

(b)

by an accountant acting in his professional capacity;

(c)

by an Authorised Firm or an Authorised Market Institution authorised under its Licence to carry on any one or more of the following Financial Services:

(i)

Dealing in Investments as Principal;

(ii)

Dealing in Investments as Agent;

(iii)

Arranging Deals in Investments;

(iv) Managing Assets;

(v)

Operating a Collective Investment Fund;

(vi)

Effecting Contracts of Insurance;

(vii) Carrying Out Contracts of Insurance;

(viii) Operating an Exchange;

(ix)

Operating a Clearing House;

(x)

Insurance Intermediation;

(xi)

Insurance Management;

(xii) Managing a Profit Sharing Investment Account;

(xiii) Providing Trust Services;

(xiv) Arranging Credit and Advising on Credit; or

(xv) Operating a Crowdfunding Platform,

in the course of or for the purpose of any such Financial Service disregarding any applicable exclusions in chapter 2; or

(d)

by a Person as consideration for the issue by him of a Debenture.

179

GEN/VER67/03-25

APP2

A2.1

A2.1.1

GENERAL (GEN)

INVESTMENTS AND CRYPTO TOKENS

General definition of investments

Investments

(1)

An Investment is, subject to (3), either:

(a)

a Security; or

(b)

a Derivative,

as defined in Rule A2.1.2 or Rule A2.1.3.

(2)

Such a Security or Derivative includes:

(a)

a right or interest in the relevant Security or Derivative;

(b)

the Security or Derivative in the form of a cryptographically secured digital representation of rights and obligations that is issued, transferred and stored using DLT or other similar technology;

(c)

a cryptographically secured digital representation of rights and obligations that is issued, transferred and stored using DLT or other similar technology and:

(i)

confers rights and obligations that are substantially similar in nature to those conferred by a Security or Derivative; or

(ii)

has a substantially similar purpose or effect to a Security or Derivative; and

(d)

any instrument declared as a Security or Derivative pursuant to Rule A2.4.1(1).

(3)

In these Rules, an Investment Token means an instrument specified in (2)(b) or (c).

(4) Where a Rule provides that a Security or Derivative has a different classification for a specified purpose, it shall have that effect for that specified purpose and no other purpose.

Guidance

1.

A Token is defined in GLO as a cryptographically secured digital representation of value, rights or obligations, which may be transferred and stored electronically, using DLT or other similar technology.

issued,

2.

Rules A2.1.1(2)(b) and (c) specify when a Token will be an Investment. A Token that is an Investment may be either a Security or a Derivative and will be treated under the Rules as being the particular type or particular types of Security or Derivative to which it is substantially similar in nature. A Token that is an Investment is defined in these Rules as an Investment Token.

180

GEN/VER67/03-25

A2.1.2

A2.1.3

A2.2

A2