SA regulatory requirements

Financial Services cannot be carried on in the DIFC unless and until recognised by the DFSA (unless providing custody and in relation to certain types of Domestic Funds that invest in Crypto Tokens)

Prohibited from being used in the DIFC

Use not regulated in the DIFC except:



some issuers or service providers of NFTs and Utility Tokens must be registered as a DNFBP for AML purposes



an Authorised Person cannot carry on both Crypto Token Business and business relating to NFTs and Utility Tokens (unless providing custody)

Crypto Token

A2.5.1 (1)

A token is a Crypto Token if it:

(a)

is used, or is intended to be used, as a medium of exchange or for payment of investment purposes; or

(b)

confers a right or interest in another Token that meets the requirements in (a).

(2)

A Token is not a Crypto Token under (1) if it is:

(a)

an Excluded Token; or

(b)

an Investment Token or any other type of Investment.

187

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Guidance

1.

The definition of a Crypto Token refers not only to how a Token is used but also how it is intended to be used. The intended use of a Token will normally be evident from documents such as the white paper or other concept papers for the Token that have been prepared and published by the developers of the Crypto Token.

2.

The most common types of a Crypto Token are cryptocurrencies and stablecoins (i.e. Crypto Tokens that aim to maintain a stable price by determining their value by reference the value of a currency, commodity, gold or other asset.) Cryptocurrencies do not usually provide the holder with a bundle of rights as are commonly attached to Investments. More generally, cryptocurrencies serve as the virtual currency of their native blockchain, where transaction validation takes place through various forms of decentralised consensus mechanisms.

to

3.

It is not uncommon for certain cryptocurrencies to provide the holder with rights of early access or discounts on the native blockchain (for example, where the cryptocurrency is the virtual currency on the native crypto exchange). However, these limited rights do not change the nature of the cryptocurrency as these rights have limited impact on the nature and value of the Token.

4.

Stablecoins, as opposed to other cryptocurrencies, aim to maintain a stable price through a direct one-to-one peg against a fiat currency (usually, the US dollar) or by pegging their value to other assets, such as commodities or other cryptocurrencies. Stablecoins usually claim to have a reserve of assets to back their peg. These assets are purchased using the funds provided by purchasers of the stablecoins. Stablecoins are often used to enter and exit blockchain-based trading systems, where the use of fiat currency is limited, as well as to make payments and transfers between users.

5.

Derivatives such as futures contracts or options may also be issued relating to cryptocurrencies. Such a futures contract or an option will be a Derivative as defined in GEN Rule A2.1.3 and therefore an Investment under GEN Rule A2.1.1, rather than a Crypto Token as defined in this section. Similarly, if the arrangements relating to a Token constitute a Collective Investment Fund, then the Token will be a Unit and therefore a Security, rather than a Crypto Token.

Excluded Token

A2.5.2 A Token is an excluded Token if it is:

(a)

a Non-Fungible Token (NFT);

(b)

a Utility Token; or

(c)

a digital currency issued by any government, government agency, central bank or other monetary authority.

Non-Fungible Token (NFT)

A2.5.3 A Token is a Non-Fungible Token (NFT) if it:

(a)

is unique and not fungible with any other Token;

(b)

related to an identified asset; and

(c)

is used to prove the ownership or provenance of the asset.

188

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Guidance

1.

A Non-Fungible Token (NFT) is a Token that relates to an identified asset such as art, music, a collectable item, intellectual property relating to an object or some other specific asset. To fall within the definition in Rule A2.5.3 the Token must be unique and not fungible