 Persons or the financial system are not adversely affected.

168

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

12

BUSINESS TRANSFER SCHEMES

Guidance

1.

Part 9 of the Regulatory Law (“Part 9”) sets out provisions relating to financial services business transfer schemes (“transfer schemes”). Article 106 provides that no transfer scheme is to have effect unless a Court order has been made in relation to the scheme. Article 108 provides that the Court may make an order sanctioning a transfer scheme.

2.

The DFSA may under Article 113 of the Regulatory Law make Rules providing for provisions of Part 9 to have effect in specified cases with modifications. This chapter sets out such Rules.

3.

The intended effect of the Rules in this chapter when read with Part 9 is that:

(a)

a Banking transfer scheme and an Insurance transfer scheme (as defined in this chapter) must continue to comply with all relevant requirements in Part 9 and such a scheme does not take effect unless a Court order has been made in relation to it under Article 108; and

(b)

a transfer scheme, other than a scheme referred to in (a) or a scheme relating to a Domestic Fund, is not required to be sanctioned by a Court order under Article 108 if certain conditions set out in Rule 12.1.4 are met.

4.

The Rules in this chapter do not prevent an Authorised Firm or transferee applying for a Court order sanctioning a transfer scheme under Part 9 if they consider it appropriate to do so, for example, if the scheme is complex, is likely to be contentious or if additional legal certainty is sought.

12.1 Modifications applying to transfer schemes

12.1.1 The Rules in this chapter are prescribed under Article 113 of the Regulatory Law and Part 9 of that Law is to be read as if it was modified, in relation to the cases set out in Rule 12.1.4, as specified in this chapter.

12.1.2

In this chapter:

(a)

“Banking transfer scheme” means a transfer scheme where the whole or part of the business to be transferred relates to the Authorised Firm’s business of Accepting Deposits;

(b)

“Court order” means a Court order under Article 108 of the Law;

(c)

“Fund transfer scheme” means a transfer scheme relating to the Fund Property of a Domestic Fund or of a sub-fund of an Umbrella Fund that is a Domestic Fund;

(d)

“Insurance transfer scheme” means a transfer scheme where the whole or part of the business to be transferred relates to the Authorised Firm’s Insurance Business;

(e)

“the Law” means the Regulatory Law; and

(f)

“transfer scheme” has the meaning given in Article 106 of the Law.

12.1.3 The Rules in this chapter do not modify the provisions of Part 9 of the Law

so far as they apply to any of the following:

169

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

(a)

a Banking transfer scheme;

(b)

an Insurance transfer scheme; or

(c)

a Fund transfer scheme.

12.1.4 A transfer scheme, other than a scheme referred to in Rule 12.1.3, is not

required to be sanctioned by a Court order to be effective if:

(a)

all of the Clients of the Authorised Firm who will be affected by the transfer scheme have consented to it;

(b)

the transfer scheme is expressly permitted under agreements between the Authorised Firm or transferee and the Clients of the Authorised Firm who will be affected by the scheme and any procedures in the agreements for giving effect to the scheme have been complied with; or

(c)

the DFSA has consented in writing to the transfer scheme under Rule 12.1.5.

12.1.5

(1)

An Authorised Firm or transferee may apply in writing to the DFSA seeking its consent to a transfer scheme.

(2)

The DFSA may consent in writing to the transfer scheme if it is reasonably satisfied that:

(a)

the scheme is not a transfer scheme referred to in Rule 12.1.3;

(b)

it is more appropriate and proportionate, and in the overall interests of Clients affected by the scheme, for the Authorised Firm or transferee to seek the DFSA’s consent rather than applying to the