arrant?

203

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

25.

A Warrant is an instrument that confers, on the holder, a right to acquire an unissued Share, Debenture or Unit in a Fund.

26.

A Token that confers on the holder a right to acquire an unissued Share, Debenture or Unit will be an Investment Token that is considered a Warrant and therefore also a Security Token. This will be the case regardless of whether the unissued Share, Debenture or Warrant to be acquired by exercising those rights is a Security in its conventional form, or is itself a Security Token.

Example

27.

Company B issues a Token to investors, which gives the holder a right (but not an obligation) to acquire a new Share or Debenture to be issued by Company B at a future point in time. This confers on the holder a right to have the new Share or Debenture issued, and the obligation on Company B to issue that Share or Warrant, which are substantially similar in nature to those conferred by a Warrant. The Token is therefore a Security Token that is considered a Warrant.

When is an Investment Token a Certificate?

28.

A Certificate is an instrument which confers on the holder contractual or property rights over Shares, Debentures, Units or Warrants held by a Person, where the holder of the instrument can effect the transfer those rights without the consent of that Person. For example, the following is a typical example of a Certificate:

a.

B holds Shares, Debentures, Units or Warrants;

b.

B issues an ‘instrument’ to A, giving A rights in respect of the Shares, Debentures, Units or Warrants held by B (such as dividends or distributions); and

c.

A does not need the consent of B to transfer the instrument, and with it the rights to the Shares, Debentures, Units or Warrants held by B).

Example

29.

B issues a Token to A, conferring rights to Shares, Debentures, Units or Warrants held by B. A can sell that Token and so transfer the rights to those Shares, Debentures, Units or Warrants, without needing the consent of B. As the Token confers rights on A and obligations on B that are substantially similar in nature to those conferred by a Certificate, it is an Investment Token that is considered a Certificate and therefore also a Security Token.

When is an Investment Token a Unit in a Fund?

30.

A Unit is a unit in or share representing the rights or interests of a Unitholder in a Fund. Under the Collective Investment Law, a Fund is an arrangement, where:

a.

the purpose or effect of the arrangement is to enable the persons taking part in that arrangement (‘participants’) to receive income or profit arising from the property of the arrangement;

b.

participants do not have the day-to-day control over the management of the property; and

c.

either the property of the arrangement is managed as a whole, or the investors’ contributions and the profits or income thereof are pooled, or both.

204

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

31.

Some arrangements, even though they meet the above criteria, are excluded from the definition of a Fund; see CIR chapter 2.

32.

If a Token confers the rights to participate in an arrangement that is a Fund, and the rights conferred by the Token are the same as, or substantially similar in nature to, those conferred by a Unit in a Fund, it is an Investment Token that is a Security Token. Such a Security Token will be considered a Unit. Example

33.

An arrangement is in place under which people contribute their money on the invitation of Firm B (the Fund Manager in this example), in exchange for Tokens. These people make their contributions in the expectation that Firm B will pool those contributions to buy fine art, manage a business of hiring the fine art for corporate events to generate income, and also sell some art to make capital gains. The further expectation is that Firm B will distribute such income and capital gains to the contributors, pro rata to the amounts they contributed. This arrangement is a Fund. If the Tokens issued by Firm B to participants confer on them the rights to participate as expected in the profits and income of the arrangement, such a Token confers on the