is unique and not fungible with any other Token;

(b)

related to an identified asset; and

(c)

is used to prove the ownership or provenance of the asset.

188

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Guidance

1.

A Non-Fungible Token (NFT) is a Token that relates to an identified asset such as art, music, a collectable item, intellectual property relating to an object or some other specific asset. To fall within the definition in Rule A2.5.3 the Token must be unique and not fungible with another Token. Therefore, if a particular type of Token is issued to multiple persons or relates to several different assets, it is unlikely to qualify as a NFT under Rule A2.5.3 and therefore will not be an Excluded Token under Rule 2.5.2. If it is not a NFT, as defined, it is likely to fall within the definition of a Crypto Token or may, depending on the arrangements, constitute a Collective Investment Fund (in which case the Token will be a Unit of that Fund).

2.

The DFSA will take a substance over form approach in considering whether a Token that calls itself a NFT is in fact a NFT under the above definition. If it is not a NFT, as defined, and is a Crypto Token, a person should not carry out a Financial Service relating to that Token unless they are licensed to do so, and it is a Recognised Crypto Token.

Example 1

An individual artist has created a Token that represents a one-of-a-kind piece of art. This Token is to be sold by auction. The owner will then be able to sell the Token to a new owner, should they wish to do so. This Token would be a NFT.

Example 2

Company A invests in art using the funds it receives and pools from investors. It then issues Tokens to those investors in proportion to their contributions. The Tokens also entitle the holders to receive a share of the fees generated by art rental, and the profits if the art sells. They have no control over the decisions taken by Company A in respect of the art. These Tokens are likely to constitute Units in a Collective Investment Fund.

Example 3

A NFT is created which tracks the price of a certain commodity, precious stone or gold or a security. In this case, it is likely to be an Investment or Investment Token such as a Unit of a Fund or a Derivative.

Utility Token

A2.5.4 A Token is a Utility Token if:

(a)

it can be used by the holder only to pay for, received a discount on, or access a product or service (whether current or proposed); and

(b)

the product or service referred to in (a) is provided by the issuer of the Token or of another entity in the issuer’s Group.

Guidance

A Token will be a Utility Token only if it can be used by the holder to pay for, receive a discount on, or access a product or service (whether current or proposed), and the product or service is provided by the issuer of the Token or of another entity in the issuer’s group. However, if at any time during the lifecycle of a Token, it can be used for other purposes, for example, as a medium of exchange or for payment or investment purposes, its hybrid nature is likely to result in it falling outside the scope of the above definition. If this is the case, it is likely to be a Crypto Token, and a person should not carry out a Financial Service relating to that Token unless they are licensed to do so, and it is a Recognised Crypto Token.

189

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Alternatively, if the Token has characteristics substantially similar to an Investment, it may be classified as an Investment Token. For further information about when a Token is an Investment Token, and the applicable requirements, see APP6.

Example 1

Company A issues a Token that grants the holder early access to a range of jewellery to be released by the Company. It does not confer any other rights. This Token would be a Utility Token.

Example 2

Company B operates an online card game. It issues Tokens that allow holders to play card games on its website. It does not confer any other rights. This Token would be a Utility Token.

Example