 bonus) component, it may become difficult for the firm to reduce or eliminate bonuses even in a poor performing financial year;

b.

there are clear and objective criteria for allocating performance based remuneration (see below in Guidance note (7);

c.

there are appropriate adjustments for the material ‘current’ and ‘future’ risks associated with the performance of the relevant Employee, as the time horizon in which risks could manifest themselves may vary. For example, where practicable, the measurement of performance should be set in a multi- year framework. If this is not practicable, there should be deferral of vesting of the benefits or retention or claw-back arrangements applicable to such components as appropriate;

194

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

d.

there are appropriate prudential limits, consistent with the Authorised Person’s capital management strategy and its ability to maintain a sound capital base taking account of the internal capital targets or regulatory capital requirements;

e.

in the case of Employees involved in the distribution of financial products whose remuneration is commission based, there are adequate controls and monitoring to mitigate marketing which is solely commission driven; and

f.

the use of guaranteed bonuses is generally avoided as such payments are not consistent with sound risk management and performance based rewards. However, there may be circumstances where such guaranteed bonuses may be paid to attract new Employees (for example to compensate bonuses forfeited from the previous employer).

Performance assessment

8.

The performance criteria applicable, particularly relating to the variable components of remuneration, as well as the performance assessment against such criteria, contribute to the effectiveness of the use of performance based remuneration. Therefore, the Governing Body should ensure that such criteria:

a.

are clearly defined and objectively measurable;

b.

include not only financial but also non-financial elements as appropriate (such as compliance with regulation and internal rules, achievement of risk management goals as well as compliance with market conduct standards and fair treatment of customers);

c.

take account of not only the individual’s performance, but also the performance of the business unit concerned and the overall results of the firm and if applicable the Group; and

d.

do not treat growth or volume as an element in isolation from other performance measurements included in the criteria.

Severance payments

9.

Where an Authorised Person provides discretionary payouts on termination of employment (“severance payments”, also called “golden parachutes”), such payment should generally be subject to appropriate limits or shareholder approval. In any case, such payouts should be aligned with the firm’s overall financial condition and performance over an appropriate time horizon and should not be payable in the case of failure or threatened failure of the firm, particularly to an individual whose actions may have contributed to the failure or potential failure of the firm.

195

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

APP4 CONTRACTS OF INSURANCE

A4.1

Definition of a contract of insurance

A4.1.1

A Contract of Insurance means any contract of insurance or contract of reinsurance.

A4.1.2

The classes of life insurance are as follows:

Class I – Life and annuity

(a)

Contracts of insurance on human life or contracts to pay annuities on human life, but excluding, in each case, contracts within (c).

Class II – Marriage and birth

(b)

Contracts of insurance to provide a sum on marriage or on the birth of a child, being contracts expressed to be in effect for a period of more than one year.

Class III – Linked long term

(c)

Contracts of insurance on human life or contracts to pay annuities on human life where the benefits are wholly or partly to be determined by reference to the value of, or the income from, property of any description (whether or not specified in the contracts) or by reference to fluctuations in, or in an index of, the value of property of any description (whether or not so specified).

Class IV – Permanent health

(d)

Contracts of insurance providing specified benefits against risks of individuals becoming incapacitated in consequence of sustaining injury as a result of an accident or of an accident of a specified class or of sickness or infirmity, being contracts that:

(i)

are expressed to be in effect for a period of not less than five years, or until the normal retirement age for the individuals concerned, or without limit of time; and

(ii)

either are not expressed to be termin