. Senior management should ensure the effective implementation of such strategies in carrying out the day-to-day management of the Authorised Person’s business.

2.

The Governing Body, with the support of the senior management, should take a lead in setting the “tone at the top”, including by setting the fundamental corporate values that should be pursued by the Authorised Person. These should, to the extent possible, be supported by professional standards and codes of ethics that set out acceptable and unacceptable conduct. Such professional standards and codes of ethics should be clearly communicated to those individuals involved in the conduct of business of the firm.

3.

The Governing Body should review the overall business objectives and strategies at appropriate intervals (at least annually) to ensure that they remain suitable in light of any changes in the internal or external business and operating conditions.

4.

The Governing Body should also ensure that the senior management is effectively discharging the day-to-day management of the Authorised Person’s business in accordance with the business objectives and strategies that have been set or approved by the Governing Body. For this purpose, the Governing Body should ensure that there are clear and objective performance goals and measures (and an objective assessment against such criteria at reasonable intervals), for the Authorised Person and the members of its Governing Body and the senior management to ascertain whether the firm’s business objectives and risk strategies are implemented effectively and as intended.

Internal governance of the Governing Body

5.

The Governing Body should have appropriate practices and procedures for its own internal governance, and ensure that these are followed, and periodically reviewed to ensure their effectiveness and adequacy. These policies and procedures should cover a formal and transparent process for nomination, selection, and removal of the members of the Governing Body (see paragraph 2.2.14 of the RPP Sourcebook), and a specified term of office as appropriate to the roles and responsibilities of the member, particularly to ensure the objectivity of his decision making and judgement. Appropriate succession planning should also form part of the Governing Body’s internal governance practices.

6.

The Governing Body should meet sufficiently regularly to discharge its duties effectively. There should be a formal schedule of matters specifically reserved for its decision. The working procedures of the Governing Body should be well defined.

7.

The Governing Body should also ensure that when assessing the performance of the members of the Governing Body and its senior managers and Persons Undertaking Key Control Functions, the independence and objectivity of that process is achieved

191

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

through appropriate mechanisms, such as the assignment of the performance assessment to an independent member of the Governing Body or a committee of the Governing Body comprising a majority of independent members. See paragraph 2.2.15(b)(iii) of the RPP Sourcebook for the independence criteria for Authorised Firms and paragraphs 2.2.16 and 2.2.18 of the RPP Sourcebook for the independence criteria for Authorised Market Institutions.

Committees of the Governing Body

8.

To support the effective discharge of its responsibilities, the Governing Body should establish its committees as appropriate. The committees that a Governing Body may commonly establish, depending on the nature, scale and complexity of its business and operations, include the audit, remuneration, ethics/compliance, nominations and risk management committees. Where committees are appointed, they should have clearly defined mandates, authority to carry out their respective functions, and the degree of independence and objectivity as appropriate to the role of the committee. If the functions of any committees are combined, the Governing Body should ensure such a combination does not compromise the integrity or effectiveness of the functions so combined. In all cases, the Governing Body remains ultimately responsible for the matters delegated to any such committees.

Independence and objectivity

9.

The Governing Body should establish clear and objective independence criteria which should be met by a sufficient number of members of the Governing Body to promote objectivity and independence in decision making by the Governing Body. See paragraph 2.2.15(b)(iii) of the RPP Sourcebook for independence criteria).

Powers of the Governing Body

10.

To be able to discharge its role and responsibilities properly, the Governing Body should have adequate and well-defined powers, which are clearly set out either in the legislation or as part of the constituent documents of the Authorised Person (such as