ated;

(f)

how the business will ensure that customers understand that the product or service is being tested and the resulting risks;

(g)

the safeguards that will be put in place to adequately protect customers in the event of a problem arising from use of the technology or the business failing;

(h)

how communications with customers will be handled before, during and after testing, including how the business will deal with queries, feedback and complaints;

(i)

how the success of the testing will be measured;

(j)

how testing progress will be reported to the DFSA;

(k)

the next steps if the testing is successful; and

(l)

a clear exit plan if the testing is not successful, including how the business will fulfil its obligations to its testing customers.

173

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Non-responsive applications

14.

Where, after submitting an application, a business does not:

(a)

intend to proceed with its application; or

(b)

work with the DFSA in a way that allows the DFSA to assess the application, for example, because the application remains incomplete or fails to meet the minimum standards,

the DFSA expects that business to withdraw its application.

Applying a simplified regulatory framework

15.

The DFSA will work with the applicant to understand its business proposal and to establish, on a case-by-case basis, whether any Rules should not apply to that business or apply to it with modifications during the testing phase.

16.

While the DFSA will consider giving relief from various parts of the Rulebook, it is not likely to waive or modify certain key requirements, for example, Rules relating to:

(c)

fitness and propriety (see Rule 7.2.5);

(d)

acting with integrity and with due skill, care and diligence (see Rules 4.2.1 and 4.2.2);

(e)

having due regard to customers’ interests and communicating information in a way that is fair, clear and not misleading (see Rule 4.2.6);

(f)

being open and co-operative with the DFSA (e.g. Rule 4.2.10 and section 11.1);

(g)

Financial Promotions (see chapter 3); and

(h)

holding and controlling Client Assets (COB sections 6.11 to 6.13).

17.

The DFSA will also not waive or modify requirements based on Federal Law requirements, for example, Rules relating to:

(a)

not accepting Deposits from the State’s markets or carrying on currency exchange involving the Dirham (see COB Rules 4.2.1 and 4.3.1);

(b)

having an office in the DIFC (see Rule 6.5.1); and

(c)

AML requirements.

Restrictions and conditions

18.

If the DFSA grants a Licence to the business, it is likely to impose appropriate restrictions including, for example, restricting:

(a)

the business that may be carried on under the Licence to testing the specific innovative product or service;

(b)

the number and type of customers that may take part in the testing; and

(c)

the period during which it may carry on testing.

19.

The DFSA is also likely to impose conditions on the Licence, for example, requiring the business:

(a)

to comply with its Test Plan;

174

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

(b)

not to change or modify its business model or Test Plan without the DFSA’s consent;

(c)

to disclose in any communications that it is only authorised by the DFSA to test its product or service for a limited period of time; and

(d)

within a reasonable period after the test period ends, either to demonstrate it can comply fully with all regulatory requirements or to cease carrying on its activities.

Completion of testing

20.

As the purpose of the DFSA’s approach is to allow a business to test and develop its innovative technology, and not to carry on a fully operational business, the DFSA would expect the business to use the simplified regulatory framework only for a limited period. It is, therefore, likely to grant waivers and modifications only for a finite period, normally twelve to twenty-four months. In exceptional cases, it may consider extending that period.

21.

When the testing period ends, the business would be expected either:

(a)

if the testing is successful, to carry on its business on a broader scale,