 to participate in profits and assets, without control, or vice versa to be conferred by a Share, and similarly, by an Investment Token that is considered a Share. An Investment Token that is considered a Share will also be a Security Token.

Example 1

18.

A Token holder, A, has a right to receive a share of profits or revenue of Company B (a legal entity), to be distributed annually. A can also vote on matters relating to the

202

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

governance and business direction of Company B. These rights are proportionate to the share of the capital represented by the Token held by A. A can also transfer the Token to another person, who will have the same rights as A by being the holder of that Token. This is a Security Token that confers rights and obligations that are substantially similar in nature to those conferred by a Share and will be considered to be a Share.

Example 2

19.

A holds a Token in Company B which gives A the right to vote on matters relating to the governance and business of Company B, but no right to participate in the profits, or assets in a winding up, of Company B. This is a Security Token that confers rights and obligations substantially similar in nature to those characteristic of a director’s Share, and will be considered to be such a Share.

Example 3

20.

Company B issues a Token that is described in its white paper as being a Token other than an Investment Token (e.g. a ‘pure utility Token’). The Token allows the holder to (i) access a product or service Company B is still developing, and (ii) gives a right to share in the profits of the company, proportionate to the number of Tokens held, once the product is launched. Such a Token confers rights and obligations substantially similar in nature to those conferred by a Share in the capital of Company B and is a Security Token that is considered to be a Share.

When is an Investment Token a Debenture?

21.

A Debenture is an instrument creating or acknowledging indebtedness, whether accrued or not, but does not include certain instruments specified in Rule A2.2.1(b) (such as a cheque or a letter of credit).

22.

A Token that creates or acknowledges indebtedness by representing money owed to the Token holder, but does not fall within the exclusions mentioned above, is considered a Debenture and constitutes both an Investment Token and a Security Token.

Example 1

23.

Company B issues a Token to A, creating or acknowledging that Company B owes money to A (other than to defray any costs of goods or services bought by Company B from A). This instrument confers on A the right to the return of the money owed by Company B, together with any interest (and the corresponding obligation on Company B to pay to A the money owed, together with any interest). This is a Security Token and is considered a Debenture as it confers rights substantially similar in nature to those conferred by a Debenture.

Example 2

24.

Company B issues a Token to A, acknowledging that Company B owes money to A. In addition to conferring a right to receive interest payments, the Token gives A the right, following a triggering event at a future point in time, to participate in the profits and assets of Company B, and to exercise control of the company through voting rights. This is a Token that gives A substantially similar rights to those conferred by convertible debt, with corresponding obligations imposed on Company B. This is a Security Token that is considered a Debenture, until such time it is converted to a Share in the capital of Company B, at which point it becomes a Security Token that is considered a Share.

When is an Investment Token a Warrant?

203

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

25.

A Warrant is an instrument that confers, on the holder, a right to acquire an unissued Share, Debenture or Unit in a Fund.

26.

A Token that confers on the holder a right to acquire an unissued Share, Debenture or Unit will be an Investment Token that is considered a Warrant and therefore also a Security Token. This will be the case regardless of whether the unissued Share, Debenture or Warrant to be acquired by exercising those rights is