,

2.

Rules A2.1.1(2)(b) and (c) specify when a Token will be an Investment. A Token that is an Investment may be either a Security or a Derivative and will be treated under the Rules as being the particular type or particular types of Security or Derivative to which it is substantially similar in nature. A Token that is an Investment is defined in these Rules as an Investment Token.

180

GEN/VER67/03-25

A2.1.2

A2.1.3

A2.2

A2.2.1

GENERAL (GEN)

3.

An Investment Token that is the same as, or substantially similar in nature, purpose or effect to, a Share, Debenture, Warrant, Certificate, Unit or Structured Product is defined in GLO as a “Security Token”. An Investment Token that is the same as, or substantially similar in nature, purpose or effect to, an Option or a Future is defined in GLO as a “Derivative Token”.

4.

GEN App 6 sets out further Guidance relating to whether a particular Token is an Investment Token.

5.

An example of the application of Rule A2.1.1(34) is Rule A2.1.2(2), where a Derivative is treated as a Security for the purposes of the requirements in PIB.

Security

(1)

For the purposes of Rule A2.1.1(1)(a), a Security is:

(a)

a Share;

(b)

a Debenture;

(c)

a Warrant;

(d)

a Certificate;

(e)

a Unit; or

(f)

a Structured Product.

(2)

For the purposes of the requirements in PIB, each Derivative specified in Rule A2.1.3 is to be treated as a Security.

Derivative

For the purposes of Rule A2.1.1(1)(b), a Derivative is:

(a)

an Option; or

(b)

a Future.

Definitions of specific securities

For the purposes of Rule A2.1.2:

Shares

(a)

a Share is a share or stock in the share capital of any Body Corporate or any unincorporated body but excluding a Unit;

Debentures

(b)

a Debenture indebtedness, whether secured or not, but excludes:

is an

instrument creating or acknowledging

181

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

(i)

an instrument creating or acknowledging indebtedness for, or for money borrowed to defray, the consideration payable under a contract for the supply of goods or services;

(ii)

a cheque or other bill of exchange, a banker’s draft or a letter of credit (but not a bill of exchange accepted by a banker);

(iii)

a banknote, a statement showing a balance on a bank account, or a lease or other disposition of property; and

(iv)

a Contract of Insurance;

(v)

a Crowdfunding Loan Agreement;

Guidance

1.

A Debenture may include a bond, debenture stock, loan stock or note. Certain Islamic products (“Sukuk”) structured as a debt instrument can also fall within this definition.

2.

If the interest or financial return component on a debt instrument is to be calculated by reference to fluctuations of an external factor such as an index, exchange rate or interest rate, that does not prevent such an instrument being characterised as a Debenture.

Warrants

(c)

a Warrant is an instrument that confers on the holder a right entitling the holder to acquire an unissued Share, Debenture or Unit;

Guidance

A Warrant confers on the holder an entitlement (but not an obligation) to acquire an unissued Share, Debenture or Unit, thereby distinguishing it from a call Option which entitles the holder, upon exercise, to acquire an already issued (i.e. existing) Security.

Certificates

(d)

a Certificate is an instrument:

(i)

which confers on the holder contractual or property rights to or in respect of a Share, Debenture, Unit or Warrant held by a Person; and

(ii)

the transfer of which may be effected by the holder without the consent of that other Person;

but excludes rights under an Option;

Guidance

Certificates confer rights over existing Shares, Debentures, Units or Warrants