.

As the purpose of the DFSA’s approach is to allow a business to test and develop its innovative technology, and not to carry on a fully operational business, the DFSA would expect the business to use the simplified regulatory framework only for a limited period. It is, therefore, likely to grant waivers and modifications only for a finite period, normally twelve to twenty-four months. In exceptional cases, it may consider extending that period.

21.

When the testing period ends, the business would be expected either:

(a)

if the testing is successful, to carry on its business on a broader scale, in which case it will need to demonstrate to the DFSA’s satisfaction that it is able to comply fully with relevant legal and regulatory requirements before the DFSA will remove the various restrictions and conditions; or

(b)

to cease carrying on activities in the DIFC, in which case it should implement its exit plan and ensure that all obligations to customers are fulfilled.

22.

The DFSA will not permit a business that has completed testing to continue to hold a restricted Licence (i.e. that only permits it to carry on testing). At this point the business should either apply to remove the restrictions or to apply to have the Licence withdrawn. Nonetheless, until the application to remove the restrictions has been determined or the Licence has been withdrawn, the business is required to continue to operate under the terms of its restricted Licence.

23.

In appropriate cases, if testing is successful, the DFSA may consider granting further waivers or modifications to the business if the innovative nature of its business model, once fully operational, means that certain Rules are either not appropriate or disproportionate.

Withdrawal of Licence

24.

Without limiting any other grounds on which it may act, the DFSA may take action to withdraw a restricted Licence at any time if the business:

(a)

is no longer fit and proper to hold a Licence;

(b)

has breached any restrictions or conditions imposed on the Licence;

(c)

has breached the Law or any Rules;

(d)

is not carrying on testing under the Licence as set out in its Test Plan; or

(e)

has completed its testing but has not promptly taken steps either to apply to remove the restrictions or to withdraw its Licence.

Fees

25.

The fees that are payable are set out in FER. The precise fee calculation will depend on the nature of the activities being carried on.

175

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

Existing Authorised Persons that wish to test innovative technology

26.

If an existing Authorised Person wishes to test innovative technology, it will not need to apply for a Licence. Instead, if it has authorisation for the activity it wishes to carry on, it may carry on the activity. Alternatively, if it does not have the relevant authorisation for the activity, it will need to apply to amend its Licence to obtain that authorisation.

27.

If the Authorised Person considers that there are Rules that are not appropriate or are disproportionate to the testing of its technology, it can apply to the DFSA for a waiver or modification of the Rules. Again, if the DFSA grants waivers or modifications, it will do so only for a finite period (the period during which testing is to take place).

28.

An Authorised Person that wishes to test an innovative technology should discuss its proposal with the DFSA at an early stage.

Partnerships with existing Authorised Persons

29.

In some cases, a Person wishing to test innovative technology may seek to do so in partnership with an Authorised Person. If that is the case, and the activity is to be carried out under the Licence of the Authorised Person, paragraphs 26 to 28 will be relevant. Alternatively, if the business wishes to carry on the business in its own right, it will need to apply for a Licence.

176

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

14

FIXED PENALTY NOTICES

14.1.1 The following Rules are subject to a Fixed Penalty Notice:

(a)

AMI Rules 8.2.9(1), 9.6.1, 9.6.3 and 9.6.4;

(b)

AML Rule 14.5.1;

(c)

AUD Rule 4.8.1;

(d)

CIR Rules 9.4.2(1), 9.6.2 and 15.1.10