 The Governing Body should play an active role in developing the remuneration strategy and policies of the Authorised Person. A remuneration committee of the Governing Body could play an important role in the development of the firm’s remuneration structure and strategy.

2.

For this purpose, particularly where remuneration structure and strategies contain performance based remuneration (see also Guidance no 7 and 8 below), consideration should be given to various elements of the remuneration structure such as:

a.

the ratio and balance between the fixed and variable components of remuneration and any other benefits;

b.

the nature of the duties and functions performed by the relevant Employees and their seniority within the firm;

c.

the assessment criteria against which performance based components of remuneration are to be awarded; and

d.

the integrity and objectivity of the process of performance assessment against the set criteria.

193

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

3.

Generally, not only the senior management but also the Persons Undertaking Key Control Functions should be involved in the remuneration policy-setting and monitoring process to ensure the integrity and objectivity of the process.

Who should be covered by remuneration policy

4.

An Authorised Person’s remuneration policy should, at a minimum, cover those specified in Rule 5.3.31(1)(c). Accordingly, the members of the Governing Body, the senior management, the Persons Undertaking Key Control Functions and any major risk taking Employees should be included in the firm’s remuneration policy. With the exception of the ‘senior management’, all the other three categories attract their own definitions. Although the expression “senior management” carries its natural meaning, Rule 5.3.30(3) describes the senior management’s role as the “day- to-day management of the firm’s business…” Guidance No. 3 under Rule 5.3.3 gives further clarification as to who may perform senior management functions.

Remuneration of Persons Undertaking Key Control Functions

5.

Any performance based component of remuneration of Persons Undertaking Key Control Functions as well as other Employees undertaking activities under the direction and supervision of those Persons should not be linked to the performance of any business units which are subject to their control or oversight. For example, where risk and compliance functions are embedded in a business unit, a clear distinction should be drawn between the remuneration structure applicable to those Persons Undertaking Key Control Functions and the Employees undertaking activities under their direction and supervision on the one hand and the other Employees in the business unit on the other hand This may be achieved by separating the pools from which remuneration is paid to the two groups of Employees, particularly where such remuneration comprises performance based variable remuneration.

Use of variable remuneration

6.

Where an Authorised Person includes in its remuneration structure performance based variable components (such as bonuses, equity participation rights such as share based awards or other benefits), especially if they form a significant portion of the overall remuneration structure, or remuneration of any particular Employees or class of Employees, the Governing Body should ensure that there are appropriate checks and balances relating to their award. This is because, while such performance based remuneration is an effective tool in aligning the interests of the Employees with the interests of the firm, if used without necessary checks and balances, it could lead to inappropriate risk taking by Employees.

7.

Therefore, the Governing Body should, when using any performance based variable component in the Authorised Person’s remuneration structure, ensure that:

a.

the overall remuneration structure contains an appropriate mix of fixed and variable components. For example, if the fixed component of remuneration of an Employee is very small relative to the variable (eg. bonus) component, it may become difficult for the firm to reduce or eliminate bonuses even in a poor performing financial year;

b.

there are clear and objective criteria for allocating performance based remuneration (see below in Guidance note (7);

c.

there are appropriate adjustments for the material ‘current’ and ‘future’ risks associated with the performance of the relevant Employee, as the time horizon in which risks could manifest themselves may vary. For example, where practicable, the measurement of performance should be set in a multi- year framework. If this is not practicable, there should be deferral