 for a Security Token to be admitted to the Official List of Securities.

2.

A Person proposing to carry out such activities relating to a Token, is responsible for analysing and determining whether a Token is an Investment Token and, if so, which type or types of Investment it constitutes. The Guidance in this Appendix is intended to assist a Person conducting such an analysis by indicating how the DFSA will approach that question.

3.

A Person who wishes to obtain an approval or authorisation from the DFSA to conduct activities which relate to Investment Tokens, will need to include in its application sufficient information to demonstrate how those Investment Tokens meet the definition of one or more specific Investments, taking into account the Guidance in this Appendix.

What is a Token?

4.

A Token is defined in GLO as a cryptographically secured digital representation of value, rights or obligations, which may be transferred and stored electronically, using DLT or other similar technology.

issued,

What is an Investment Token?

5.

An Investment Token is a Token which falls within the definition of one or more types of Investment. An Investment is defined in Rule A2.1.1(1) as a Security or a Derivative. Such a Security or Derivative includes a Token which falls within paragraph (b) or (c) of Rule A2.1.1(2).

6.

A Token will be an Investment Token under Rule A2.1.1(2)(b) where it falls within the definition of a specific type of Security in Rule A2.2.1, or the definition of a

200

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

specific type of Derivative in Rule A2.3.1, or falls within more than one of those definitions.

7.

A Token will also be an Investment Token under Rule A2.1.1(2)(c) if it does not fall within the definition of a specific Security or Derivative, but confers rights and obligations that are substantially similar in nature to those conferred by one or more specific Securities or Derivatives, or has a substantially similar purpose or effect to one or more specific Securities or Derivatives.

8.

An Investment Token will therefore, depending on the nature of the rights and obligations it confers, fall into one or more existing categories of Security or Derivative. The differentiating feature between a conventional Security or Derivative, on the one hand, and an Investment Token on the other, is that the latter confers rights on holders that are issued, stored and transferred using cryptography and DLT.

9.

An Investment Token which confers rights and obligations that are substantially similar in nature to those conferred by one or more Securities, or has a substantially similar purpose or effect to one or more Securities, is defined as a Security Token. An Investment Token which confers rights and obligations that are substantially similar in nature to those conferred by one or more Derivatives, or has a substantially similar purpose or effect to one or more Derivatives, is defined as a Derivative Token.

10.

An Investment Token may confer rights and obligations that go beyond those conferred by one specific Security or Derivative and doing so will not prevent it from falling within the definition of an Investment Token, or from falling within the relevant category of Security or Derivative. Where an Investment Token confers rights and obligations that are substantially similar in nature to those conferred by more than one specific Security or Derivative, it may fall within more than one existing category of Security or Derivative (sometimes referred to as hybrid Investment Tokens) and be subject to the requirements under these Rules applicable to each of those categories.

When does a Token confer rights and obligations that are substantially similar in nature to those conferred by a specific Investment?

11.

For a Token to confer rights and obligations that are substantially similar in nature to those conferred by a specific Security or Derivative, it should confer rights and obligations that give it most of the main characteristics of the relevant type of Security or Derivative. That is, it is not enough to confer part only of the rights and obligations that are characteristic of the relevant Security or Derivative, or to confer hybrid rights or interests that are not typical of either one type of Security or Derivative or another. As noted in paragraph 10 above, it is possible for an Investment Token to confer additional rights and obligations that go beyond those conferred by one specific Security or Derivative.

12.

The DF