The Governing Body should establish clear and objective independence criteria which should be met by a sufficient number of members of the Governing Body to promote objectivity and independence in decision making by the Governing Body. See paragraph 2.2.15(b)(iii) of the RPP Sourcebook for independence criteria).

Powers of the Governing Body

10.

To be able to discharge its role and responsibilities properly, the Governing Body should have adequate and well-defined powers, which are clearly set out either in the legislation or as part of the constituent documents of the Authorised Person (such as the constitution, articles of incorporation and organisational rules). These should, at a minimum, include the power to obtain timely and comprehensive information relating to the management of the firm, including direct access to relevant persons within the organisation for obtaining information such as its senior management and Persons Undertaking Key Control Functions (such as the head of compliance, risk management or internal audit).

Role of user committees

11.

An Authorised Market Institution should consider all relevant stakeholders’ interests, including those of its Members and other participants, and issuers, in making major decisions, such as those relating to its system’s design, overall business strategy and rules and procedures. An Authorised Market Institution which has cross-border operations should ensure that full range of views across jurisdictions in which it operates is appropriately considered in its decision-making process.

12.

In some instances, an Authorised Market Institution may be required under the applicable Rules to undertake public consultation in relation to certain matters, such as any proposed amendments to its Business Rules under AMI Rule 5.6.5.

13.

Effective mechanisms for obtaining stakeholder input to the Authorised Market Institution’s decision-making process, including where such input is mandatory, include the establishment of, and consultation with, user committees. As opinions among interested parties are likely to differ, an Authorised Market Institution should have clear processes for identifying and appropriately managing the diversity of stakeholder views and any conflicts of interest between stakeholders and the Authorised Market Institution.

192

GEN/VER67/03-25

A3.2

GENERAL (GEN)

14.

Where an Authorised Market Institution establishes user committees to obtain stakeholder input to its decision making, to enable such committees to be effective, an Authorised Market Institution should structure such committees to:

a.

have adequate representation of the Authorised Market Institution’s Members and other participants, and stakeholders including issuers. The other stakeholders of an Authorised Market Institution may include clients of its Members or participants, custodians and other service providers;

b.

have direct access to the members of the Authorised Market Institution’s Governing Body and members of the senior management as appropriate;

c.

not be subject to any direct or indirect influence by the senior management of the Authorised Market Institution in carrying out their functions; and

d.

have clear terms of reference (mandates) which include matters on which the advice of user committees will be sought. For example, the criteria for selecting Members, setting service levels and pricing structures and for assessing the impact on Members and other stakeholders of any proposed material changes Institution’s existing the Authorised Market arrangements (section 4.3 of AMI) and any amendments to its Business Rules (AMI Rule 5.6.4); and

to

e.

have adequate internal governance arrangements (such as the regularity of committee meetings and the quorum and other operational procedures).

Best practice relating to remuneration

Guidance

Development and monitoring of the remuneration structure

1.

To ensure that the remuneration structure and strategies of the Authorised Person are appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of the Authorised Person’s business, the Governing Body should take account of the risks to which the firm could be exposed as a result of the conduct or behaviour of its Employees. The Governing Body should play an active role in developing the remuneration strategy and policies of the Authorised Person. A remuneration committee of the Governing Body could play an important role in the development of the firm’s remuneration structure and strategy.

2.

For this purpose, particularly where remuneration structure and strategies contain performance based remuneration (see also Guidance no 7 and 8 below), consideration should be given to various elements of the remuneration structure such as:

a.

the ratio and balance between the fixed and variable components of remuneration and any other