, subject only to (2), object to a Person as a Controller of an Authorised Firm where such a Person:

(a)

has acquired or increased the level of control that Person has in an Authorised Firm without the prior written approval of the DFSA as required under Rule 11.8.4;

(b)

has breached the requirement in Rule 11.8.8 to comply with the conditions of approval applicable to that Person; or

(c)

is no longer acceptable to the DFSA as a Controller.

154

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

(2) Where the DFSA proposes to object to a Person as a Controller of an Authorised Firm under (1), the DFSA must provide such a Person with:

(a)

a written notice stating:

(i)

the DFSA’s reasons for objecting to that Person as a Controller; and

(ii)

any proposed conditions subject to which that Person may be approved by the DFSA; and

(b)

an opportunity to make representations within 14 days of the receipt of such objections notice or such other longer period as agreed to by the DFSA.

(3)

The DFSA must, as soon as practicable after receiving representations, or if no representations are made, after the expiry of the period for making representations referred to in (2)(b), issue a final notice stating that:

(a)

the proposed objections and any conditions are withdrawn and the Person is an approved Controller;

(b)

the Person is approved as a Controller subject to conditions specified in the notice; or

(c)

the Person is an unacceptable Controller and accordingly, must dispose of that Person’s holdings.

(4) Where the DFSA has issued a final notice imposing any conditions subject to which a Person is approved as a Controller, that Person must comply with those conditions.

(5) Where the DFSA has issued a final notice declaring a Person to be an unacceptable Controller, that Person must dispose of the relevant holdings within such period as specified in the final notice.

(6)

The DFSA must also notify the Authorised Firm of any decision it has made pursuant to (3).

(7)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under this Rule to object to a Person as a Controller, to impose conditions on an approval or to require a Person to dispose of their holdings, the Person may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

Guidance

Sections 3.2.34 and 3.2.37 of the RPP Sourcebook set out the matters which the DFSA takes into consideration when exercising its powers under Rule 11.8.13.

155

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

11.9 Deleted

11.10 Notifications

11.10.1 (1)

This section applies to every Authorised Person, unless otherwise provided, with respect to the carrying on of Financial Services and any other activities whether or not financial.

(2)

This section does not apply to a Representative Office.

Guidance

1.

This chapter sets out Rules on specific events, changes or circumstances that require notification to the DFSA and outlines the process and requirements for notifications.

2.

The list of notifications outlined in this chapter is not exhaustive. Other areas of the Rulebook may also detail additional notification requirements.

3.

An Authorised Person and its auditor are also required under Article 67 to disclose to the DFSA any matter which may indicate a breach or likely breach of, or a failure or likely failure to comply with, laws or Rules. An Authorised Person is also required to establish and implement systems and procedures to enable its compliance and compliance by its auditor with notification requirements.

Core information

11.10.2 An Authorised Person must provide the DFSA with reasonable advance

notice of a change in:

(a)

the Authorised Person’s name;

(b)

any business or trading name under which the Authorised Person carries on a Financial Service in or from the DIFC;

(c)

the address of the Authorised Person’s principal place of business in the DIFC;

(d)

in the case of a Branch, its registered office or head office address;

(e)

its legal structure; or

(f)

an Authorised Individual’s name or any material matters relating to his fitness and propriety.

11.10.3 A Domestic Firm must provide the DFSA with reasonable advance notice of the establishment or closure of a branch office anywhere in