 any financial instrument or class of financial instruments to be a particular type of an existing Security or Derivative as defined in these Rules or a new type of a Security or Derivative. It may do so on such terms and conditions as it considers appropriate.

(2)

The DFSA may exercise the power under (1) either upon written application made by a Person or on its own initiative.

185

GEN/VER67/03-25

A2.5

GENERAL (GEN)

(3) Without limiting the generality of the matters that the DFSA may consider when exercising its power under (1), it must consider the following factors:

(a)

the economic effect of the financial instrument or class of financial instruments;

(b)

the class of potential instrument is intended to be marketed;

investors

to whom

the

financial

(c)

the treatment of similar financial instruments for regulatory purposes in other jurisdictions; and

(d)

the possible impact of such a declaration on any person issuing or marketing such a financial instrument.

(4)

A Person who makes an application for a declaration under (1) must address, as far as practicable, the factors specified in (3).

(5)

The DFSA must publish any proposed declaration under (1) for public consultation for at least 30 days from the date of publication, except where:

(a)

it declares a financial instrument to be a particular type of an existing Security or Derivative;

(b)

it determines that any delay likely to result from public consultation is prejudicial to the interests of the DIFC; or

(c)

it determines that there is a commercial exigency that warrants such a declaration being made without any, or shorter than 30 day, public consultation.

Guidance

1.

The terms and conditions that may be imposed on a declaration made by the DFSA under Rule A2.4.1(1) can include who should be the Reporting Entity and the type of disclosure requirements that should apply to that Reporting Entity.

2.

If any issuer of a new financial instrument has any doubt as to whether that instrument can be included in an Official List of Securities as a particular type of a Security, that Person should first raise those issues with the relevant Authorised Market Institution before making an application to the DFSA for the exercise of the declaration power under this Rule. The DFSA has a discrete power to object to any proposed inclusion of a Security in an Official List of Securities of an Authorised Market Institution (see Article 34(1) of the Markets Law 2012).

Definitions relating to Crypto Tokens

Guidance

1.

This section defines when a Token is a “Crypto Token” or an “Excluded Token”. A Token is defined in GLO as a cryptographically secured digital representation of value, rights or obligations, which may be transferred and stored electronically using DLT or other similar technology.

issued,

2.

In summary, a Token is a Crypto Token if it is used, or intended to be used, as a medium of exchange or for payment or investment purposes (or it confers a right or

186

GEN/VER67/03-25

GENERAL (GEN)

interest in such a Token) and it is not an Investment Token or other Investment (see Rule A2.1.1) or an Excluded Token (see the definition in Rule A2.5.2 below).

3.

The following diagram illustrates the different classification of Tokens:

Tokens

Investment Tokens

Crypto Tokens

Excluded Tokens

Recognised Tokens Unrecognised Tokens Prohibited Tokens:-

Non-Fungible Tokens

Privacy Tokens

Utility Tokens

Algorithmic Tokens

Digital currencies

issued by Governments

Financial Services can be carried on in the DIFC subject to compliance with DFSA regulatory requirements

Financial Services can be carried on in the DIFC subject to compliance with DFSA regulatory requirements

Financial Services cannot be carried on in the DIFC unless and until recognised by the DFSA (unless providing custody and in relation to certain types of Domestic Funds that invest in Crypto Tokens)

Prohibited from being used in the DIFC

Use not regulated in the DIFC except:



some issuers or service providers of NFTs and Utility Tokens must be registered as a DNFBP for AML purposes



an Authorised Person cannot carry on both Crypto Token Business and business relating to NFTs and Utility Tokens (unless providing custody)

Crypto Token

A2