 and the acceptance of an offer may be made in an Electronic Communication.

(2) Where an Electronic Communication is used in the formation of a contract, that contract has the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as if it was in tangible written form.

5

8.

Effectiveness of intent or other statement

Where an Electronic Communication is used for a declaration of intent or other statement, such intent or statement has the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as if it was made in tangible written form.

9.

Invitation to make an offer

A proposal to conclude a contract made through Electronic Communications that is not addressed to any specific Addressee and is generally accessible to the public, including on a webpage, is to be considered as an invitation to make offers.

10. Use of automated message systems for contract formation

A contract is capable of being formed by the interaction of an automated message system and a natural person, or by the interaction of Automated Message Systems.

PART 3

ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS

11. Time and place of despatch and receipt

(1) Unless otherwise agreed between the Originator and the Addressee, the time of despatch of an Electronic Communication is the time when it enters an Information System outside the control of the Originator or of the party who sent it on behalf of the Originator.

(2) Unless otherwise agreed between the Originator and the Addressee, the time of receipt

of an Electronic Communication is:

(a)

if the Addressee has designated an Information System for the purpose of receiving data messages, receipt occurs:

(i)

at the time when the data message enters the designated Information System; or

(ii)

if the data message is sent to an Information System of the Addressee that is not the designated Information System, at the time when the data message is retrieved by the Addressee, or

(b)

if the Addressee has not designated an Information System, receipt occurs when the data message enters an Information System of the Addressee.

(3) Unless otherwise agreed between the Originator and the Addressee, an Electronic Communication is deemed to be despatched at the place where the Originator has its place of business and is deemed to be received at the place where the Addressee has its place of business. For the purposes of this section:

6

(a)

if the Originator or the Addressee has more than one place of business, the place of business is that which has the closest relationship to the underlying transaction or, where there is no underlying transaction, the registered office; or

(b)

if the Originator or the Addressee does not have a place of business or registered office, reference is to be made to its habitual residence.

(4) Section 11(3) applies even if the place where the Information System supporting an electronic address is located in a place that may be different from the place where the Electronic Communication is deemed to be despatched or received under section 11(3).

(5) Nothing in this section will affect the deemed time for the service of documents under the ADGM Court Procedure Rules 2016, or any deeming provisions for the service of documents contained in an Enactment.

PART 4

ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES

12. Legal recognition of Electronic Signatures

Where an Enactment requires the signature of a person, or provides for certain consequences if a document or a Record is not signed, that requirement is satisfied if an Electronic Signature is used, unless the Enactment expressly prohibits the use of an Electronic Signature.

13. Validity of Electronic Signatures

(1) An Electronic Signature is valid provided that the type of Electronic Signatureused is, either:

(a)

reliable and appropriate for the purpose for which the Electronic Record was generated or communicated, in light of all the circumstances, including any relevant agreement between the parties; or

(b)

proven to have fulfilled the functions described in section 13(1)(a), by itself or together with further evidence,

(2) For the avoidance of doubt, any Electronic Signature which complies with this Part will have

the same legal effect as a handwritten signature.

14. Reliability of Electronic Signature

(1) An Electronic Signature is reliable for the purposes of satisfying the requirement referred to

in section 13(1)(a) if:

(a)

the signature creation data are, within