 with any subsequent amendment to an Enactment or applicable law that permits such Records in Electronic form.

27. Exclusion or modification by the parties

(1) The parties to a contract or transaction may exclude, derogate from or vary the application of any provisions of these Regulations unless an Enactment or any applicable law otherwise provides.

(2) The parties to a contract or transaction may impose additional requirements to the form or authentication of the contract or transaction by agreement unless an Enactment or any applicable law otherwise provides.

PART 8

GENERAL PROVISIONS

28.

Interpretation of certain words and expressions

In these Regulations:

“Addressee” means the party who is intended by the Originator to receive an Electronic Communication.

“Automated Message System” includes a computer program or an electronic or other automated means used to initiate an action or respond to data messages or performances in whole or in part, without review or intervention by a natural person each time an action is initiated or a response is generated by the system;”

“Court” means any of the courts established pursuant to Article 13 of the ADGM Founding Law.

“created” includes generated, sent, communicated, or received.

“Electronic” relates to technology having electrical, digital, magnetic, wireless, optical, electromagnetic, or similar capabilities.

“Electronic Communication” means any communication made by means of an Electronic Record.

“Electronic Record” means a Record created, generated, sent, communicated, received or retained in Electronic form.

“Electronic Signature” means an Electronic sound, symbol or process attached to or logically associated with an Electronic Record, which may be used to identify the signatory and to indicate the signatory’s approval of the Information contained in the Electronic Record.

“Electronic Transferable Record” is an Electronic Record that complies with the requirements of section 17.

11

“Enactment” means an “enactment” or “subordinate legislation”, within the meaning given to these terms in the Interpretation Regulations 2015.

“Information” includes data, text, images, sounds, codes, computer programs, software, databases, symbols or processes.

“Information System” means a system for generating, sending, receiving, storing or otherwise processing Electronic Records.

“Originator” means the party who sent an Electronic Communication.

“Record” means Information that is capable of retention in tangible or Electronic form.

“Transferable Document or Instrument” means a document or instrument capable of being created on paper that entitles the holder to claim the performance of the obligation indicated in the document or instrument and to transfer the right to performance of the obligation indicated in the document or instrument through the transfer of that document or instrument.

29. General reliability standard

For the purposes of sections (1)(a), 17(1)(b), 18(1), 19, 21, 22(1) and 23(1) the method referred to will be:

(a)

as reliable as appropriate for the fulfilment of the function for which the method is being used, in the light of all relevant circumstances, which may include:

(i)

any operational rules relevant to the assessment of reliability;

(ii)

the assurance of data integrity;

(iii)

the ability to prevent unauthorized access to and use of the system;

(iv)

the security of hardware and software;

(v)

the regularity and extent of audit by an independent body;

(vi)

the existence of a declaration by a supervisory body, an accreditation body or a voluntary scheme regarding the reliability of the method; or

(vii)

any applicable industry standard, or

(b)

proven in fact to have fulfilled the function by itself or together with further evidence.

30. Cross-border recognition

(1) Electronic Records of contracts, Electronic Signatures and Electronic Transferable Records have legal effect, validity or enforceability even if they were created, issued, used or performed either outside Abu Dhabi Global Market or the United Arab Emirates.

(2) Nothing in these Regulations affects the application to Electronic Records of contracts, Electronic Signatures and Electronic Transferable Records of rules of private international law governing contracts, signatures or Transferable Documents or Instruments.

12

31.

Information requirements

Nothing in these Regulations affects the application of any rule of law that may require a person to disclose their identity, place of business or other information, or relieves a person from the legal consequences of making inaccurate, incomplete or false statements in that regard.

