 place of a Listed Entity; and

2.

references in Rule 7.5 to a Listed Entity’s Securities are to be read as applying to Units of a Listed Fund.

4.

OFFERS OF SECURITIES

4.1

Application

4.1.1 This chapter applies to:

(1)

a Person who makes or intends to make an Offer of Securities in ADGM other than in respect of Units;

(2)

a Person who makes an application to have any Securities other than Units admitted to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange; and

(3)

any Person specified in section 4.10 as a Person liable for the content of a Prospectus.

Guidance

1.

A Person making an Offer of Securities in relation to Units of a Fund is exempt from the requirements in Part 6 of FSMR and the Rules made for the purposes of that Part which deal with Prospectuses, unless the Units of a Fund are to be admitted to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange.

2.

A Person having or intending to have Units of a Fund admitted to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange is required to comply with Part 6 of FSMR and the Funds Rules made for the purposes of that Part in the manner and circumstances prescribed in these Rules. Chapter 3 contains the requirements

Confidential

38

MKT VER09.020125

that apply to a Person who applies to have, or has , Units admitted to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange.

3.

The Regulator has the power, pursuant to section 59(c) of FSMR, to prescribe certain communications to be Exempt Communications. Such communications are not subject to the prohibition in section 58(1) of FSMR as they fall outside the definition of an "Offer of Securities" in section 59 of FSMR.

4.

The Regulator also has the power under section 61(3) of FSMR to prescribe certain types of:

a.

Offers of Securities as "Exempt Offers"; and

b.

Securities to be "Exempt Securities".

Pursuant to section 58 of FSMR, Exempt Offers and Exempt Securities do not require a Prospectus.

4.2

Exempt Communications

Guidance

For the purposes of section 59(c) of FSMR, Exempt Communications are not Offers of Securities and therefore do not attract the Prospectus requirements in FSMR and Rules.

4.2.1 A communication is prescribed by the Regulator as an Exempt Communication if it is

made in:

(a)

connection with the trading of Securities that are listed and traded on a Regulated Exchange; and

(b)

the ordinary course of business of an Authorised Person, Recognised Body or Remote Member.

4.3

Exempt Offers

Guidance

This section prescribes the type of Offer of Securities that is an Exempt Offer. Pursuant to section 58(1) of FSMR, a Person may make an Offer of Securities in the circumstances specified in this Rule without a Prospectus.

1.

A Debenture or Sukuk Offer to Retail Clients cannot be made by way of an Exempt Offer.

2.

An Exempt Offer of Debentures or Sukuk may not be made under the provisions of Rule 4.3.1(2).

4.3.1 For the purposes of section 61(3)(a) of FSMR, the Regulator prescribes the following to be

circumstances in which an Offer is an Exempt Offer:

Confidential

39

MKT VER09.020125

(1)

an Offer made to or directed at only Professional Clients;

(2)

an Offer in ADGM which is directed at no more than 50 Persons in any 12-month period, excluding Professional Clients who are not Natural Persons;

(3)

an Offer where the total consideration to be paid by a Person to acquire the Securities is at least $100,000, or an equivalent amount in another currency;

(4)

an Offer where the Securities are denominated in amounts of at least $100,000, or an equivalent amount in another currency;

(5)

an Offer where the total aggregate consideration for the Securities offered is less than $100,000, or an equivalent amount in another currency, calculated over a period of 12 months;

(6)

an Offer where Shares are issued in substitution for Shares of the same class as