 Person who conducts Price Stabilisation of dual-listed Relevant Securities in ADGM must comply with Rules 6.2.9 to 6.2.16.

(4)

A Person who conducts Price Stabilisation in ADGM of dual-listed Relevant Securities may, where the non-ADGM jurisdiction is a Zone 1 jurisdiction and where the prior consent of the Regulator has been obtained, conduct such Price Stabilisation in accordance with the law of that Zone 1 jurisdiction.

(5)

The Regulator may give its consent to the conduct of Price Stabilisation referred to in (2) if it is satisfied that the jurisdiction is a Zone 1 jurisdiction and that the Price Stabilisation will be carried out in accordance with the law of that Zone 1 jurisdiction.

(6)

The Regulator may refuse to give its consent if it is not satisfied as to the matters referred to in (5).

Confidential

80

MKT VER09.020125

(7)

The Regulator may attach conditions to the consent given under this Rule.

Guidance

Rule 6.2.17 allows a Person who is acting as a Stabilisation Manager in respect of a dual- listing of Relevant Securities to rely on the Price Stabilisation Rules or on the laws of a Zone 1 jurisdiction to conduct those activities. The Rule is intended to provide Stabilisation Managers with some limited flexibility in respect of their activities in ADGM, so long as those activities are appropriately regulated.

6.2.18 Price Stabilisation from ADGM

(1)

A Person who conducts, from ADGM, Price Stabilisation of dual-listed Relevant Securities on a Remote Investment Exchange or an exchange outside ADGM must:

(a)

ensure that such Price Stabilisation is conducted in accordance with the law of that non-ADGM jurisdiction; and

(b)

provide the Regulator adequate prior notification of such Price Stabilisation.

Guidance

Rule 6.2.18 allows a Person who is acting as a Stabilisation Manager in respect of a dual- listing of Relevant Securities to rely on the laws of another jurisdiction to conduct those activities outside ADGM. The Rule is intended to provide Stabilisation Managers with some limited flexibility in respect of their activities outside ADGM.

7.

CONTINUOUS DISCLOSURE

7.1

Application

7.1.1

(1)

This chapter applies, subject to (2), to every Reporting Entity.

(2)

The requirements in this section do not apply to a Reporting Entity if the relevant Disclosure has already been made in relation to the Financial Instruments either by another Person or in relation to other Financial Instruments.

7.2

Disclosure of Inside Information

Immediate Disclosure of Inside Information

7.2.1

(1)

Subject to Rule 7.2.1(4), once a Reporting Entity is, or becomes, aware of Inside Information, it must immediately Disclose that Inside Information.

(2)

A Reporting Entity must ensure that the Disclosure it makes pursuant to (1) is not false, misleading, or deceptive and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of the Inside Information.

Confidential

81

MKT VER09.020125

(3)

For the purposes of complying with the requirement in (1), the Reporting Entity must, subject to Rule 7.2.1(4), immediately make its Disclosure in the manner specified in Rule 7.7.1.

Exceptions to Rule 7.2.1

(4)

Rule 7.2.1 does not apply to specific information where:

(a)

the information relates to an incomplete matter or negotiation;

(b)

the Disclosure of the information would be in breach of a law or in contempt of court;

(c)

the information comprises matters of supposition or is insufficiently certain or definite for it to be Disclosed;

(d)

the information has been created for the internal management purposes of the Listed Entity; or

(e)

the information is a trade secret;

(5)

the information is confidential and the Regulator is not of the opinion that the information is no longer confidential; and

(6)

a reasonable person would not expect the information to be Disclosed.

7.2.2

[Deleted]

Selective Disclosure

7.2.3

(1)

A Reporting Entity may selectively Disclose Inside Information to a Person prior to making a Disclosure of