 capable of being reproduced on paper, irrespective of the medium used. Expressions related to writing must be interpreted accordingly.

6.

Any reference to "dollars" or "$" is a reference to United States Dollars unless the contrary intention appears.

7.

Unless stated otherwise, a day means a calendar day. If an obligation falls on a calendar day which is either a Saturday or Sunday or an official State holiday in ADGM, the obligation must take place on the next calendar day which is a Business Day.

Defined terms

8.

Defined terms are identified throughout the Rulebook by the capitalisation of the initial letter of a word or of each word in a phrase and are defined in the Glossary ("GLO"). Unless the context otherwise requires, where capitalisation of the initial letter is not used, an expression has its natural meaning.

9.

Where reference to Disclosure is made throughout the Rulebook, that is to the term as defined in GLO. As this Rulebook prescribes how the Regulator has set out the information and circumstances by which a Disclosure is to be made, where there is reference to the capitalised term Disclose throughout this Rulebook, this refers to the requirement and/or mechanism to disclose the Disclosure.

1.5

Complaints against the Regulator

1.5.1 A Person who feels he has been adversely affected by the manner in which the Regulator has carried out its functions may make a complaint to the Regulator about its conduct or the conduct of its Employees.

Confidential

7

MKT VER09.020125

1.5.2 A complaint must be in writing and should be addressed to the Chief Executive of the Regulator. The complaint will be dealt with by the Regulator in a timely manner.

2.

THE LISTING RULES

2.1

Application

2.1.1 This chapter applies to every:

(a)

Listed Entity; and

(b)

Applicant for admission of Securities to the Official List.

Guidance

1.

Listed Entities should note that some of the Listing Rules are Security-specific and many apply exclusively to Issuers of Shares.

2.

The Regulator may waive or modify one or more requirements of this chapter for Issuers of Debenture or Equity Securities where appropriate, provided such waiver or modification would not unduly prejudice holders of the Issuer's Securities.

3.

The Regulator may waive or modify one or more requirements of this chapter for an Issuer of secondary Listed Securities if:

a.

the Issuer is from a jurisdiction acceptable to the Regulator, due to the regulatory regime, as it applies to its primary listing being broadly equivalent to the regulatory regime applying in ADGM;

b.

adequate arrangements exist, or will exist, for co-operation between the Regulator and the other Person responsible for regulating the Regulated Exchange on which the Securities are listed on a primary listing basis or for regulating listed entities in the jurisdiction where the Securities are listed on a primary listing basis; and

c.

holders of the Issuer's Shares would not be unduly prejudiced by the waiver or modification.

4.

The Regulator may also modify one or more requirements of this chapter for an Exempt Offeror who wishes to voluntarily comply with the Listing Rules in order to include its Securities on the Official List and thereby seek admission to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange. Without such a modification an Exempt Offeror cannot have its Securities included in the Official List. This is because section 50(3) of FSMR requires that a Recognised Investment Exchange shall not permit trading of Securities on its facilities unless those Securities are admitted to, and not suspended from, the Official List.

5.

The Regulator is aware that the timing of admittance to trading may not always coincide with the process for admission of Securities to the Official List. However, in practice, the Regulator will generally provide the Applicant with a notice of

Confidential

8

MKT VER09.020125

admission to the Official List on condition of a successful admission to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange within a specified period. This notice of admission can be provided to the relevant Recognised Investment Exchange when seeking admission to trading on the Recognised Investment Exchange. At all relevant times the Regulator expects to be in contact with the relevant Recognised Investment Exchange on which the Securities are to be admitted to trading.

6.

The Regulator will maintain the Official List on the ADGM website