isting in (1).

Guidance

1.

A Listed Entity requesting delisting should submit such request in reasonable time for the Regulator to consider the request and satisfy the Regulator that a delisting would be appropriate.

2.

Examples of other information which the Regulator may require pursuant to Rule 2.6.3(1)(c) include a proof of shareholder resolution, evidence of any Disclosure, circular or other document which the Listed Entity is relying on as part of its request to suspend or delist its admission to the Official List.

3.

A Listed Entity requesting cancellation of its admission to the Official List should provide existing security holders with sufficient notice prior to the cancellation date in order to provide them with an opportunity to sell their Securities.

4.

An example of the type of condition the Regulator may impose pursuant to Rule 2.6.3(2) is the imposition of a time limit for the suspension.

Restoration of a listing

2.6.4 The Regulator may restore the admission to the Official List of any Securities which have

been suspended if it considers that:

(1)

the smooth operation of the market is no longer jeopardised; or

(2)

where relevant, the suspension is no longer required to protect investors.

2.6.5 The Regulator may restore the admission to the Official List of any Securities which have been suspended whether the restoration was requested by the relevant Listed Entity or at the Regulator's own initiative.

Delisting Securities from the Official List

2.6.6 For the purposes of section 53 of FSMR, the circumstances which may warrant the

delisting of Securities by the Regulator include, but are not limited to, where:

(1)

the Securities are no longer admitted to trading as required by these Rules and FSMR;

Confidential

23

MKT VER09.020125

(2)

the Listed Entity no longer satisfies one or more of its continuing obligations for admission to the Official List;

(3)

the Securities have been suspended from the Official List for more than six months;

(4)

it is necessary because the Securities have been subject to a merger, Takeover or Reverse Takeover;

(5)

the admission to the Official List is a secondary listing and the Securities have been cancelled on their primary listing or are no longer admitted to trading for such primary listing;

(6)

it is in the interests of ADGM, including the interests of investors, potential investors or the ADGM markets; or

(7)

the Securities have been redeemed or cease to exist for any other reason.

Guidance

For the purposes of Rule 2.6.6(2) an example of a breach of the continuing obligations which may warrant a delisting by the Regulator would be where the percentage of Shares in public hands falls below the applicable thresholds set out in Rule 2.3.10(2). The Regulator may, however, allow a reasonable time to restore the percentage unless this is precluded by the need to maintain the smooth operation of the market or to protect investors.

2.7

Continuing obligations

Guidance

A Listed Entity should consider its obligations under other chapters of this Rulebook, in addition to the requirements in these Rules.

Information and facilities for Shareholders

2.7.1

(1)

The Board of a Listed Entity must ensure that all the necessary information and facilities are available to its Shareholders to enable them to exercise the rights attaching to their Securities on a well-informed basis.

(2)

Without limiting the generality of the obligation in (1), the Board of a Listed Entity must ensure that the Shareholders:

(a)

are provided with the necessary information relating to the matters to be determined at meetings to enable them to exercise their voting rights, including the proxy forms and notice of meetings; and

(b)

have access to any relevant notices or circulars giving information in relation to the rights attaching to the Securities.

Confidential

24

MKT VER09.020125

Shares in public hands

2.7.2

(1)

A Listed Entity must ensure that a sufficient number of its Shares are distributed to the public at all times.

(2)

A Listed Entity which no longer complies with (1) must notify the Regulator as soon as possible after it first becomes aware of its non-compliance.

Guidance

Rules 2.3.10(2) and (3