4.7, if

requested to do so.

Guidance

Provided that all the documents required by Rules 2.4.4 and 2.4.5 are complete and received on time, the Regulator would generally expect to process an application for admittance to the Official List within two days, and in the case of non-equity Securities, one day.

2.5

Determination of applications and references

Guidance

Determination of applications

1.

Under section 50(2) of FSMR, the Regulator may only grant admission of Securities to an Official List maintained by in accordance with the requirements in FSMR and this Rulebook.

it,

2.

Under section 52(1)(b) of FSMR, the Regulator may impose conditions or restrictions in respect of the admission of Securities to the Official List, or vary or withdraw such conditions or restrictions.

3.

Under section 52(3) of FSMR, the Regulator will notify the Applicant in writing of its decision in relation to the application for admission of Securities to the Official List.

4.

Where the Regulator grants admission of Securities to an Official List, it will include details of the Securities, the Issuer and Reporting Entity in the Official List published on the ADGM website.

Confidential

21

MKT VER09.020125

2.6

Suspending, delisting and restoring a listing

Guidance

Under section 53 of FSMR, the Regulator may, suspend or delist Securities from the Official List with immediate effect or from such date and time as may be specified where it is satisfied that there are circumstances that warrant such action or it is in the interests of the ADGM Financial System, including the interests of its investors, potential investors or markets.

Suspending Securities from the Official List

Examples of circumstances that warrant the suspension by the Regulator of Securities from the Official List include:

1.

the Listed Entity has failed to meet its continuing obligations for admission to the Official List;

2.

the Listed Entity has failed to Disclose financial information in accordance with these Rules;

3.

the Listed Entity is unable to assess accurately its financial position and inform the market accordingly;

4.

there is insufficient publicly-available information in the market about a proposed transaction which involves the Listed Entity or the Relevant Securities;

5.

the Listed Entity's Securities have been suspended elsewhere;

6.

the Listed Entity has appointed Administrators or receivers, or is an Investment Trust or Fund and is winding up;

7.

the Relevant Securities are a securitised Derivative and any underlying Instrument is suspended; or

8.

for a Derivative which carries a right to buy or subscribe for another Security, the Security over which the Derivative carries a right to buy or subscribe has been suspended.

2.6.1 A Listed Entity which has had the admission to the Official List of any of its Securities suspended must continue to comply with all relevant Listing Rules applicable to it.

2.6.2

If the Regulator suspends the admission to the Official List of any Securities, it may impose such requirements on the procedure for lifting the suspension as it considers appropriate.

Suspension or delisting at the Listed Entity's request

2.6.3

(1)

If a Listed Entity wishes to have its Listed Securities suspended or delisted from the Official List, it must submit a request in writing to the Regulator and include:

Confidential

22

MKT VER09.020125

(a)

the reasons for the request;

(b)

the date and time on which the suspension or delisting is to take place; and

(c)

any other information regarding the Securities or the circumstances of the suspension or delisting which the Regulator requires.

(2)

The Regulator may impose such conditions or requirements as it considers appropriate on the suspension or delisting in (1).

Guidance

1.

A Listed Entity requesting delisting should submit such request in reasonable time for the Regulator to consider the request and satisfy the Regulator that a delisting would be appropriate.

2.

Examples of other information which the Regulator may require pursuant to Rule 2.6.3(1)(c) include a proof of shareholder resolution, evidence of any Disclosure, circular or other document which the Listed Entity is relying on as part of its request to suspend or delist its admission to the Official List.

3.

A Listed Entity requesting cancellation of its admission