; and

(2)

include details in relation to the Petroleum Reporting Entity’s policies and practices in relation to operating in a sustainable manner, including:

(i)

the Petroleum Reporting Entity’s policy with regards to environmental and social issues;

(ii)

impact of the Petroleum Reporting Entity’s business practices on the environment and the communities in which it operates; and

Confidential

136

MKT VER09.020125

(iii)

the environmental and social risks faced by the Petroleum Reporting Entity.

Valuation Report

12.3.2 A Prospectus relating to a Petroleum Reporting Entity must include a Valuation Report on the Petroleum Resources of the company. The Valuation Report must be prepared by an independent expert in accordance with the Petroleum Reporting Standard, the VALMIN Code, the SAMVAL Code, or the CIMVAL Code. The effective date of the Valuation Report must not be more than 6 months earlier than the date of the Prospectus .

12.3.3 With regard to any Valuation Report, the following must be disclosed:

(1)

the principal assumptions used in arriving at the valuation, including but not limited to, assumed commodity prices, rate of discount and rate of inflation, and the basis for each assumption. Contracted commodity prices must be used where applicable and available;

Guidance

If commodity prices are unavailable, either forecast or constant prices may be used. Where forecast commodity prices are used, this should be accompanied by a statement by the qualified person that such forecast was arrived at after due and careful enquiry and reflects their view of a reasonable outlook of the future.

(2)

analysis of the sensitivity of the valuation to variation in the principal assumptions provided in (1) above. In relation to commodity prices, the scenarios must include both constant and forecast prices. In relation to the rate of discount, the scenarios must include the weighted average cost of capital;

(3)

an estimate of net present value. If the valuation is arrived at on an alternative basis, an explanation of the basis and reasons for adopting the alternative basis; and

(4)

a risk factor highlighting the uncertainties inherent in the assumptions made in arriving at the valuation, and the effects they may have on the valuation of the Petroleum Resources and the value of the offered Securities.

12.4 Geophysical surveys

12.4.1 A disclosure by a Petroleum Reporting Entity on any geophysical survey in relation to

Petroleum must include:

(1)

the name of the survey;

(2)

its nature and status; and

(3)

the permit under which the survey is being conducted.

Confidential

137

MKT VER09.020125

12.5 Exploration and drilling

12.5.1 A Petroleum Reporting Entity disclosing material Exploration and drilling information in

relation to Petroleum Resources must ensure the disclosure contains:

(1)

the name, type and location of the well(s);

(2)

the details of the permit or lease in which the well is located, including land tenure status;

(3)

the Petroleum Reporting Entity’s working interest in the well;

(4)

the net pay thickness, where the gross pay thickness is disclosed in relation to an internal of conventional resources;

(5)

the geological rock type of the formation drilled;

(6)

the depth of the zones tested;

(7)

the types of, and duration of, the test(s) undertaken;

(8)

the Petroleum phases recovered in the test(s);

(9)

any other recovery associated with the test(s) and their respective proportions;

(10)

the choke size used, flow rates and, if measured, the volumes of the Petroleum phases;

(11)

the details of any fracture simulation, including its size, nature and number of fracture stimulations;

(12)

any material volumes of non-Petroleum gases;

(13)

any data aggregation methods used; and

(14)

any other information that is material to understanding the disclosure.

12.6

Initial disclosure of Petroleum Resources

12.6.1 A Petroleum Reporting Entity must immediately disclose any new material estimates of Prospective Resources, Contingent Resources or Petroleum Reserves that have not previously been disclosed.

12.6.2 A Petroleum Reporting Entity making a disclosure under Rule 12.6.1 must ensure the

disclosure contains:

(1)

the types of permits or licences held by the Petroleum Reporting Entity relating to the estimates;

(2)

an explanation of the new data and information;

Confidential

138

