 at least two Directors of the Listed Entity.

Disclosure

10.1.8 (1)

A Reporting Entity where it is required by FSMR and these Rules to prepare the following financial reports must Disclose, in accordance with Rule 7.7.1:

Confidential

115

MKT VER09.020125

(a)

its annual financial report;

(b)

its semi-annual financial report; and

(c)

its preliminary financial results.

(2)

A Reporting Entity must make the Disclosure required in (1) within the following time periods:

(a)

in relation to its annual financial report, as soon as possible after the financial statements have been approved, but no later than four months after the end of the financial period;

(b)

in relation to its semi-annual financial report, as soon as possible and in any event no later than two months after the end of the period to which the report relates; and

(c)

in relation to its preliminary financial results, as soon as possible but no later than two months after the end of the financial period.

(3)

A Reporting Entity must, where there is a change to its accounting reference date, Disclose in accordance with Rule 7.7.1:

(a)

the change to its accounting reference date as soon as possible; and

(b)

if it is a Reporting Entity in relation to Shares, a second interim report within six months of the old accounting reference date if the change of the accounting reference date extends the annual accounting period to more than 14 months.

10.2 Application in respect of a Reporting Entity

10.2.1 This section applies to every Reporting Entity.

Guidance

1.

In this section, obligations of a Reporting Entity may be read as applying to the Listed Entity for which the Reporting Entity is responsible.

2.

A Reporting Entity is required under section 82 of FSMR to appoint an auditor.

Appointment and termination of auditors

10.2.2 A Reporting Entity must:

(1)

notify the Regulator of the appointment of an auditor by completing and submitting such form as the Regulator shall prescribe; and

(2)

prior to the appointment of the auditor, take reasonable steps to ensure that the auditor has the required skills, resources and experience to audit the business of the Reporting Entity for which the auditor has been appointed.

Confidential

116

MKT VER09.020125

10.2.3 A Reporting Entity must notify the Regulator immediately if the appointment of its auditor is or is about to be terminated, or on the resignation of its auditor, by completing and submitting such form as the Regulator shall prescribe.

10.2.4 A Reporting Entity must appoint an auditor to fill any vacancy in the office of auditor and ensure that the replacement auditor can take up office at the time the vacancy arises or as soon as reasonably practicable.

10.2.5 (1)

A Reporting Entity must take reasonable steps to ensure that the auditor and the relevant audit staff of the auditor are independent of and not subject to any conflict of interest with respect to the Reporting Entity.

(2)

A Reporting Entity must notify the Regulator if it becomes aware, or has reason to believe, that the auditor or the relevant audit staff of the auditor are no longer independent of the Reporting Entity, or have a conflict of interest which may affect their judgement in respect of the Reporting Entity.

Guidance

A Reporting Entity should consider whether there is any financial or personal relationship between it or any of its relevant Employees and the auditor or any of the relevant Employees of the auditor that may affect the judgement of the auditor when conducting an audit of the Reporting Entity or complying with all its legal obligations, including FSMR, GEN, AML and other relevant Rulebooks.

Co-operation with auditors

10.2.6 A Reporting Entity must take reasonable steps to ensure that it and its Employees:

(1)

provide any information to its auditor that its auditor reasonably requires, or is entitled to receive as auditor;

(2)

give the auditor right of access at all reasonable times to relevant records and information within its possession;

(3)

allow the auditor to make copies of any records or information referred to in paragraph (2);

(4)

do not interfere with the auditor's ability to discharge its duties;

(5)

report to the auditor any matter which may significantly affect the financial position of the Reporting Entity; and

(6)

provide such other assistance as the auditor may