 and its Employees:

(1)

provide any information to its auditor that its auditor reasonably requires, or is entitled to receive as auditor;

(2)

give the auditor right of access at all reasonable times to relevant records and information within its possession;

(3)

allow the auditor to make copies of any records or information referred to in paragraph (2);

(4)

do not interfere with the auditor's ability to discharge its duties;

(5)

report to the auditor any matter which may significantly affect the financial position of the Reporting Entity; and

(6)

provide such other assistance as the auditor may reasonably request it to provide.

Confidential

117

MKT VER09.020125

Function of the auditor

10.2.7 A Reporting Entity, must in writing require its auditor to:

(1)

conduct an audit of the Reporting Entity's financial statements in accordance with the International Standards on Auditing as issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB) in respect of its financial business or other standards acceptable to the Regulator; and

(2)

produce a Reporting Entity auditor's Report on the audited financial statements in accordance with FSMR and GEN.

10.2.8 A Reporting Entity must submit any auditor's reports and financial statements required by this chapter to the Regulator within four months of the Reporting Entity's financial year end.

11.

ADDITIONAL OBLIGATIONS FOR MINING REPORTING ENTITIES

Guidance

1.

Chapter 11 sets out the disclosure requirements additional to those applicable to Persons who make, or intend to make, an Offer of Securities as provided for in chapter 4 and/or those Persons who are a Listed Entity, a Reporting Entity or an Applicant for admission to the Official List, where such disclosure relates to Exploration Targets, Exploration Results, Mineral Resources, Ore Reserves or Production Targets.

2.

Each Mining Reporting Standard sets out its own disclosure/reporting obligations relevant to Exploration Targets, Exploration Results, Mineral Resources, Ore Reserves and Competent Person statements. These requirements are supplemented/replicated by the requirements set out in Rules 11.4, 11.5, 11.6 and 11.12.

3.

Rules 11.7 to 11.11 relate to disclosure/reporting obligations not included in the including the disclosure of Non-Equivalent Mining Reporting Standards, Estimates, Production Targets, forecast financial information, quarterly reporting and the Summary of Reserves and Resources.

11.1 Application

11.1.1 This Chapter applies to Persons who make, or intend to make, a disclosure relating to Exploration Targets, Exploration Results, Mineral Resources, Ore Reserves or Production Targets, including:

(1)

a Mining Reporting Entity;

(2)

a Person who makes or intends to make an Offer of Securities in ADGM;

(3)

an Issuer; and

(4)

a Listed Entity.

Confidential

118

MKT VER09.020125

11.1.2 For the purposes of this chapter, a reference to a Mining Reporting Entity shall also

include Persons in Rule 11.1.1(2), (3) and (4), as applicable.

11.1.3 Terms that are defined in a Mining Reporting Standard are deemed to be defined terms in

this chapter.

11.2 General rules for mining activity disclosures

Requirements for all disclosures

11.2.1 A disclosure by a Mining Reporting Entity that includes a statement about Exploration Targets, Exploration Results, Mineral Resources, Ore Reserves or Production Targets must be prepared in accordance with:

(1)

a Mining Reporting Standard; and

(2)

this chapter.

Guidance

Rule 11.2.1 applies to all disclosures made or required to be made under the Rules which include a statement about Exploration Targets, Exploration Results, Mineral Resources, Ore Reserves or Production Targets, including within a Prospectus, Exempt Offer document, bidder’s and target’s statements, annual reports, financial statements, technical papers, presentations, and website content and disclosures.

In order to ensure consistency of its disclosures, Issuers and Mining Reporting Entities should be mindful of the table format for disclosure of Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources set out in MKT Form-11-1.

11.2.2 Where a disclosure by a Mining Reporting Entity does not meet a non-mandatory requirement contained in a Mining Reporting Standard, the Mining Reporting Entity must provide in its disclosure a statement as