 or reviewed accounts for its most recent semi-annual financial reporting period (or longer period if available).

(b)

If the Applicant has in the twelve months prior to applying for admission acquired, or is proposing in connection with its application for admission to acquire, another entity or business that is significant in the context of the Applicant:

(i)

audited accounts for the last two full financial years for that other entity or business. The submission of the other entity’s or

Confidential

17

MKT VER09.020125

business’ audited accounts must also comply with Rules 2.3.16(4)(a)(i) and (ii) above.

(c)

A reviewed pro forma statement of financial position. The review must be conducted by a registered company auditor or an independent accountant.

(5)

In each case set out in (4) above, the Applicant must submit the audit report or review, and the audit report or review must not contain a modified opinion, emphasis of matter or other matter paragraph that the Regulator considers unacceptable.

(6)

If the Applicant has issued, or proposes to issue, Securities that under these Rules are, or are required to be, Restricted Securities, it must comply with Rule 9.6 and APP 8.

(7)

If in the:

(a)

two years prior to the date of its application, the Applicant has acquired, or in connection with its admission is proposing to acquire, an Unproven Asset from a Related Party or Promoter, or an Associate of a Related Party or Promoter, the consideration for the acquisition must have been, or be, Restricted Securities in the form of Shares, or Warrants over the Applicant’s Shares, issued by the Applicant; or

(b)

twelve months prior to the admission of its Securities to the Official List the Applicant has acquired, or in connection with its admission is proposing to acquire, an Unproven Asset from a Person who is not a Related Party or Promoter, or an Associate of a Related Party or a Promoter, any part or all of the consideration for the acquisition that was, or will be, Securities in a class that is subject of an application for admission to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange, must be Restricted Securities.

Guidance

1.

Rules 2.3.16(7)(a) and (b) do not apply if under Rule 9.6.2 the Applicant is not required to apply the restrictions in APP 8.

2.

Rule 2.3.16(7)(a) does not apply if, and to the extent that, the consideration was, or will be, reimbursement of expenditure incurred by the Related Party, Promoter or Associate in developing the Unproven Asset.

3.

Note that the requirement in Rule 2.3.16(7) that the Securities in question must be Restricted Securities means that Rule 2.3.16(6) above also applies.

Confidential

18

MKT VER09.020125

2.4

Application for admission to the List

Listing application

2.4.1 An Applicant must apply to the Regulator by:

(1)

submitting in final form the relevant documents in such form as the Regulator shall prescribe;

(2)

paying the fee set out in the FEES Rulebook at the time of submission of the completed application form;

(3)

submitting all additional documents, explanations and information as may be required by the Regulator, including the documents specified in Rules 2.4.4 and 2.4.5; and

(4)

submitting verification of any information in such manner as the Regulator may specify.

2.4.2 All the documents in Rule 2.4.1 must be submitted to the Regulator at the Regulator's

address.

Guidance

1.

Before submitting the documents referred to in Rule 2.4.1, an Applicant should contact the Regulator to agree the date on which the Regulator will consider the application.

2.

When considering an application for admission of Securities to the Official List, the Regulator may:

a.

carry out any enquiries and request any further information which it considers appropriate, including consulting with other regulators or exchanges;

b.

request that an Applicant answer questions and explain any matter the Regulator considers relevant to the application for admission to the Official List;

c.

take into account any information which