 Production Targets, including within a Prospectus, Exempt Offer document, bidder’s and target’s statements, annual reports, financial statements, technical papers, presentations, and website content and disclosures.

In order to ensure consistency of its disclosures, Issuers and Mining Reporting Entities should be mindful of the table format for disclosure of Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources set out in MKT Form-11-1.

11.2.2 Where a disclosure by a Mining Reporting Entity does not meet a non-mandatory requirement contained in a Mining Reporting Standard, the Mining Reporting Entity must provide in its disclosure a statement as to how and why its disclosure differs from the non-mandatory requirement contained in the relevant Mining Reporting Standard.

Guidance

Rule 11.2.1(1) requires a Mining Reporting Entity to fully comply with all binding requirements set out in a Mining Reporting Standard. The Regulator also expects a Mining Reporting Entity to fully comply with all non-mandatory requirements set out in a Mining Reporting Standard, including, for example, Table 1 of the JORC Code or SAMREC Code, or explain its non-compliance in accordance with Rule 11.2.2.

11.2.3 If a Mining Reporting Entity changes the basis upon which it makes disclosures from a one Mining Reporting Standard (the “Initial Mining Reporting Standard”) to a new different Mining Reporting Standard (the “New Mining Reporting Standard”), then the Mining Reporting Entity must, when first making a disclosure under the New Mining Reporting Standard, disclose a reconciliation of the differences between the disclosures under the Initial Mining Reporting Standard and the disclosures under the New Mining Reporting Standard.

Confidential

119

MKT VER09.020125

11.2.4 A disclosure by a Mining Reporting Entity that includes a statement about Exploration Targets, Exploration Results, Mineral Resources, Ore Reserves, Production Targets or a Technical Study must not include Historical Estimates.

11.3 Prospectus – Mining Disclosures

11.3.1 In addition to complying with the requirements of Chapter 4, a Prospectus:

(1)

that includes a statement about Exploration Targets, Exploration Results, Mineral Resources, Ore Reserves or Production Targets, must comply with Rule 11.2.1; and

(2)

must include details in relation to the Mining Reporting Entity’s policies and practices in relation to operating in a sustainable manner, including:

(i)

the Mining Reporting Entity’s policy with regards to environmental and social issues;

(ii)

impact of the Mining Reporting Entity’s business practices on the environment and the communities in which it operates; and

(iii)

the environmental and social risks faced by the Mining Reporting Entity.

Valuation Report

11.3.2 A Prospectus relating to a Mining Reporting Entity must include a Valuation Report on the Mineral Reserves and Ore Reserves of the company, as applicable. The Valuation Report must be prepared by an independent expert in accordance with a Valuation Standard. The effective date of the Valuation Report must not be more than 6 months earlier than the date of the Prospectus .

11.3.3 A Valuation Report must contain the following:

(1)

the Valuation Standard used;

(2)

the principal assumptions used in arriving at the valuation, including but not limited to, assumed commodity prices, rate of discount and rate of inflation, and the basis for each assumption. Contracted commodity prices must be used where applicable and available;

Guidance

If contract commodity prices are unavailable, either forecast or constant prices may be used. Where forecast commodity prices are used, this should be accompanied by a statement by the qualified person that such forecast was arrived at after due and careful enquiry and reflects their reasonably held view of the outlook of the future.

(3)

an analysis of the sensitivity of the valuation to variation in the principal assumptions provided in (2) above. In relation to commodity prices, the scenarios must include both constant and forecast prices. In relation to the rate of discount, the scenarios must include the weighted average cost of capital;

Confidential

120

MKT VER09.020125

(4)

an estimate of net present value. If the valuation is arrived at on an alternative basis, an explanation of the basis and reasons for adopting the alternative basis; and

(5)

a risk factor highlighting the uncertainties inherent in the assumptions made in arriving at the valuation, and the effects they may have on the valuation of the Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves and the value of