

(3)

any other information or explanation which the Regulator may require to verify whether the Listing Rules are being and have been complied with.

Disclosure requirements

2.8.2 An Applicant or Listed Entity which is required by these Listing Rules to notify the

Regulator of certain information must provide such information as soon as possible.

2.8.3 A Listed Entity must ensure that information required to be Disclosed under these Rules

is disseminated to the market through the Regulator’s disclosure platform.

2.8.4 A Listed Entity must take reasonable care to ensure that information required to be notified to the Regulator or Disclosed under these Rules is not false, misleading, or deceptive and does not omit anything likely to affect the significance of such information.

Notification of documents sent to Shareholders

2.8.5

If a Listed Entity provides any material document to the Shareholders of its Listed Securities, it must Disclose that it has done so as soon as possible in accordance with Rule 7.7.1.

Confidential

28

MKT VER09.020125

Guidance

The Regulator would consider that a document has been made available to the public if, following its Disclosure, the document is available on the Listed Entity's website or on the website of the Recognised Investment Exchange on which its Securities are admitted to trading.

Contact details

2.8.6 A Reporting Listed Entity must ensure that the Regulator is provided with up to date contact details of appropriate persons nominated by it to act as the first point of contact with the Regulator in relation to the Listed Entity's compliance with the Rules and FSMR, as applicable.

Guidance

The Regulator would expect a Reporting Entity's contact in Rule 2.8.6 to be of sufficient seniority and influence given the nature of the information which such Person would be dealing with and the importance of the role in maintaining the Listed Entity's compliance with the Rules and FSMR.

3.

LISTED FUNDS

3.1

Application

3.1.1 This chapter applies to:

(1)

every Reporting Entity of a Listed Fund; and

(2)

any other Person specified in these Rules.

3.2

General requirements

3.2.1 A Person may have the Units of a Fund admitted to an Official List only if:

(1)

in the case of a Domestic Fund, it is a Public Fund; and

(2)

in the case of a Foreign Fund:

(a)

it is a regulated Fund from a Recognised Jurisdiction; or

(b)

it is a Fund approved by the Regulator as a Fund subject to equivalent regulation as that applying to a Public Fund; and

(3)

it is intended to be a Property Fund, it is closed ended and 60% or more of the Fund's assets comprise Real Property.

3.2.2 Where an obligation applies to a Reporting Entity of a Fund under a provision of this chapter, except where expressly provided otherwise, the Governing Body of the Listed Fund must ensure compliance with that obligation.

Confidential

29

MKT VER09.020125

3.3

Prospectus requirements relating to a Listed Fund

Guidance

1.

The Prospectus requirements including content and structure in chapter 4 of this Rulebook do not apply to Prospectuses relating to Units of Funds. Prospectus requirements that apply to an Offer of Units of Funds are found in the Fund Rules. Section 57(1) of FSMR disapplies chapter 4 of this Rulebook to Fund Prospectuses.

2.

However a Prospectus is required for the purposes of admitting any Financial Instruments, including Units, to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange, as these fall within the definition of "Securities" for the purposes of Part 6 of FSMR. The Rules in this Rule 3.3 are designed to enable a Person seeking to have Units of a Fund admitted to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange to be able to use a Prospectus prepared in accordance with the requirements in the Fund Rules if it is a Domestic Fund. In the case of Foreign Funds, the Offer documents or admission to trading documents prepared in accordance with the requirements in a foreign jurisdiction will be acceptable in the circumstances prescribed in this section.

3.3.1

(1)

A Person intending to have Units admitted to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange must, subject to (2),