1)(b), a Financial Intermediary should undertake a review of the Prospectus to ensure that it does not contain any false, misleading, or deceptive information or omissions that would be reasonably apparent to a Financial Intermediary assessing and analysing the Prospectus.

2.

The Financial Intermediary and the Issuer of the Securities may be able to rely on the defences and other incidents applying to actions for breach of statutory duty against any action brought against that Person for a breach of the requirements relating to the applicable Prospectus requirements.

4.7

Offer documents or admission to trading documents from other jurisdictions

4.7.1

(1)

The Regulator may, subject to (2), approve an Offer document or admission to trading document produced under legislation in a jurisdiction other than ADGM for the purposes of meeting the Prospectus requirements in this chapter where:

(a)

it is satisfied that the:

(i)

Offer document or admission to trading document contains information equivalent to that which is required for a Prospectus in this chapter; and

(ii)

Offeror and/or Issuer meets all the other requirements relating to a Prospectus Offer as prescribed in these Rules; or

(b)

the other jurisdiction provides a level of regulation relating to the Offer or the admission to trading which is acceptable to the Regulator.

(2)

The Regulator may, subject to (3), approve an Offer document or admission to trading document referred to in (1) in accordance with the requirements and

Confidential

51

MKT VER09.020125

procedures set out in this Rule and, subject to such conditions or restrictions imposed by the Regulator as it sees fit.

(3)

An application for approval of an Offer document or admission to trading document produced in accordance with the legislation in a jurisdiction other than ADGM must:

(a)

be made using such form as the Regulator shall prescribe;

(b)

be accompanied by the relevant fee prescribed in FEES; and

(c)

include:

(i)

a copy of the Offer document or admission to trading document;

(ii)

where the Offer document or admission to trading document referred to in (1) is not in the English language, an English translation acceptable to the Regulator; and

(iii)

a clear statement that it is an Offer document or admission to trading document prepared in accordance with the requirements applicable in the relevant jurisdiction and not in ADGM.

(4)

The application in (3) must be submitted to the Regulator at least 20 Business Days prior to the intended date on which the Applicant intends the Offer document or admission to trading document to be approved. Where the application in (3) relates to a Debenture or Sukuk Offer, the application must be made at the earliest practicable point prior to approval being required, and the Regulator will provide its comments or approval within 20 Business Days.

(5)

An Offer document or admission to trading document referred to in (1) is an Approved Prospectus for the purposes of section 61(2)(a) of FSMR where it has been approved by the Regulator in accordance with the requirements in this Rule.

(6)

The procedures in Part 6 of FSMR apply to a decision of the Regulator under this Rule not to approve an Offer document or admission to trading document or to impose conditions or restrictions on an approval.

Guidance

1.

A Person considering filing an Offer document or admission to trading document pursuant to Rule 4.7.1 should approach the Regulator at the earliest opportunity to discuss how to proceed as the Regulator may need to undertake the assessment required under Rule 4.7.1 on a casebycase basis.

2.

A Person intending to apply to the Regulator for approval of an Offer document or admission to trading document pursuant to Rule 4.7.1(3) should consider submitting a draft Offer document or admission to trading document for preliminary review by the Regulator prior to formally submitting the Offer document or admission to trading document for the Regulator's approval.

Confidential

52

MKT VER09.020125

4.7.2

(1)

Once an Offer document or admission to trading document referred to in Rule 4.7.1 has been approved in accordance with 4.7.1(2), it must be made available to the public:

(a)

as soon as reasonably practicable; and

(b)

in the form approved by