 FSMR for any loss in respect of any Securities caused by any statement or omission as is mentioned in that section if:

(a)

before the Securities were acquired by any Person, a correction or, where the statement was such as is mentioned in (2)(c), the fact that the Expert was not competent or had not consented to the inclusion of the statement attributed to that Expert in the Prospectus had been published in a manner designed to bring to the attention of Persons likely to acquire the Securities in question; or

(b)

he took all such steps as it was reasonable for him to take to secure such publication and believed on reasonable grounds that such a publication had taken place before the Securities were acquired.

(5)

A Person does not incur any liability under section 70(1) of FSMR for any loss resulting from a statement made by a public official or contained in an official

Confidential

57

MKT VER09.020125

public document which is included in the Prospectus if the statement is accurately and fairly reproduced.

(6)

A Person does not incur any liability under section 70(1) of FSMR if the Person incurring the loss acquired the Securities in question with knowledge:

(a)

that the statement was false, misleading, or deceptive;

(b)

of the omitted matter or of the change; or

(c)

of the new matter or inaccuracy.

4.12 Advertisements

4.12.1 (1)

A Person who makes a Prospectus Offer must not, and must ensure that any agent of that Person or a member of its Group or other Persons associated or connected with the Prospectus Offer do not, during the Offer Period, make an advertisement relating to a Prospectus Offer unless the advertisement:

(a)

states that a Prospectus has been approved by the Regulator and published or is to be published; and

(b)

gives an address from which a Prospectus is or will be made available in ADGM or provides a link to a website from which the Prospectus can be accessed.

(2)

Where a Person making a Prospectus Offer uses a Prospectus that comprises multiple documents as provided in Rule 4.5.1(1), the obligation to give or provide access to a Prospectus in (b) means giving or providing access to all the documents comprising the Prospectus.

Guidance

The requirements relating to advertisements in Rule 4.12.1 do not apply, due to the definitional exclusion provided in section 59 of FSMR, to any communication:

a.

made in connection with the trading of Securities on a Recognised Investment Exchange or Regulated Exchange;

b.

made for the purposes of complying with the on-going reporting requirements of a Recognised Investment Exchange or the Regulator; or

c.

which is an Exempt Communication as defined in Rule 4.2.1.

4.13 Miscellaneous

4.13.1 The Regulator may require a Prospectus Offer to be underwritten by an underwriter

acceptable to the Regulator.

Confidential

58

MKT VER09.020125

4.13.2 If one or more Directors of an Issuer are offering Shares they hold in the Issuer as part of a Prospectus Offer, an Issuer must ensure that the Prospectus contains a prominent statement of:

(1)

the identity of each Director offering his Shares; and

(2)

the number of Shares such a Director is offering, and the proportion of the Issuer's Share capital represented by the holding of that Director.

4.13.3 (1)

The Regulator may, during the Offer Period or such other longer period as specified, impose a requirement that the monies held by a Person making a Prospectus Offer or his agent pursuant to the Prospectus Offer or issuance are held in an escrow account for a specified period and on specified terms.

(2)

The Regulator may also require the appointment of a paying agent during the Offer period.

Guidance

See also Rule 9.4 which contains additional restrictions relating to dealings by Restricted Persons which may apply to executive Directors.

4.14 Retail Debentures or Sukuk

4.14.1 A Person may only make a Prospectus Offer of a Retail Debenture or Sukuk where:

(1)

the Issuer of the Retail Debenture or Sukuk has applied for its admission to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange; and