 of the holders of the Listed Entity’s Ordinary Securities under Rule 9.5.3 (Related Party Transaction).

(14)

A grant of Warrants or other rights to acquire Equity Securities under an Employee Incentive Scheme, where the Equity Securities to be acquired on the exercise of the Warrants, or in satisfaction of the rights, are required by the terms of the scheme to be purchased on-market.

Confidential

110

MKT VER09.020125

(15)

An issue of Securities under an agreement to issue Securities, where the Listed Entity must have entered into the agreement:

(a)

before its Securities were admitted to the Official List, and disclosed the existence and material terms of the Convertible Securities in its Approved Prospectus or documents lodged with the Regulator under Rule 2.4.4; or

(b)

after its Securities were admitted to the Official List, and complied with the Rules when it did so.

Guidance

In the case of (a) above, the issue must have been approved under Rule 9.7.1.

(16)

An agreement to issue Equity Securities that is conditional on the holders of the Listed Entity’s Ordinary Securities approving the issue under Rule 9.7.1 before the issue is made. If a Listed Entity relies on this exception, it must not issue the Equity Securities without such approval.

Subsequent approval of an issue of Securities

9.7.5 An issue of, or agreement to issue, Securities made without approval under Rule 9.7.1 is

treated as having been made with approval for the purposes of Rule 9.7.1 if:

(1)

the issue or agreement did not exceed the limit in Rule 9.7.1;

(2)

the holders of the Listed Entity’s Ordinary Securities subsequently approve it; and

(3)

the Securities are issued within three months of the date of the approval.

9.7.6 Where Shareholders approve an agreement to issue Securities under Rule 9.7.5, the Securities must be issued within three months of that approval or the approval will lapse.

Guidance

If the approval under Rule 9.7.5 lapses, the Securities can no longer be counted as Securities issued with approval under Rule 9.7.5 for the purposes of Rule 9.7.1 above, and instead are to be counted within Relevant Issues under Rule 9.7.1.

10.

ACCOUNTING PERIODS, FINANCIAL REPORTS AND AUDITING

Guidance

1.

Section 78 of FSMR provides that a Reporting Entity shall prepare and file with the Regulator an annual financial report in accordance with the requirements prescribed in these Rules.

2.

Section 79 of FSMR provides that a Reporting Entity shall prepare and file with the Regulator:

a.

a semi-annual financial report; and

Confidential

111

MKT VER09.020125

b.

any other financial statements as are required by the Regulator, in the circumstances prescribed by Rules.

10.1 Application

10.1.1 This section applies to every Reporting Entity.

Guidance

Rule 3.9 contains the linked requirements relating to accounting periods and financial reporting in respect of Listed Funds.

Financial reporting standards

10.1.2 (1)

A Reporting Entity must prepare financial statements for each financial year of the Reporting Entity.

(2)

A Reporting Entity must prepare and maintain all financial statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) or other financial reporting standards acceptable to the Regulator.

Accounting periods

10.1.3 (1)

A Reporting Entity must not change its accounting reference date as specified in its most recent Prospectus unless it has obtained the prior approval of the Regulator in accordance with the requirements in (2).

(2)

A Reporting Entity that proposes to change its accounting reference date must:

(a)

notify the Regulator of its proposal at least 28 Business Days prior to making such a change; and

(b)

obtain the Regulator's prior approval for the proposed change.

Preliminary statement of annual financial results

10.1.3A (1)

A Reporting Entity must immediately Disclose a preliminary statement of annual financial results following Board approval, unless it is otherwise required to comply with Rule 10.1.3B. The preliminary statement of annual financial results must:

(a)

be presented in the