 Entity; and

(b)

each individual Director who is a member of such a Board.

Confidential

92

MKT VER09.020125

Guidance

1.

Where a Person referred to in Rule 9.3.1 is required under any legislation applicable to such a Person to comply with a similar or more stringent requirement than the requirements in this section, compliance with those other requirements would be sufficient for the purposes of the relevant requirement in this section.

2.

For example, in the case of a reduction of Share capital, more stringent procedures such as a special resolution (i.e. a vote of at least 75% of the Shareholders in voting) may be required under the company law or other legislation applicable to a Listed Entity in its jurisdiction of incorporation. Where this is the case, compliance with the more stringent requirements applicable to the Listed Entity suffices for the purposes of compliance with the requirements in this section dealing with a Shareholder approval by simple majority in Rule 9.3.8.

3.

The Regulator will expect a Person referred to in Rule 9.3.1 to consider references to a “Shareholder” in this section to refer equally to holders of all classes of Securities as may be applicable in the context of the Listed Entity. For example, in a situation where holders of Debentures are to be asked to vote on a variation of rights or terms, the Regulator will expect a Person referred to in Rule 9.3.1 to give due consideration to the requirements of Rules 9.3.6 and 9.3.7 as if it referred to the relevant Debenture holders.

Directors' duties

9.3.2 A Director of a Listed Entity must act:

(1)

on a fully informed basis;

(2)

in good faith;

(3)

honestly;

(4)

with due diligence and care; and

(5)

in the best interests of the Listed Entity and its Shareholders.

Guidance

In order to meet the obligation to act with due diligence and care, a Director should (amongst other things) ensure that he has enough time and capacity available to devote to the job. See also the best practice standards in APP 4 which apply to Directors of Listed Entities who are subject to the Corporate Governance Principles.

Equality of treatment

9.3.3 Subject to Rules 9.3.14 to 9.3.17, the Board of a Listed Entity must ensure equality of treatment of all holders of Securities of a particular class or type in respect of all rights attaching to the Securities of that class or type of Securities.

Confidential

93

MKT VER09.020125

Guidance

For the Rules relating to Weighted Voting Rights, refer to Rules 9.3.14 to 9.3.20. These set out the circumstances where a Listed Entity can potentially deviate from the “one-share, one-vote” principle established by this Rule.

Reduction of Share capital

9.3.4 The Board of a Listed Entity must ensure that a Listed Entity does not purchase its own

Shares unless:

(1)

the purchase does not materially prejudice the Listed Entity's ability to pay its creditors as they fall due;

(2)

it has obtained prior approval of Shareholders in meeting by a majority vote; and

(3)

prior to the meeting seeking the consent referred to in (2), the notice of the meeting and any accompanying documents relating to the purchase is filed with the Regulator.

9.3.5

[Deleted]

Communications with Shareholders

9.3.6

(1)

The Board of a Listed Entity must ensure that all the necessary information and facilities are available to its Shareholders to enable them to exercise the rights attaching to their Shares on a well-informed basis.

(2)

Without limiting the generality of the obligation in (1), the Board must ensure that the Shareholders:

(a)

are provided with the necessary information relating to the matters to be determined at meetings to enable them to exercise their right to vote, including the proxy forms and notice of meetings; and

(b)

have access to any relevant notices or circulars giving information in relation to the rights attaching to the Securities.

Guidance

In adhering to its obligations in (2)(b), the Board of a Listed Entity incorporated in ADGM must comply with the time periods for giving such