 the majority of the voting rights in, or the right to appoint or remove the majority of the Board of, the Reporting Entity or any Person who has similar control over the first Person, including an ultimate Controller of the first Person.

(3)

For the purposes of determining whether a Person has control for the purposes of (1), any Securities held by that Person and his Associates, including those in which that Person or Associate of the Person has a beneficial interest, are deemed as his Securities except where;

(a)

any such Securities are held by that Person on behalf of another Person who is not an Associate of that Person; or

(b)

the Person does not have control over the voting rights attaching to the Securities because some other Person manages those Securities on a discretionary basis.

Events that trigger a Disclosure

3.6.2 A Person who is a Connected Person of a Listed Fund pursuant to Rule 3.6.1 must make

the Disclosure within five Business Days of:

(1)

becoming or ceasing to be a member of the Governing Body of a Listed Fund or a Director or a Person involved in the Senior Management of the Reporting Entity of a Fund or of a Controller of the Reporting Entity of the Fund or of the Trustee of the Fund;

(2)

acquiring or ceasing to hold either alone or with an Associate of the Person 5% of the voting rights attaching to the Units of the Fund or of the Trustee of the Fund or a Controller of the Reporting Entity of the Fund or the Trustee of the Fund; or

(3)

an increase or decrease of at least 1% of the level of interest previously reported pursuant to paragraph (2) of this Rule 3.6.2.

Content and procedure of the Disclosure

3.6.3 A Disclosure made by a Connected Person must contain the:

(1)

name and address of the Connected Person;

(2)

name and address of the Reporting Entity and its registered address;

(3)

name and registered address of the Listed Fund;

(4)

date on which the event giving rise to the obligation to make a Disclosure occurred;

Confidential

35

MKT VER09.020125

(5)

date on which the filing was made; and

(6)

price, amount and class of Securities or other investments as is relevant in relation to the transaction or other event and the previous and new level of interest held.

3.6.4 Upon a Connected Person making a Disclosure to the Reporting Entity, the Reporting Entity must, as soon as possible, make a Disclosure of that information in accordance with Rule 7.7.1.

3.7

Disclosure of notifiable interests

Application

3.7.1 This section applies to every member of the Governing Body of a Listed Fund.

Guidance

1.

Persons with a notifiable interest in the Reporting Entity or Listed Fund are required to make a Disclosure relating to that interest in accordance with the requirements prescribed in this Section.

2.

In the case of a Listed Fund, the Reporting Entity is the Fund Manager, unless another Person has been declared by the Regulator as the Reporting Entity of the Fund. However, as the Governing Body of a Listed Fund may include other Persons who exercise powers similar to those that are exercised by Directors of the Fund Manager, the obligations relating to disclosure of notifiable interests extend, in the case of a Listed Fund, to members of its Governing Body.

Definition of a notifiable interest

3.7.2 A member of the Governing Body of a Listed Fund has a notifiable interest in the Listed

Fund if that Person has any interest arising through:

(1)

the direct or indirect ownership of, or beneficial ownership of, Units of the Listed Fund; or

(2)

any involvement in financial or commercial arrangement with or relating to the Listed Fund.

Content and procedures relating to the notice

3.7.3

(1)

A notice relating to a notifiable interest must, subject only to (2), be given by a Person referred to in Rule 3.7.2 to the other members of the Governing Body within five Business Days of the notifiable interest arising or changing.

(2)

A Person referred to in (1) need not give a notice relating to a notifiable interest if the notifiable interest is required to be included in a report that Person must provide by virtue of being a Connected Person