entures admitted to the Official List.

4.

Therefore, any reference to a Reporting Entity in MKT should be read in the context applicable to a particular Listed Entity and any associated entities.

Application to Listed Funds

5.

Where Units of a Fund are admitted to the Official List, such a Fund is a Listed Fund. A reference to a Reporting Entity in relation to a Listed Fund is a reference to the Fund Manager of that Fund, unless another person has been declared by the Regulator as the Reporting Entity of the Fund.

6.

Accordingly, any obligations of a Reporting Entity of a Listed Fund are, unless the context requires otherwise, obligations imposed on the Reporting Entity in respect of the Listed Fund. Therefore, the obligations imposed by FSMR and these Rules apply to the Governing Body of the Reporting Entity and to every member of the Governing Body in the manner specified in Rules 1.1.2 and 1.1.3.

Waivers and modifications

7.

The Regulator may, pursuant to section 58(2) of FSMR, waive or modify the application of the provisions in FSMR concerning making an Offer of Securities in ADGM or the admission of Securities to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange where it considers appropriate or desirable in the interests of ADGM to do so and, in accordance with the procedures set out in paragraph 8 below.

8.

Generally, the Regulator will exercise the section 58(2) FSMR power sparingly and only in circumstances where there is a clearly demonstrated case for granting a waiver or modification of FSMR, such as:

Confidential

2

MKT VER09.020125

a.

to alleviate any undue regulatory burden on a Person in complying with the requirements in FSMR in circumstances where investor protection intended by the relevant provisions is not reduced; or

b.

to apply to a Person upon request (i.e. on a consent basis) the provisions of FSMR which, without a modification, will not apply to that Person. For example, an Exempt Offeror (i.e. a Person such as a government or government instrumentality included in the ADGM's Exempt Offeror List in APP 5) who is not subject to the Prospectus disclosure and the liability regime in FSMR and these Rules may apply to the Regulator for a modification to section 61 of FSMR so that it can make a Prospectus Offer of its Securities in accordance with the relevant Prospectus disclosure and liability regime in FSMR and these Rules.

9.

The Regulator also has the power, pursuant to section 9 of FSMR, to waive or modify these Rules. The Guidance and Policies Manual (GPM) gives further information on how to seek a waiver or modification.

1.2

Overview of the Rulebook

Guidance

Listing Rules – chapter 2

1.

Chapter 2 sets out the Listing Rules of the Regulator.

Listed funds – chapter 3

2.

Chapter 3 contains, with the exception of the requirements in chapters 2 (Listing Rules), 5 (Sponsors and Compliance Advisers), 7 (Continuous Disclosure) and 8 (Systems and Controls), all the requirements applicable to a Reporting Entity of a Listed Fund. These requirements, whilst mirroring, and in many cases referring directly to, the requirements applicable to other Reporting Entities, have been otherwise tailored to take account of the characteristics of Funds. These include:

a.

general requirements applicable to Listed Funds;

b.

Prospectus requirements for the purposes of having Units of a Fund admitted to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange; and

c.

governance requirements applicable to Listed Funds.

Offer of Securities – chapter 4

3.

Chapter 4 contains the:

a.

requirements applicable to a Person who:

i.

makes an Offer of Securities (other than in respect of Units, which are covered by the Prospectus and other requirements in the Fund Rules); or

Confidential

3

MKT VER09.020125

ii.

applies to have Securities admitted to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange (other than the admission to trading of Units, which is governed by the requirements in chapter 3);

b.

types of Exempt Offers (i.e. Securities which can be offered without a Prospectus), Exempt Securities (i.e. Securities which can be admitted to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange without a Prospectus) and Ex