 the Official List wherever the context requires.

Appointment of Sponsors

5.1.2

(1)

Pursuant to section 83 of FSMR, the Regulator may, where it considers it appropriate to do so, require an Issuer or applicant seeking Securities to be admitted to the Official List, as applicable, to:

(a)

appoint a Sponsor on each occasion that it submits to the Regulator an Application for admission of Securities to the Official List; or

(b)

provide third party certification in respect of any specific matters relating to the application for admission of Securities to the Official List.

(2)

Where the Regulator requires a Sponsor to be appointed pursuant to (1)(a), the Regulator must:

(a)

do so in sufficient time to enable the Sponsor to comply with the requirements in this Chapter; and

(b)

require such appointment to be effective for the Offer Period (in relation to a Prospectus Offer document) or such other period relevant to the in Rule 5.1.2(1)(a), as the Regulator determines as application appropriate.

Guidance

1.

The Regulator may require the appointment of a Sponsor as appropriate to the circumstances of an Issuer and any Securities it seeks to be admitted to the Official List.

2.

Generally, the matters in relation to which the Regulator may require third party certification pursuant to Rule 5.1.2(1)(b) include matters relating to the adequacy of working capital and systems and controls in place for continuous disclosure or financial reporting by the Issuer seeking admission of its Securities to the Official List. Such certification should be provided by a third party acceptable to the Regulator. To be acceptable to the Regulator, the third-party should be independent of the Issuer and have relevant expertise relating to the matters on which certification of compliance is to be provided.

3.

In any event, the Sponsor must make certain inquiries and assume certain obligations under these Rules. A Sponsor should therefore be a Person familiar with the requirements of FSMR and the Rules and who has the necessary

Confidential

64

MKT VER09.020125

knowledge, experience, qualifications and resources to assist the Issuer to comply with the various requirements.

Procedures relating to appointment of Sponsors

5.1.3

(1)

A Person required to appoint a Sponsor must, prior to appointing a Sponsor:

(a)

take reasonable steps to ensure that the proposed Sponsor has the required knowledge, experience, qualifications and resources to carry out its obligations under these Rules; and

(b)

notify the Regulator of the proposed Sponsor's name, its business address and an address in ADGM for the service of documents.

(2)

A Person required to appoint a Sponsor must provide the Regulator with information about the knowledge, experience, qualifications and resources of a proposed Sponsor.

5.1.4

(1)

A Person must take reasonable steps to ensure that the relevant Sponsor and Employees of the Sponsor are independent of the Person and have appropriately managed any conflict of interest that may arise.

(2)

A Person must notify the Regulator if it becomes aware, or has reason to believe, that the Sponsor or relevant Employees of the Sponsor are no longer independent of the Person or have a conflict of interest which has not been appropriately managed.

5.1.5 Where, in the opinion of the Regulator, a Sponsor appointed by a Person is not suitable, or where a Sponsor has resigned, the Regulator may direct the Person to replace or appoint a Sponsor.

Obligations of a Sponsor

5.1.6 A Sponsor appointed pursuant to Rule 5.1.2 must:

(1)

provide assurance to the Regulator that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, having made due and careful enquiry, the Issuer (as an applicant for its Securities to be admitted to the Official List) has satisfied all applicable conditions within the Listing Rules and any other relevant requirements under FSMR and these Rules;

(2)

provide to the Regulator any explanation or confirmation in such form and within such time limit as the Regulator may require for the purpose of verifying that the Issuer and its Securities comply, or has complied, with the Listing Rules or any other applicable requirements in FSMR and these Rules;

(3)

provide guidance to the Issuer in relation to the applicable requirements under the Listing Rules, FSMR and these Rules; and

(4)

take such