 in respect of Units, which are covered by the Prospectus and other requirements in the Fund Rules); or

Confidential

3

MKT VER09.020125

ii.

applies to have Securities admitted to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange (other than the admission to trading of Units, which is governed by the requirements in chapter 3);

b.

types of Exempt Offers (i.e. Securities which can be offered without a Prospectus), Exempt Securities (i.e. Securities which can be admitted to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange without a Prospectus) and Exempt Communications (i.e. communications relating to Securities which are not Offers of Securities);

c.

requirements and procedures relating to the approval of a Prospectus by the Regulator;

d.

requirements and procedures relating to the structure and content of a Prospectus including:

i.

when material may be incorporated into a Prospectus by reference; and

ii.

liability for the content of a Prospectus including the liability of Experts and other Persons whose reports or opinions are included in a Prospectus with their consent for such inclusion;

e.

circumstances in which the Regulator may approve an Offer document or admission to trading document prepared in accordance with the legislation applicable in a jurisdiction other than ADGM as sufficient for the purposes of meeting the Prospectus requirements in FSMR and these Rules;

f.

circumstances in which a Person may make an Offer of Retail Debentures or Sukuk; and

g.

requirements relating to granting of ADGM Green and Sustainability- Linked Bond and Sukuk Designations.

Sponsors and compliance advisers – chapter 5

4.

The Regulator has the discretion to require the appointment of a Sponsor, compliance adviser or other expert adviser by, as applicable, an Issuer or Reporting Entity, including that of a Listed Fund. Chapter 5 contains the requirements relating to the appointment of such Sponsors, compliance advisers and other expert advisers, and the obligations that apply to such Persons and the, as applicable, Issuer or Reporting Entity where such Sponsors or compliance advisers are appointed.

Market Abuse, Price Stabilisation and Buy-back Programmes – chapter 6

5.

Chapter 6 sets out the Regulator's provisions on Market Abuse, as outlined within FSMR, the Price Stabilisation Rules and the procedures for Buy-back Programmes.

Confidential

4

MKT VER09.020125

Continuous Disclosure – chapter 7

6.

Every Reporting Entity is required to make Disclosure of certain types of information either relating to the Securities of a Listed Entity or the Listed Entity itself. Such Disclosure is designed to ensure that the markets are continually updated with information that is likely to have an impact on the price of the Securities so that investors can make an informed judgement about those Securities. For this purpose, chapter 7 requires Disclosure of Inside Information, with carve-outs for non-disclosure of commercially sensitive information for a limited period, as well as Disclosures of interests held by Persons in positions of control or influence relating to a Listed Entity (such as Controllers and their associates, called "Connected Persons"), and the Disclosure of Directors' notifiable interests in the Listed Entity. The means by which Disclosure of the information required to be achieved are also specified in this chapter. Additionally, the conditions enabling a Listed Entity to request a temporary Trading Halt from making a Disclosure of Inside information are covered in this chapter.

Systems and controls – chapter 8

7.

Chapter 8 sets out the systems and controls a Reporting Entity, including the Reporting Entity of a Listed Fund, must have in order to be able to comply with the requirements applicable to that Person.

Governance of Reporting Entities – chapter 9

8.

Chapter 9 covers a wide range of Corporate Governance requirements applicable to Reporting Entities including:

a.

seven high-level Corporate Governance Principles, with best practice standards relating to those principles which apply on a "comply or explain" basis and which are set out in APP 4;

b.

Directors' duties, including acting in good faith and applying due diligence and care in the discharge of their duties and functions;

c.

provisions to ensure fair treatment of Shareholders in the conduct of affairs of the Company, such as provisions relating to communication with Shareholders;

d.

provisions relating to new issues of Equity Securities, Restricted Securities, the reduction of Share capital and a list of matters that require approval by a majority of Shareholders voting; and