 notice to the relevant Applicant or Listed Entity.

Entry into Restriction Agreements and Application of Restriction

9.6.2 Unless the Regulator decides otherwise, the restrictions in categories 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 8 and

9 of APP 8 do not apply in relation to a Listed Entity that:

(1)

qualifies for admission to the Official List pursuant to Rule 2.3.15;

(2)

has a track record of profitability or revenue acceptable to the Regulator; or

Confidential

102

MKT VER09.020125

(3)

in the opinion of the Regulator, has tangible assets with a readily ascertainable value which constitute a substantial proportion of the total value of its assets.

9.6.3 An Applicant or Listed Entity which has issued or intends to issue Restricted Securities, or has them on issue, must enter into a Restriction Agreement with the Security Holder and each Controller.

9.6.4 A Restriction Agreement must be prepared and, once executed, submitted to the Regulator, in accordance with MKT Form 9-1, or as otherwise required by the Regulator.

9.6.5 Subject to Rule 9.6.2, a Listed Entity which has issued or intends to issue Restricted Securities, must apply the restriction in APP 8 or such other restrictions as the Regulator, in its discretion, decides.

9.6.6 During a Restriction Period, a Listed Entity, Security Holder or Controller subject to a

Restriction Agreement must not:

(1)

amend an executed Restriction Agreement; or

(2)

ask for or agree to the release of a holding lock that has been imposed in accordance with Rule 9.6.9.

9.6.7 A Controller need not be a party to the Restriction Agreement referred to in Rule 9.6.2 if

any of the following applies.

(1)

The value of the Restricted Security is less than 10% of the total value of the assets of:

(a)

the holder of the Restricted Securities; or

(b)

an intermediate entity through which the Controller has its interests.

(2)

The holder, or an intermediate entity through which the Controller has its interests, is:

(a)

a Listed Entity, or an entity listed on exchange that is a full member of the World Federation of Exchanges; or

(b)

a trustee, custodian or nominee.

(3)

The holder is a Person whose Securities are Restricted Securities due to the application of category 2, 4 or 6 of APP 8.

Guidance

The definition of Restricted Securities includes Securities the Regulator decides are Restricted Securities in accordance with Rule 9.6.1(3).

Confidential

103

MKT VER09.020125

Timing and Enforcement

9.6.8 A Listed Entity must provide to the Regulator copies of all executed Restriction Agreements it has in place in relation to its Restricted Securities before any Person obtains the Restricted Securities, or any rights in relation to them are issued, transferred to or received by the intended Security Holder or Controller. This Rule does not prevent a Person from obtaining the right to receive Restricted Securities on the condition that a Restriction Agreement is entered into.

9.6.9 A Listed Entity must obtain, and submit to the Regulator, within two Business Days after the issue of Restricted Securities, an undertaking from a bank, trustee, custodian, Recognised Body, CSD or other entity deemed suitable by the Regulator, to place a holding lock on the Restricted Securities held by it, and not to release the holding lock without the Regulator’s prior written consent.

9.6.10 A Listed Entity must comply with, and enforce, a Restriction Agreement and its

constitution, to ensure compliance with the requirements for Restricted Securities.

Guidance

Listed Entities are to ensure that provisions within their constitution (see Rule 2.3.1) allow for the enforcement of Restriction Agreements.

Regulator’s consent to sale of Restricted Securities in a Takeover or Merger

9.6.11 The Regulator may consent to a party that is managing a holding lock in accordance with Rule 9.6.9 releasing the holding lock, to enable holders of Restricted Securities to accept an offer, or transfer or cancel Securities, under a Takeover.

9.