 the Convertible Securities:

(a)

before its Securities were admitted to the Official List, and disclosed the existence and material terms of the Convertible Securities in its Approved Prospectus or documents lodged with the Regulator under Rule 2.4.4; or

(b)

after its Securities were admitted to the Official List, and complied with the Rules when it did so.

Guidance

A Warrant is a Convertible Security for the purposes of this Rule.

(9)

An issue of Securities under an agreement to Underwrite the shortfall on an exercise of Warrants. This is only available where:

(a)

The Listed Entity issued the Warrants:

(i)

before its Securities were admitted to the Official List, and disclosed the existence and material terms of the Convertible Securities in its Approved Prospectus or documents lodged with the Regulator under Rule 2.4.4; or

(ii)

after its Securities were admitted to the Official List, and complied with the Rules when it did so;

(b)

Details of the Underwriting agreement are Disclosed prior to the expiry of the Warrants; and

(c)

The underlying Securities are issued within 15 Business Days after the expiry of the Warrants.

(10)

An issue of Preference Securities, in the form of Shares, which do not have any rights of conversion into another class of Equity Security. These Preference Securities must comply with Rules 9.3.9 to 9.3.13.

(11)

The reissue or sale of forfeited Shares within six weeks after the day on which the call was due and payable.

(12)

An issue of Securities under an Employee Incentive Scheme if within three years before the issue date:

Confidential

109

MKT VER09.020125

(a)

in the case of a scheme established before the Listed Entity’s Securities were admitted to the Official List – a summary of the terms of the scheme and the maximum number of Equity Securities proposed to be issued under the scheme were set out in in its Approved Prospectus or documents lodged with the Regulator under Rule 2.4.4; or

(b)

the holders of the Listed Entity’s Ordinary Securities have approved the issue of Equity Securities under the scheme as an exception to Rule 9.7.1. The notice of meeting must have included:

(i)

a summary of the terms of the scheme;

(ii)

the number of Securities issued under the scheme since the Listed Entity’s Securities were admitted to the Official List, or the date of the last approval under this Rule; and

(iii)

the maximum number of Equity Securities proposed to be issued under the scheme following the approval.

Guidance

1.

Exception (12) is only available if, and to the extent that, the number of Equity Securities issued under the scheme does not exceed the maximum number set out in the Listed Entity’s Approved Prospectus (in the case of (12)(a) above), or in the notice of meeting (in the case of (12)(b) above).

2.

Exception (12) ceases to be available if there is a material change to the terms of the scheme from those set out in the Listed Entity’s Approved Prospectus (in the case of (12)(a) above), or in the notice of meeting (in the case of (12)(b) above).

3.

Employee Incentive Schemes that allow:

a.

participating employees or non-executive directors to elect to have Equity Securities issued to, or held for the benefit of, a relative or an entity controlled by them or a relative (such as a private company or family trust);

b.

for the participation of consultants and contractors; or

c.

only one employee or non-executive Director to participate;

are still considered as Employee Incentive Schemes.

(13)

An issue of Securities made with the approval of the holders of the Listed Entity’s Ordinary Securities under Rule 9.5.3 (Related Party Transaction).

(14)

A grant of Warrants or other rights to acquire Equity Securities under an Employee Incentive Scheme, where the Equity Securities to be acquired on the exercise of the Warrants, or in satisfaction of the rights, are required by the terms of the scheme to be purchased on-market.

Confidential

110

MKT VER09.020125

(15)

An issue of Securities under an agreement to issue Securities, where the Listed Entity must have entered into the agreement:

