 standards relating to those principles which apply on a "comply or explain" basis and which are set out in APP 4;

b.

Directors' duties, including acting in good faith and applying due diligence and care in the discharge of their duties and functions;

c.

provisions to ensure fair treatment of Shareholders in the conduct of affairs of the Company, such as provisions relating to communication with Shareholders;

d.

provisions relating to new issues of Equity Securities, Restricted Securities, the reduction of Share capital and a list of matters that require approval by a majority of Shareholders voting; and

e.

provisions to address conflicts of interest. For example individuals involved in the Senior Management of the Reporting Entity (such as executive Directors and other senior executives, called "Restricted Persons"), are prohibited from dealing in the Securities of the Reporting Entity during "Close Periods", unless prior clearance for those dealings is obtained. Similarly, Persons who qualify as Related Parties of the

Confidential

5

MKT VER09.020125

Reporting Entity are prohibited into commercial transactions with the Reporting Entity unless certain requirements are followed.

from entering

Accounting periods, financial reports and auditing – chapter 10

9.

Every Reporting Entity is required to prepare and file certain annual, semi-annual and other periodic financial reports relating to the financial position of the relevant Listed Entity. Such reports are required to be prepared in accordance with the specified internationally accepted accounting standards and, in the case of annual financial reports, required to be audited. The requirements relating to the preparation and audit of the financial statements and the Disclosure of such reports within specified periods are set out in chapter 10.

Mining and Petroleum Reporting Entities – chapters 11 and 12

10.

Chapters 11 and 12 set out the additional Disclosure requirements relevant to Mining Exploration Reporting Entities, Mining Production Reporting Entities, Petroleum Exploration Reporting Entities and Petroleum Production Reporting Entities.

1.3

General

1.3.1 A reference in this Rulebook to:

(1)

"this Rulebook", is a reference to this MKT Rulebook; and

(2)

"Rules", except where otherwise provided, is a reference to the Rules in this Rulebook.

1.3.2 Where a Reporting Entity is referred to in this Rulebook as a Reporting Entity in respect of a specified class of Securities, it is a reference to a Person that has become a Reporting Entity by way of such Person as an Issuer or a Listed Entity:

(1)

making an Offer of Securities;

(2)

having Securities admitted to the Official List; or

(3)

having Securities admitted to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange;

of that particular specified class of Securities.

1.4

Interpreting the Rulebook

Guidance

Interpretation

1.

Every provision in the Rulebook must be interpreted in the light of its purpose. The purpose of any provision is to be gathered first and foremost from the text of the provision in question and its context among other relevant provisions.

Confidential

6

MKT VER09.020125

2.

When this section refers to a provision, this means every type of provision, including Rules and Guidance.

3.

Where reference is made in the Rulebook to another provision of the Rulebook or other ADGM legislation, it is a reference to that provision as amended from time to time.

4.

Unless the contrary intention appears:

a.

words in the Rulebook importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender and words importing the feminine gender include the masculine; and

b.

words in the Rulebook in the singular include the plural and words in the plural include the singular.

5.

If a provision in the Rulebook refers to a communication, notice, agreement, or other document "in writing" then, unless the contrary intention appears, it means in legible form and capable of being reproduced on paper, irrespective of the medium used. Expressions related to writing must be interpreted accordingly.

6.

Any reference to "dollars" or "$" is a reference to United States Dollars unless the contrary intention appears.

7.

Unless stated otherwise, a day means a calendar day. If an obligation falls on a calendar day which is either a Saturday or Sunday or an official State holiday in ADGM, the obligation must take place on the next calendar day which is a Business Day.

Defined terms

8.

Defined terms are identified throughout the Rulebook by the capitalisation of the