ulator will generally provide the Applicant with a notice of

Confidential

8

MKT VER09.020125

admission to the Official List on condition of a successful admission to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange within a specified period. This notice of admission can be provided to the relevant Recognised Investment Exchange when seeking admission to trading on the Recognised Investment Exchange. At all relevant times the Regulator expects to be in contact with the relevant Recognised Investment Exchange on which the Securities are to be admitted to trading.

6.

The Regulator will maintain the Official List on the ADGM website.

7.

A Person who wishes to make a complaint about a Listed Entity should use the complaints portal on the ADGM website.

2.2

The Listing Principles

Guidance

1.

The purpose of the Listing Principles is to ensure that Listed Entities pay due regard to the fundamental role played by them in maintaining market confidence and ensuring a fair, informed and orderly market.

2.

The Listing Principles are designed to assist Listed Entities in identifying their obligations and responsibilities under the Listing Rules.

3.

The Listing Principles apply in addition to the Corporate Governance Principles in chapter 9 which apply to all Reporting Entities.

4.

These Listing Principles apply to Listed Entities and/or Reporting Entities as applicable.

Principle 1

2.2.1 A Listed Entity must take reasonable steps to ensure that its Senior Management and any other relevant Employees understand and comply with their responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules.

Principle 2

2.2.2 A Listed Entity must take reasonable steps to establish and maintain adequate policies, procedures, systems and controls to enable it to comply with its obligations under the Listing Rules.

Principle 3

2.2.3 A Listed Entity must act with integrity towards holders and potential holders of its Listed

Securities.

Confidential

9

MKT VER09.020125

Principle 4

2.2.4 A Listed Entity must communicate information to holders and potential holders of its Listed Securities in such a way as to avoid the creation or continuation of a false market in such Listed Securities.

Principle 5

2.2.5 A Listed Entity must deal with the Regulator in an open and co-operative manner.

Principle 6

2.2.6 A Listed Entity must ensure that it treats all holders of the same class of its Listed

Securities equally in respect of the rights attaching to such Listed Securities.

Principle 7

2.2.7 The structure and operations of a Listed Entity must be appropriate for it.

Principle 8

2.2.8 A Listed Entity must ensure that the terms that apply to each class of Securities are

appropriate and fair, taking into account voting and other rights.

2.3

General eligibility requirements

Incorporation

2.3.1 An Applicant must be duly incorporated or otherwise validly established according to the relevant laws of its place of incorporation or establishment and be operating in conformity with its constitution.

Audited financial statements

2.3.2 An Applicant must have published or filed audited accounts which:

(1)

cover a prior period of three years or any other, shorter period acceptable to the Regulator;

(2)

are consolidated for the Applicant and any of its subsidiary undertakings;

(3)

have been prepared in accordance with IFRS or other standards acceptable to the Regulator; and

(4)

have been audited and reported on by auditors in accordance with auditing standards of the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB) or other standards acceptable to the Regulator.

Guidance

1.

The Regulator may modify or waive Rule 2.3.2 if it is satisfied that is desirable in the interests of investors and that investors have the necessary information

Confidential

10

MKT VER09.020125

available to arrive at an informed judgement about the Issuer and the Shares for which an admission to the Official List is sought.

2.

The Regulator would accept a shorter period than three years depending on the nature of the Applicant's business and any other material considerations, for example, where the Issuer has been in operation for less than three years, or where the Applicant is a Mining Exploration Reporting Entity or Petroleum Exploration Reporting Entity and is seeking admission under Rule 2.3.16 (assets eligibility test).

Working capital

2.3.3 An Applicant seeking admission