 VER09.020125

available to arrive at an informed judgement about the Issuer and the Shares for which an admission to the Official List is sought.

2.

The Regulator would accept a shorter period than three years depending on the nature of the Applicant's business and any other material considerations, for example, where the Issuer has been in operation for less than three years, or where the Applicant is a Mining Exploration Reporting Entity or Petroleum Exploration Reporting Entity and is seeking admission under Rule 2.3.16 (assets eligibility test).

Working capital

2.3.3 An Applicant seeking admission of Shares to the Official List must satisfy the Regulator that it and any Subsidiaries have sufficient working capital available for its present requirements or, if not, how it proposes to provide the additional working capital needed.

Guidance

1.

For the purposes of Rule 2.3.3, the Regulator considers "present requirements" to be sufficient for projected normal operations for a period of 12 months from the date of admission to the Official List.

2.

Furthermore, the Regulator considers that for the purpose of this Rule, the working capital amount should be net of:

a.

the costs of any capital raising; and

b.

in the case of Mining Exploration Reporting Entities and Petroleum Exploration Reporting Entities, the first full year’s budgeted

i.

administration costs;

ii.

Directors’ fees; and

iii.

costs of acquiring plant, equipment, Mining Tenements and/or Petroleum Tenements, or an option over relevant Mining Tenements or Petroleum Tenements.

3.

Rule 1.4 of A1.2.2 requires the Directors of an Issuer in its Prospectus to make a statement that it has sufficient working capital for its present requirements (i.e. a "clean" working capital statement). If an Applicant is unable to make a clean working capital statement, the Applicant would need to make a statement that it does not have sufficient working capital and explain how additional working capital will be provided.

General suitability

2.3.4

(1)

An Applicant must demonstrate to the Regulator's satisfaction that it and its business are suitable for admission to the Official List.

Confidential

11

MKT VER09.020125

(2)

In satisfying itself that an Applicant and its business are suitable for admission to the Official List, the Regulator will consider:

(a)

the Applicant's connection with its controlling Shareholders or any other Person;

(b)

whether in the Regulator's reasonable opinion the Applicant is ready and able to comply with its obligations under FSMR and these Rules;

(c)

any matter in relation to the Applicant, its business or Securities which may harm the integrity or the reputation of the ADGM Financial System or which may pose a risk to the Regulator's objectives described under section 1 of FSMR; and

(d)

any other matters relevant to the Applicant's suitability.

Guidance

The Regulator would generally not admit to the Official List a cash shell.

Management experience and expertise

2.3.5 An Applicant must demonstrate to the Regulator's satisfaction that its Directors have appropriate experience and expertise in the business operations of the Applicant.

Controlling Shareholder

2.3.6

(1)

Subject to (2), to be admitted to the Official List, an Applicant which has one or more controlling Shareholders must be able to demonstrate to the Regulator that it can operate its business independently of such controlling Shareholder and any Associate thereof.

(2)

The requirement in (1) does not apply if an Applicant can demonstrate to the Regulator's satisfaction that holders of the Issuer's Shares would have no appreciable risk of prejudice by the involvement in the relevant business of a controlling Shareholder.

(3)

For the purposes of this chapter, a controlling Shareholder is any Person, or Persons acting jointly by agreement, whether formal or otherwise, who is:

(a)

entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, 30% or more of the voting rights at a general meeting of the Applicant; or

(b)

able to control the appointment of one or more Directors who are able to exercise a majority of the votes at Board meetings of the Applicant.

Guidance

The Regulator considers that for an Applicant to operate its business independently of a controlling Shareholder all transactions and relationships between the Listed Entity and

Confidential

12

MKT VER09.020125

any