 dismisses its compliance adviser, the Reporting Entity must advise the Regulator in writing without delay of the dismissal, giving details of all relevant facts and circumstances.

5.2.10 Where a compliance adviser resigns, the Reporting Entity must without delay advise the Regulator in writing of the resignation, giving details of all relevant facts and circumstances.

6.

MARKET ABUSE, PRICE STABILISATION AND BUY-BACK PROGRAMMES

6.1 Market Abuse

Application of the Code of Market Conduct

6.1.1

(1)

The Code of Market Conduct ("CMC") is issued as Guidance to the Market Abuse provisions in Part 8 of FSMR.

(2)

The CMC applies to Persons in respect of conduct that occurs in ADGM or elsewhere, however it only applies to conduct that occurs outside ADGM if the conduct affects ADGM markets or users of ADGM markets.

Guidance

1.

The CMC is intended to prevent Market Abuse by providing further clarity about what activities the Regulator might regard as constituting Market Abuse under FSMR.

2.

The CMC applies to Persons to whom Part 8 of FSMR applies, that is, it applies to Persons generally whether individuals or bodies corporate and whether or not regulated.

3.

Examples in the CMC are not intended to be exhaustive. There may be other circumstances in which conduct may contravene the Market Abuse provisions.

6.2

Price Stabilisation and Buy-back Programmes

6.2.1 Subject matter

The remainder of this chapter sets out the conditions to be met by Buy-back Programmes and the Price Stabilisation of Relevant Securities in order to benefit from the exemption to Market Abuse provided for in sections 93(3)(a) and (b) of FSMR, respectively.

Confidential

69

MKT VER09.020125

6.2.2 Definitions

Deleted.

6.2.3 Objectives of Buy-back Programmes

In order to benefit from the exemption provided for in FSMR, a Buy-back Programme must comply with Rules 6.2.4, 6.2.5 and 6.2.6 of this chapter and the sole purpose of that Buy- back programme must be to reduce the capital of an Issuer or Listed Entity (in value or in number of Shares) or to meet obligations arising from either of the following:

(1)

Debentures or Sukuk exchangeable into Equity Securities; and

(2)

Employee Incentive Schemes or other allocations of Shares to Employees of the Issuer or of an associate Company.

6.2.4 Conditions for, and Disclosure of, Buy-back Programmes

(1)

The Buy-back Programme must comply with the following conditions:

(a)

authorisation shall be given by a general meeting of the Listed Entity, which shall determine the terms and conditions of such acquisitions, and in particular the maximum number of Shares to be acquired, the duration of the period for which the authorisation is given which may not exceed 18 months and, in the case of an acquisition for value, the maximum and minimum consideration. Members of the administrative or management body shall be required to satisfy themselves that at the time when each authorised acquisition in subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) are respected;

is effected the conditions referred to

(b)

the nominal value or, in the absence thereof, the accountable par of the acquired Shares, including Shares previously acquired by the Listed Entity and held by it, and Shares acquired by a Person acting in his own name but on the Listed Entity's behalf, may not exceed 10% of the subscribed capital;

(c)

the acquisitions may not have the effect of reducing the net assets below an amount when on the closing date of the last financial year the net assets as set out in the Listed Entity's annual accounts are, or following such a distribution would become, lower than the amount of the subscribed capital plus those reserves which may not be distributed under applicable enactments or the statutes of the Listed Entity; and

(d)

only fully paid-up Shares may be included in the transaction.

(2)

Prior to the start of trading, full details of the programme must be Disclosed. Those details must include the objective of the programme, the maximum consideration, the maximum number of Shares to be acquired and the duration of the period for which authorisation for the programme has been given. Subsequent changes