-linked principles are published and freely

available.

External review

4.15.6 A Security will be considered by the Regulator to be subject to external review if the Issuer

appoints one or more external review providers to:

(1)

assess through a pre-issuance external review the alignment of the Security with the requirements of the relevant Qualifying Green Debenture Principles or Qualifying Sustainability-Linked Debenture Principles; and

(2)

verify on a regular basis post-issuance the Security’s performance against applicable criteria outlined in the Qualifying Green Debenture Principles or Qualifying Sustainability-Linked Debenture Principles. Such verification must occur at least annually.

Guidance

1. Prior to the appointment of an external review provider under Rule 4.15.6 an Issuer should take reasonable steps to ensure that the external review provider:

a. has the required skills, resources and experience to undertake the review; and

b. is independent of, and not subject to, any conflict of interest with respect to the

Issuer.

2. When arranging for an external review under Rule 4.15.6, an Issuer should take into consideration the ICMA Guidelines for Green, Social and Sustainability Debentures Reviews.

Application for ADGM Green Bond Designation and ADGM Sustainability-Linked Bond Designation

4.15.7 A Security should not be promoted as an ADGM Green Debenture or an ADGM Sustainability-Linked Debenture by any Person unless the Issuer has applied for and been granted an ADGM Green Bond Designation or ADGM Sustainability-Linked Bond Designation, as applicable, for the Security from the Regulator.

4.15.8 The application must be in such form as the Regulator may prescribe and must be

accompanied by:

(1)

information on the Qualifying Green Debenture Principles or Qualifying Sustainability-Linked Principles which the Issuer intends the Security to comply with;

(2)

certification by the Issuer to the effect that the Security aligns with the requirements of the Qualifying Green Debenture Principles or Qualifying Sustainability-Linked Debenture Principles identified in (1);

Confidential

61

MKT VER09.020125

(3)

information on the external review provider appointed to provide the pre-issuance external review; and

(4)

a copy of the pre-issuance external review undertaken in accordance with Rule 4.15.6(1).

4.15.9 If, at any time between the filing of an application and the grant of an ADGM Green Bond Designation or ADGM Sustainability-Linked Bond Designation, the Issuer becomes aware of any material change, error, or omission reasonably likely to be relevant to the application under consideration, it must inform the Regulator in writing of such change without delay.

4.15.10In assessing an application, the Regulator may:

(1)

make any enquiries which independent of the Issuer; or

it considers appropriate,

including enquiries

(2)

require the Issuer to provide further information.

4.15.11Upon grant of an ADGM Green Bond Designation or ADGM Sustainability-Linked Bond Designation, the Regulator will publish the name and details of the Security on a register maintained on its website.

Guidance

1. Once the Regulator has made a decision in relation to an application, it will without undue delay inform the Issuer in writing of its decision.

2. The Regulator may refuse to grant an application for an ADGM Green Bond Designation or an ADGM Sustainability-Linked Bond Designation if it is not satisfied that the requirements of this section have been met or will be met on an ongoing basis. Annual submission

4.15.12In order to retain the ADGM Green Bond Designation or ADGM Sustainability-Linked Bond Designation, an Issuer must submit a copy of the post-issuance external review conducted under Rule 4.15.6(2) to the Regulator as soon as reasonably practicable following completion of the review.

Withdrawal of approval

4.15.13The Regulator may withdraw an ADGM Green Bond Designation or ADGM Sustainability-

Linked Bond Designation:

(1)

on its own initiative, if it appears to the Regulator that:

(a)

the Securities are not in compliance with, or unlikely to