. The chairman of the nomination committee should be an independent nonexecutive Director.

35.

The mandate, composition and working procedures of the nomination committee should be well defined. The nomination committee should make available on the website of the Reporting Entity its written terms of reference explaining its role and the authority delegated to it by the Board.

36.

The nomination committee should evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge, independence and experience on the Board and, in the light of this evaluation, prepare a description of the role and capabilities required for a particular appointment.

Confidential

224

MKT VER09.020125

37.

A separate section of the annual report of the Reporting Entity should describe the work of the nomination committee, including the process it has used in relation to Board appointments. An explanation should be given if neither an external consultancy nor an open advertising process has been used in the appointment of the chairman or a nonexecutive Director of the Board.

Secretary of the Reporting Entity

38.

The responsibilities of the Reporting Entity's secretary should clearly include, under the direction of the chairman, ensuring good information flows within the Board and its committees and between Senior Management and nonexecutive Directors, as well as facilitating induction and assisting with professional development of Board members as required. The secretary should also be responsible for ensuring that Board procedures are fully complied with, and advising the Board through the chairman on all governance matters.

39.

Both the appointment and removal of the secretary of the Reporting Entity should be a matter for the Board as a whole.

Information and support

40.

All Directors should have access to accurate, timely and clear information relating to the business and affairs of the Reporting Entity to enable them to discharge their duties, taking due account of the roles undertaken by such members. The chairman is responsible for ensuring that the Directors receive such information. Senior Management has an obligation to provide such information, but Directors should seek clarification or amplification where necessary. All Directors should also have access to the advice and services of the secretary of the Reporting Entity, as he is responsible to the Board for ensuring compliance with the Board procedures.

41.

The Board should ensure that Directors, especially non-executive Directors, have access to independent professional advice at the Reporting Entity's expense where necessary to enable them to discharge their respective roles and responsibilities. Committees of the Board should also be provided with sufficient resources including information to carry out their role and responsibilities effectively.

Performance evaluation

42.

The Board should undertake a formal and rigorous evaluation of its own performance and that of its committees and individual Directors at least annually.

43.

The chairman of the Board should act on the results of the performance evaluation by recognising the strengths and addressing the weaknesses of the Board and making any changes to the composition of the Board as required.

44.

The Board should state in the annual report how performance evaluation of the Board, its committees and its individual Directors has been conducted.

Confidential

225

MKT VER09.020125

Principle 4 – Risk management and internal control systems

Rule 9.2.6

"The Board must ensure that the Reporting Entity has an adequate, effective, well-defined and well-integrated risk management, internal control and compliance framework."

45.

The Board should, at least annually, conduct a review of the effectiveness of the Reporting Entity's risk management, internal control and compliance framework and should report to the Shareholders that it has done so. The review should cover all aspects of material controls, including management, financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management systems. The Board may satisfy this requirement by instructing an external auditor to undertake the review and report to it on its outcome. They should satisfy themselves on the integrity of financial information and that financial controls and systems of risk management are robust and effective.

46.

The Board should establish formal and transparent arrangements for considering how it should apply the financial reporting and internal control systems, and for maintaining an appropriate relationship with its auditors.

47.

The Board should establish policies and procedures for the identification and oversight and management of material business risks and disclose a summary of those policies and procedures in its annual report. The Board should also ensure that Senior Management implements the requisite risk management and internal control systems to manage material risks.

Audit committee

48.

The Board should establish and maintain an audit committee to monitor and review the Reporting Entity's internal audit function and other internal controls. The main roles and responsibilities of the audit committee should be set out in written terms of reference, be available on the