

(c)

a full description of the event, activity or transaction proposed or effected as the case may be.

Confidential

As soon as possible.

As soon as possible.

Without delay.

212

MKT VER09.020125

4.

DISCLOSURE RELATING TO UNITS OF THE LISTED FUND

4.1

Any decision:

(a)

to declare, recommend or pay any dividend not previously Disclosed;

(b)

to make any other distribution on the Units; or

(c)

not to declare, recommend or pay any dividend which would otherwise have been expected to have been declared, recommended or paid in the normal course of events.

4.2

Any decision made in regard to:

(a)

any change in the general character or nature of the Listed Fund;

(b)

any change in the redemption of all or any of the Units of the Listed Fund;

(c)

any change to its published investment policies or objectives, investment restrictions or borrowing restrictions;

(d)

any change in the way in which net asset value or issue and redemption prices are calculated, or in the frequency of calculation of the net asset value;

Disclosure of the decision, including the rate and amount of and record date for the dividend or other distribution or the grounds for the decision in relation to non-payment.

Disclosure of the decision and all relevant details relating to the decision.

Confidential

As soon as possible and in any event no later than five Business Days prior to the record date or the date of expected distribution.

As soon as possible.

213

MKT VER09.020125

(e)

any change in the manner in which the management fees payable by the Listed Fund are calculated;

(f)

any changes in the trustee, custodian or prime broker(s), Investment Manager, Adviser, Fund Administrator or auditor;

(g)

any changes in the control of the trustee, custodian or prime broker(s), Investment Manager or Adviser;

(h)

any change in the tax status of the Listed Fund;

(i)

any suspension in the calculation of net asset value or of redemptions; or

(j)

details of any repurchase, drawing or redemption by the Listed Fund or any of its subsidiaries of the Listed Fund's Listed Securities, unless the purchases are made pursuant to the requirements in the Listing Rules on purchase of own Shares.

4.3

Admission to listing or trading of the same class of Units on a Regulated Exchange.

4.4

Any other disclosure required to be made pursuant to the requirements in the Regulated Exchange arising from the listing or trading of the same class of Units on that exchange where such disclosure is not made in ADGM.

Disclosure of all the relevant details relating to the admission to listing or trading.

Disclosure of the information required to be disclosed to the Regulated Exchange.

Confidential

As soon as possible.

As soon as such disclosure is made on the Regulated Exchange.

214

MKT VER09.020125

4.5

Any change of the Trustee, custodian or depositary in relation to the Listed Fund.

Disclosure of the details relating to the new Trustee, custodian or depository and any implication/effect of this change.

4.6

Proposed and new issues of Units.

Disclosure of the class, number, date of issue, and consideration received for the issue of the Units and details of changes in the capital.

5.

DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS

5.1

The requirement to disclose interests held by a Connected Person pursuant to section 76 of FSMR.

Disclosure of the information set out in Rule 3.6.3.

5.2

The requirement to give a notice of a Director's notifiable interests.

Disclosure of the information set out in Rule 3.7.3(3).

6.

FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE LISTED FUND

6.1

The preparation and approval of annual and interim financial reports.

Disclosure of the annual and interim financial report prepared in accordance with the requirement in Rule 3.9.2.

6.2

Any change to the accounting reference date.

Disclosure of the previous and new accounting reference date, and reasons for the change.

Confidential

As soon as possible.

As soon as possible.

As soon as possible.

As soon as possible.

In the case of a Domestic Fund in accordance with Rule 10.1.8 and in the case of a Foreign Fund the earlier of the period allowed