 and for maintaining an appropriate relationship with its auditors.

47.

The Board should establish policies and procedures for the identification and oversight and management of material business risks and disclose a summary of those policies and procedures in its annual report. The Board should also ensure that Senior Management implements the requisite risk management and internal control systems to manage material risks.

Audit committee

48.

The Board should establish and maintain an audit committee to monitor and review the Reporting Entity's internal audit function and other internal controls. The main roles and responsibilities of the audit committee should be set out in written terms of reference, be available on the website of the Reporting Entity and include at least the following:

a.

monitoring the integrity of the financial statements of the Reporting Entity and any Disclosures relating to the Reporting Entity 's financial performance and reviewing significant financial reporting judgements contained in them;

b.

reviewing the Reporting Entity's internal financial controls and, unless expressly addressed by a separate risk committee of the Board or the Board itself, internal controls and risk management systems;

c.

monitoring and reviewing the effectiveness of the Reporting Entity's internal audit function;

d.

making recommendations to the Board in respect of the appointment, reappointment, including remuneration, of the external auditor;

removal and

terms of engagement,

e.

reviewing and monitoring the external auditor's independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process;

Confidential

226

MKT VER09.020125

f.

developing and implementing policy on the engagement of the external auditor to supply nonaudit services; and

g.

reviewing the adequacy of arrangements by which staff of the Reporting Entity may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters to ensure that arrangements are in place for the proportionate and independent investigation of such matters and for appropriate followup action.

49.

The Board should appoint at least two independent nonexecutive Directors to the audit committee. At least one of the independent nonexecutive Directors appointed to the audit committee should have recent and relevant financial expertise. The chair of the audit committee should be an independent nonexecutive Director.

50.

A separate section of the annual report should describe the work of the audit committee in discharging its responsibilities. The annual report should also explain to Shareholders how, if the auditor provides nonaudit services, auditor objectivity and independence is safeguarded.

Principle 5 – Shareholder rights and effective dialogue

Rule 9.2.7

"The Board must ensure that the rights of Shareholders are properly safeguarded through appropriate measures that enable the Shareholders to exercise their rights effectively, promote effective dialogue with Shareholders and other key stakeholders as appropriate, and prevent any abuse or oppression of minority Shareholders."

51.

The Board as a whole has responsibility for ensuring that a satisfactory dialogue with Shareholders takes place. Such dialogue should be based on the mutual understanding of objectives and provision of adequate information relating to the Reporting Entity including financial information, and how the business and affairs of the Reporting Entity are carried out.

52.

The Board should hold a general meeting of Shareholders at least annually.

53.

The Board should use the annual general meeting to communicate with Shareholders on important aspects of the Reporting Entity's business and affairs and encourage their participation. Shareholders should have the opportunity to ask questions of the Board, to place items on the agenda of general meetings and to propose resolutions.

54.

At any general meeting, the Reporting Entity should propose a separate resolution on each substantial separate issue, and should in particular propose a resolution at the annual general meeting relating to the report and accounts. For each resolution, proxy appointment forms should provide Shareholders with the option to direct their proxy to vote either for or against the resolution or to withhold their vote.

55.

The chairman should arrange for the chairs of the audit, remuneration, and nomination committees to be available to answer questions at the annual general meeting and for all Directors to attend either in person or by electronic means.

Confidential

227

MKT VER09.020125

56. Whilst recognising that most Shareholder contact is with the chief executive and finance Director, the chairman and other Directors, including nonexecutive Directors as appropriate, should maintain sufficient contact with major Shareholders to understand their issues and concerns. The Board should keep in touch with Shareholder opinion using means which are most practical and efficient taking into account the nature, scale and complexity of its operations and the nature of