 the Reporting Entity required in fulfilling their role both on the Board and its committees. All Directors should have appropriate knowledge of the Reporting Entity and should be provided with adequate access to its operations and staff to carry out their respective responsibilities.

28.

The Reporting Entity should provide the necessary resources for developing and updating its Directors' knowledge and capabilities. The chairman should regularly review and agree with each Director their training and development needs.

Executive and non-executive Directors

29.

The Board should include a balance of executive and nonexecutive Directors (including independent nonexecutive Directors). No individual or small group of individuals should be able to dominate the Board's decision making. At least one third of the Board should comprise nonexecutive Directors, of which at least two nonexecutive Directors should be independent.

30.

The Board should consider a non-executive Director to be "independent" if that Director meets, upon an assessment, objective criteria of independence set by the Board. Such independence criteria should encompass independence in character and judgement of the individual by having no commercial or other relationships or circumstances which are likely to affect or could appear to impair his judgement in a manner other than in the best interests of the Reporting Entity. In making the assessment of independence against such criteria, the Board should consider matters such as whether the Person:

a.

has already served as a member of the Board for a significant period;

b.

has been an Employee of the Reporting Entity or a member of the Group within the last five years;

c.

has or has had, within the last three years, a material business relationship with the Reporting Entity, either directly or as a Partner, Shareholder, Director or senior Employee of another body that has such a relationship with the Reporting Entity;

d.

receives or has received, in the last three years, additional remuneration or payments from the Reporting Entity apart from a Director's fee, or the Reporting Entity's Share option, or a participates

in

Confidential

223

MKT VER09.020125

performancerelated pay scheme, or is a member of the Reporting Entity's pension scheme;

e.

is or has been a Director, Partner or Employee of a firm which is the Reporting Entity's external auditor;

f.

has close family ties with any of the Reporting Entity's advisers, Directors or senior Employees;

g.

holds cross Directorships or has significant links with other Directors through involvement in other Companies or bodies; or

h.

represents a significant Shareholder.

31.

The terms and conditions of appointment of nonexecutive Directors should be made available for inspection by any Person at the Reporting Entity's registered office during normal business hours. The letter of appointment should set out the expected time commitment. Nonexecutive Directors should undertake that they will have sufficient time to meet what is expected of them. Their other significant commitments should be disclosed to the Board before appointment, with a broad indication of the time involved. The Board should be notified of subsequent changes.

32.

The annual report of the Reporting Entity should identify each nonexecutive Director it considers to be independent, and the chairman and members of each of the Board committees. It should also state the relevant skills and expertise which each Director brings to the Board and set out the number of meetings of each of the committees and individual attendance by Directors.

33.

As part of their role as members of the Board, nonexecutive Directors should constructively challenge and help develop proposals on business objectives and strategies for achieving those objectives. Nonexecutive Directors should scrutinise the performance of Senior Management against agreed goals and objectives and monitor the reporting of their performance.

Nomination committee

34.

The Board should establish and maintain a nomination committee to lead the process for appointments and make recommendations to the Board relating to the appointment of Board members and the Senior Management. A majority of members of the nomination committee should be independent nonexecutive Directors. The chairman of the nomination committee should be an independent nonexecutive Director.

35.

The mandate, composition and working procedures of the nomination committee should be well defined. The nomination committee should make available on the website of the Reporting Entity its written terms of reference explaining its role and the authority delegated to it by the Board.

36.

The nomination committee should evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge, independence and experience on the Board and, in the light of this evaluation, prepare a description of the role and capabilities required for a particular appointment.

Confidential

224

MKT VER09.020125