 responsibilities between the chairman and chief executive should be clearly established, set out in writing and agreed to by the Board.

18.

The chairman should be responsible for providing leadership of the Board, ensuring its effectiveness in all aspects of the Board's role and setting its agenda.

19.

Except where the positions of the chairman of the Board and the chief executive are held by the same individual, the chairman of the Board should meet the independence criteria set out in paragraph 30.

20.

The annual report of the Reporting Entity should:

Confidential

221

MKT VER09.020125

a.

identify the chairman, the deputy chairman (where there is one), the Directors and the chief executive; and

b.

include a high level statement of which types of decisions are to be taken by the Board and which are to be delegated to the Senior Management.

Principle 3 – Board composition and resources

Rule 9.2.5

"The Board and its committees must have an appropriate balance of skills, experience, independence and knowledge of the Reporting Entity's business, and adequate resources, including access to expertise as required and timely and comprehensive information relating to the affairs of the Reporting Entity."

Balance of skills and independence

21.

A major consideration that underpins the effectiveness of the Board is the availability at the Board level of the relevant skills, expertise and resources as are necessary to discharge the Board functions, taking due account of the nature, scale, diversity and complexity of the business of the Reporting Entity.

22.

It may well be that no single Director has all the knowledge, skills and expertise needed by a Board to discharge its functions. The Board should have an appropriate number and mix of individuals to ensure that there is an overall adequate level of knowledge, skills and expertise commensurate with the nature, scale and complexity of the business of the Reporting Entity.

23.

In order to ensure that the Board is equipped with the necessary skills, expertise and resources appropriate to the business of the Reporting Entity, there should be a formal, rigorous and transparent procedure for the appointment of Directors to the Board. Appointments to the Board should be made on merit and against objective criteria, with due regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board. Care should be taken to ensure that appointees have enough time available to devote to the job. This is particularly important in the case of chairmanships.

24.

All Directors should be submitted for reappointment at regular intervals, subject to continued satisfactory performance. The Board should ensure planned and progressive refreshing of the Board to ensure the ongoing effectiveness of the Board, particularly the objectivity of the decision making by the Board and maintaining the skills and expertise as relevant to the Reporting Entity's business.

25.

All Directors should be subject to election by Shareholders at the first annual general meeting after their appointment, and to reelection thereafter at intervals of no more than three years. The Board should satisfy itself that there is adequate succession planning in respect of Board membership and the Senior Management, so as to ensure an orderly and smooth changeover of positions whilst maintaining an appropriate balance of skills and experience within the Reporting Entity and on the Board.

Confidential

222

MKT VER09.020125

Chairman

26.

For the appointment of a chairman, there should be a job specification, and an objective assessment against the relevant criteria including an assessment of the time commitment expected, recognising the need for availability in the event of crises. Generally, the nomination committee should undertake this function. A chairman's other significant commitments should be disclosed to the Board before appointment and included in the annual report. Changes to such commitments should be reported to the Board as they arise, and their impact explained in the next annual report.

27.

The chairman should ensure that new Directors receive an appropriate induction on joining the Board. The chairman should ensure that the Directors continually update their skills and their knowledge and familiarity with the Reporting Entity required in fulfilling their role both on the Board and its committees. All Directors should have appropriate knowledge of the Reporting Entity and should be provided with adequate access to its operations and staff to carry out their respective responsibilities.

28.

The Reporting Entity should provide the necessary resources for developing and updating its Directors' knowledge and capabilities. The chairman should regularly review and agree with each Director their training and development needs.

Executive and non-executive Directors

29.

The Board should include a balance of executive and nonexecutive Directors (including independent nonexecutive Directors). No individual or small group of individuals should