.2.9

"The Board must ensure that the Reporting Entity has remuneration structures and strategies that are well aligned with the long-term interests of the entity."

Directors' remuneration

64.

Levels of remuneration of Directors should be sufficient to attract and retain Directors of appropriate quality, taking into account the nature, scale and complexity of the business of the Reporting Entity, and to provide effective direction and leadership to the Reporting Entity in managing its business and affairs successfully. In doing so, the Reporting Entity should avoid paying more than is necessary for this purpose.

65.

The performancerelated elements of remuneration should form an appropriate proportion of the total remuneration package of executive Directors and should be designed to promote the long term interests and viability of the Reporting Entity, to align their interests with those of Shareholders and other key stakeholders and to give these Directors appropriate incentives to perform at the highest levels.

66.

Levels of remuneration for nonexecutive Directors should reflect the time commitment and responsibilities of their respective roles and the objectivity of judgement in the decision making required by them. In considering whether to grant Share options to nonexecutive Directors, a Reporting Entity should consider whether the granting of the Share options will impair the objectivity or independence of the nonexecutive Directors' decision making.

67.

Generally, where nonexecutive Directors' remuneration includes Share options, rights resulting from the exercise of Share options should be subject to appropriate retention and vesting periods, generally until at least one year after the nonexecutive Director leaves the Board.

68.

There should be a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on executive remuneration and for fixing remuneration packages of individual Directors. No Director should decide his own remuneration, and ideally, all Directors' remuneration should be subject to recommendations of any internal

Confidential

229

MKT VER09.020125

remuneration committee, and otherwise upon the advice of an external consultant.

Remuneration committee

69.

The Board should establish and maintain a remuneration committee to assess the remuneration of Directors (including the chairman). The remuneration committee should comprise at least three members, with a majority of those members being independent nonexecutive Directors. The chair of the committee should be an independent nonexecutive Director. In addition, the chairman of the Board may also be a member but not the chair of the committee.

70.

The remuneration committee should have delegated responsibility for setting remuneration for all executive Directors and the chairman. The committee should also recommend and monitor the level and structure of remuneration for the Senior Management and other key control functionaries such as the risk or compliance officers and auditors, to ensure that the independence and objectivity of the decision making by such control functionaries is not compromised or impaired by their remuneration structure. An important consideration that should be taken into account in setting remuneration of key control functionaries of the Reporting Entity is that their remuneration is not substantially linked to the profits generated by business or trading units whose activities are subject to monitoring and oversight by those functionaries.

71.

The mandate, composition and working procedures of the remuneration committee should be well defined. The remuneration committee should make available on the website of the Reporting Entity its written terms of reference explaining its role and the authority delegated to it by the Board.

72.

The remuneration committee should also be responsible for appointing any external consultants in respect of executive Directors' remuneration. Where external consultants are appointed, a statement should be made available of whether they have any other connection with the Reporting Entity.

73.

The Board itself, or where required by the articles of association or other constitutional documents, the Shareholders, should determine the remuneration of the nonexecutive Directors.

74.

The annual report of the Reporting Entity should contain sufficient information relating to the overall remuneration policy and strategy of the Reporting Entity to demonstrate that the remuneration, particularly of the executive Directors and Senior Management, properly links rewards to corporate and individual performance and outcomes, and to ensure that any performancebased remuneration granted is structured in such a way so as to not induce inappropriate risk taking by such individuals.

Confidential

230

MKT VER09.020125

APP 5 LIST OF EXEMPT OFFERORS

A5.1

List of Exempt Offerors

A5