 to be available to answer questions at the annual general meeting and for all Directors to attend either in person or by electronic means.

Confidential

227

MKT VER09.020125

56. Whilst recognising that most Shareholder contact is with the chief executive and finance Director, the chairman and other Directors, including nonexecutive Directors as appropriate, should maintain sufficient contact with major Shareholders to understand their issues and concerns. The Board should keep in touch with Shareholder opinion using means which are most practical and efficient taking into account the nature, scale and complexity of its operations and the nature of its Shareholder base. The Board should use its website as a forum for the posting of information such as new strategies and a calendar for important meetings and other events. 57.

56. Whilst recognising that most Shareholder contact is with the chief executive and finance Director, the chairman and other Directors, including nonexecutive Directors as appropriate, should maintain sufficient contact with major Shareholders to understand their issues and concerns. The Board should keep in touch with Shareholder opinion using means which are most practical and efficient taking into account the nature, scale and complexity of its operations and the nature of its Shareholder base. The Board should use its website as a forum for the posting of information such as new strategies and a calendar for important meetings and other events. The chairman should ensure that the views of Shareholders are communicated to the Board as a whole. In addition, the chairman should discuss the governance and strategy of the Reporting Entity, at least with its major Shareholders. Nonexecutive Directors should be offered the opportunity to attend meetings with major Shareholders and should expect to attend such meetings, especially if requested by major Shareholders.

The Board should ensure that no steps are taken which may prevent Shareholders consulting with other Shareholders on issues concerning their basic Shareholder rights, subject to exceptions to prevent abuse. Similarly, the Board should also protect minority Shareholders from any oppressive or abusive action by controlling or major Shareholders.

Other stakeholders

59. While Shareholders of the Reporting Entity form the major stakeholder group of the Reporting Entity, the Board should also ensure that there are adequate channels of communication with its other key stakeholders as appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of its business operations, and the environment in which it operates. Such stakeholders may include Employees, creditors and business Customers of the Reporting Entity. The Board should make an assessment of the level of information that should generally be made available to the public, or to any particular group of stakeholders, relating to the affairs of the Company, and how best to make use of its website or any other channels of communication as appropriate to disseminate relevant information. Principle 6 –Position and prospects

Rule 9.2.8

"The Board must ensure that the Reporting Entity's financial and other reports present an accurate, balanced and understandable assessment of the Reporting Entity's financial position and prospects by ensuring that there are effective internal risk control and reporting requirements."

60.

The Board's responsibility to present a true, balanced and understandable assessment of its financial position and prospects should extend to interim and other pricesensitive public reports and reports to regulators as well as to information required to be presented by law.

Confidential

228

MKT VER09.020125

61.

The Directors should explain in the annual financial report their responsibility for preparing that report and accounts, and there should be a statement by the auditor about their reporting responsibilities.

62.

The Directors should include in the annual report an explanation of the basis on which the Reporting Entity generates or preserves value over the longer term (the business model) and the strategy for delivering the objectives of the Reporting Entity.

63.

The Directors should report in annual and half yearly financial statements that the business is a going concern, with supporting assumptions or qualifications as necessary.

Principle 7 – Remuneration

Rule 9.2.9

"The Board must ensure that the Reporting Entity has remuneration structures and strategies that are well aligned with the long-term interests of the entity."

Directors' remuneration

64.

Levels of remuneration of Directors should be sufficient to attract and retain Directors of appropriate quality, taking into account the nature, scale and complexity of the business of the Reporting Entity, and to provide effective direction and leadership to the Reporting Entity in managing its business and affairs successfully. In doing so, the Reporting Entity should avoid paying more than is necessary for this purpose.

65.

The performancer