 respect of Securities which carry rights of conversion or exchange into or subscription for the Securities of another Company, or are guaranteed by another Company.

REQUIREMENTS

The Listed Entity must ensure that adequate information is at all times available about the other Company and about any changes in the rights attaching to the Securities to which such rights of conversion, exchange or subscription relate. This must include the availability of the audited annual accounts of the other Company together with any interim financial statements and any other information necessary for a realistic valuation of such Securities to be made.

TIME

As soon as possible.

Confidential

P r o d u c t s

S t r u c t u r e d

S h a r e s

S h a r e s

W a r r a n t s o v e r

✓ ✓

D e b e n t u r e s

W a r r a n t s o v e r

✓

D e b e n t u r e s

Certificates U D e b e n t u r e s

n i t s

S h a r e s

✓ ✓

✓

244

MKT VER09.020125

APP 7 PRODUCT SUMMARY NOTE

A7.1

General

A7.1.1 This appendix sets out the template for the Product Summary Note for Exempt Offers of

Securities pursuant to Rule 4.3.5.

A7.1.2 The template serves as a minimum standard. Issuers shall adhere to the format (including the tabular structure), headings and sub-headings set out in the templates for their respective Securities. Additional sub-headings may be added if these are useful to enumerate points in a long section. Issuers shall include any additional key information that is important for investors to understand the Exempt Offer.

A7.1.3

Information in the Product Summary Note (including footnotes and references) shall be clearly legible and in a font size of at least 10-points.

A7.1.4 Subject to Rule 4.3.5, Issuers shall refrain from including disclaimers in relation to information disclosed in the Product Summary Note or in respect of the Product Summary Note.

A7.1.5

Issuers shall avoid producing marketing material which resembles or may otherwise be confused with a Product Summary Note.

Guidance

1.

The Product Summary Note should ideally not exceed 12 pages in length based upon an A4 paper size format, including diagrams and illustrations.

2.

Notes to guide Issuers in preparing their Product Summary Notes are presented as italicised statements in square brackets in the template. Some examples are presented for illustration. These notes and examples are not meant to be Issuers should consider and decide on the prescriptive or exhaustive. information to be disclosed in the Product Summary Note so as to highlight key information of their Exempt Offer to investors.

3.

The use of diagrams and illustrations such as graphs, charts, flowcharts and tables to present information in the Product Summary Note is encouraged.

4.

Issuers should set out information in the template in clear and simple language that investors can easily understand (i.e. in plain English) and should avoid using technical terms or acronyms in the Product Summary Note. Where technical terms or acronyms are unavoidable, Issuers should explain these technical terms in the “Definitions” section of the template.

5.

Issuers should include references to corresponding sections of the Exempt Offer document which set out additional information for investors in the right-hand column of the Product Summary Note. Issuers are encouraged to include links to online copies of the Exempt Offer document. However, key information should be clearly disclosed in the Product Summary Note and issuers should not merely make reference to information in other sources, such as the Offer document.

245

MKT VER09.020125

A7.2

Template

Prepared on: [DD/MM/YY]

NAME OF OFFER (the “Securities”)

EXAMPLE: OFFER OF [ORDINARY SHARES] IN [NAME OF ISSUER] (“the “Securities”)

Prior to making a decision to purchase the Securities, you should consider all the information contained in the Offer document carefully and whether you understand what is described in the Offer document. This Product Summary Note should be read in conjunction with the Offer document. You will be subject to various