BCBS282, April 2014).

7.1.3

In addition, applications for recognition as a Remote Investment Exchange or Remote Clearing House must contain:

(a)

the address of the Applicant's head office in its home jurisdiction;

(b)

the address of a place in ADGM for the service on the Applicant of notices or other documents required or authorised to be served on it;

(c)

information identifying any type of activity which the Applicant envisages undertaking in ADGM and the extent and nature of usage and membership;

(d)

a comparative analysis of the Applicant's regulatory requirements in its home jurisdiction compared against those under the Rules set out in this Rulebook and those contained in the “Principles for Financial Market Infrastructures” issued by IOSCO and the Committee on Payment and Settlement Systems (April 2012);

(e)

to information, evidence and explanatory material necessary the demonstrate to the Regulator that the requirements specified in Rule 7.2.2 are met;

(f)

one copy of each of the following documents:

(i)

its most recent financial statements; and

(ii)

the Applicant’s memorandum and articles of association or any similar documents; and

(g)

the date by which the Applicant wishes the Recognition Order to take effect.

7.1.4

The Regulator may require further information, including information specified in Rule 2.15.4, from the Applicant and may need to have discussions with the appropriate authorities in the Applicant's home jurisdiction.

7.1.5

All material should be supplied in English, or accompanied, if appropriate, by an accurate English translation. An English glossary of technical or statistical terms may be sufficient to accompany tables of statistical or financial information.

105

MIR VER10.290725

7.2

Recognition requirements

7.2.1

Before making a Recognition Order, the Regulator will need to be satisfied that the Remote Recognition Requirements in Rule 7.2.2 have been met.

7.2.2

Remote Recognition Requirements

A Remote Body must ensure that:

(a)

investors are afforded protection equivalent to that which they would be afforded if the body concerned were required to comply with the Recognition Requirements or MTF requirements, as applicable;

(b)

there are adequate procedures for dealing with a Person who is unable, or likely to become unable, to meet his obligations in respect of one or more Market Contracts connected with the Remote Body;

(c)

the Applicant is able and willing to co-operate with the Regulator through the sharing of information and in other ways; and

(d)

adequate arrangements exist for co-operation between the Regulator and those responsible for the supervision of the Applicant in the jurisdiction in which the Applicant's head office is situated.

7.2.3

In considering whether it is satisfied as to the requirements mentioned in Rule 7.2.2(a) and (b), the Regulator shall have regard to:

(a)

the relevant law and practice of the jurisdiction in which the Applicant's head office is situated, including with respect to a Remote Clearing House Applicant, the equivalence of such laws to those set out in chapter 3, chapter 4 of Part 12, and Part 13 of FSMR; and

(b)

the Regulatory Provisions of the Applicant.

7.3

Regulator decision on recognition

7.3.1

If the Regulator considers that the Remote Recognition Requirements are satisfied, it may make a Recognition Order, which will state the date on which it takes effect.

7.3.2

Deleted.

7.3.3

Deleted.

7.3.4

Deleted.

7.3.5

Deleted.

7.3.6

If the Regulator decides to refuse to make a Recognition Order, it will follow the procedure set out in Rule 6.9.6.

106

MIR VER10.290725

Guidance

Where the Regulator considers that it is unlikely to make a Recognition Order it may discuss its concerns with the Applicant with a view to enabling the Applicant to make changes to its Regulatory Provisions, or other parts of its application.

7.4

Supervision

7.4.1

A Remote Body shall provide the Regulator with an annual report which contains the information set out in Rule 7.4.2. In relation to the report:

(a)

the period covered by such a report starts on the day after the period