 Notice of that event; (b) the name of the Person concerned; (c) details of the disciplinary action taken by the Recognised Body; and (d) the Recognised Body's reasons for taking that disciplinary action. (a) Notice of that event; (b) the name of the appellant; (c) the grounds on which the appeal is based; and (d) the outcome of the appeal, when known.

(a) Notice of that event; and (b) full details of that evidence in writing.

89

MIR VER10.290725

Event

49. A Recognised Body decides to: (a) restrict the open position on any of the contracts of a Member; or (b) issue instructions to a Member to close out its positions on any contracts.

Timing As soon as practicable.

Default 50. A Recognised Body decides to put

a Member into default.

As close to when such a decision is taken by a Recognised Body as practicable.

Transfers of ownership 51. A Recognised Body becomes

aware of a transfer of ownership of the Recognised Body which gives rise to a change in the Persons who are in a position to exercise significant influence over the management of the Recognised Body, whether directly or indirectly.

In advance of the transfer taking place, to allow for approval under section 105 FSMR.

Significant breaches of rules and disorderly trading conditions 52. Any of the following events arise: (a) significant breaches of a Recognised Body's rules; or (b) disorderly trading conditions on any of its markets.

As soon as practicable.

Rule changes 53. A Recognised Body issues a

consultation on proposed changes to its rules or procedures.

As soon as practicable.

Information Requirement (a) Notice of that event; (b) the Member's name; (c) the nature and size of any position to be restricted or closed out; and (d) the reasons for the Recognised Body's decision.

(a) Notice of that event; (b) the name of the Member and (where relevant) the class of membership; (c) the reasons for that decision; and (d) the names of any other exchange, Clearing house or trading platform on which, to the best of that Recognised Body's knowledge, that Member clears business or transacts for, or in respect of, its Clients.

(a) Notice of that event; (b) the name of the Person(s) concerned; and (c) the details of the transfer.

(a)Notice of that event; and (b) details of the event

A copy of the consultation paper and accompanying documentation.

90

MIR VER10.290725

Event

54. Changes to a Recognised Body's rules or procedures become effective.

55. A Recognised Body issues

guidance on or a circular relating its rules or procedures. Recognised Clearing House capital 56. The amount of capital falls below

the notification threshold set out in Rule 4.2.4.

Operation of markets or MTFs/OTFs 57. A Recognised Body proposes to operate a new market (or close an existing market).

58. A Recognised Body proposes to operate a new MTF/OTF (or close an existing MTF/OTF).

Timing As soon as practicable.

As soon as practicable.

As soon as practicable.

No later than the date when the is proposal communicated to Members or shareholders

No later than the date when the proposal is communicated to Members or shareholders

Information Requirement A copy of the amended rules or procedures.

A copy of the guidance or circular.

(a) The reasons for the Recognised Clearing House's capital being below the notification threshold and a description of the short-term perspective of the Recognised Clearing House's financial situation; and (b) a comprehensive description of the measures the Recognised Clearing House intends to adopt to ensure the ongoing compliance with the capital requirements.

(a) Notice of that event; (b) in the case of a Recognised Body proposing to operate a new market, a description of the market and a description of the Financial Instruments which will be admitted to trading on that market; (c) where the Recognised Body proposes to close a market, the name of that market. (a) Notice of that event; (b) in the case of a Recognised