

MIR VER10.290725

Guidance

Where the Regulator considers that it is unlikely to make a Recognition Order it may discuss its concerns with the Applicant with a view to enabling the Applicant to make changes to its Regulatory Provisions, or other parts of its application.

7.4

Supervision

7.4.1

A Remote Body shall provide the Regulator with an annual report which contains the information set out in Rule 7.4.2. In relation to the report:

(a)

the period covered by such a report starts on the day after the period covered by its last report or, if there is no such report, after the making of the Recognition Order recognising the Remote Body as such, and ends on the date specified in the report or, if no date is specified, on the date of the report.

(b)

if a Remote Body changes the period covered by its report, it should ensure that the first day of the period covered by a report is the day immediately following the last day of the period covered by the previous report.

(c)

copies of the report should be sent to the Regulator within two months after the end of the period to which it relates.

Guidance

The period covered by the report to be submitted under Rule 7.4.1 would most conveniently be one year.

7.4.2

A Remote Body must, in the circumstances noted, notify the Regulator of the following information:

Event

1. An event occurs which is likely to affect the Regulator's assessment of whether it is satisfied that the Remote Body continues to satisfy the Remote Recognition Requirements (see Rule 7.4.3).

Timing As soon as reasonably practicable.

Information requirement Particulars of the relevant event.

2. A Remote Body amends its: (a) memorandum and articles of association or any similar or analogous documents; or (b) chairman or president, or chief executive (or equivalent).

In its next annual report (or first annual report, if not notified to the Regulator during application process).

Particulars of the change and effective date.

107

MIR VER10.290725

Event

3. Disciplinary action (or any similar or analogous action) is taken against the Remote Body by any supervisory authority in its home jurisdiction, whether or not that action has been made public in that jurisdiction.

4. Publication of annual report and accounts.

5. A Remote Body proposes to change: (a) its address in ADGM for the service of notices or other documents required or authorised to be served on it; or (b) the address of its head office.

6. A Remote Body has notice that any license, permission or authorisation which it requires to conduct any regulated activity in its home jurisdiction has been or is about to be revoked or modified in any way which would materially restrict the Remote Body in performing any regulated activity in its home jurisdiction or in ADGM.

6. A Remote Body has notice that any license, permission or authorisation which it requires to conduct any regulated activity in its home jurisdiction has been or is about to be revoked or modified in any way which would materially restrict the Remote Body in performing any regulated activity in its home jurisdiction or in ADGM.

Timing As soon as reasonably practicable.

Within fourteen days of publication or approval of the auditor, whichever is the sooner. Fourteen days before the change is effective.

Information requirement Particulars of the disciplinary action taken.

A copy of the annual report and accounts.

The new address.

(a) particulars of the license, permission or authorisation which has been or is to be revoked or modified, including particulars of the Remote Body's regulated activities to which it relates; (b) an explanation of how the revocation or modification restricts or will restrict the Remote Body in carrying on any regulated activity in its home jurisdiction or in ADGM; (c) the date on which the revocation or modification took, or will take, effect and, if it is a temporary measure, any date on which, or any conditions that must be met before which, it will cease to have effect; and (d) any reasons given for the revocation or modification.

108

MIR VER10.290725

Event

7. A Remote Body admits for the first time a Member whose head or registered office is in ADGM.

Timing As soon as practicable.

Information requirement (a) notice of that