.

including

(x)

Details of criteria, rules and arrangements for selecting Financial Instruments to be admitted to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange, or to be cleared by a Recognised Clearing House and, where relevant, details of how information regarding Financial Instruments will be disseminated to users of its facilities.

(y)

Details of arrangements for cooperating with the Regulator and other appropriate authorities, including draft memoranda of understanding or letters.

(z)

Details of the procedures and arrangements for making and amending rules, including arrangements for consulting on rule changes.

(aa)

Details of disciplinary and appeal procedures, and of the arrangements for investigating complaints.

(bb)

Any information required in accordance with directions issued by the Regulator.

32

MIR VER10.290725

(cc)

The appropriate fee.

2.15.5

The Regulator may require the Applicant to provide additional information, and may require the Applicant to verify any information in any manner. In view of their likely importance for any application, the Regulator will normally wish to arrange for its own inspection of an Applicant's information technology systems.

Timing

2.15.6

The application must be determined by the Regulator before the end of the period of six months beginning with the date on which it receives the completed application.

2.15.7

At any time after making a formal application, the Applicant may make amendments to its rules, guidance or any other part of its application submitted to the Regulator, provided that it updates its application accordingly.

2.15.8

Deleted.

Guidance

The Regulator will keep the Applicant informed of the progress of the application. It may be necessary to ask the Applicant to clarify or amplify or discuss some aspects of its proposals, and the Regulator may invite the Applicant to attend meetings for that purpose.

2.15.9

The Regulator will follow the procedure set out in Rule 6.9.6 if it does not give its approval.

33

MIR VER10.290725

3

RULES APPLICABLE TO RECOGNISED INVESTMENT EXCHANGES

3.1

Introduction

3.1.1

This chapter contains additional Recognition Requirements applicable Recognised Investment Exchanges.

3.2

Capital requirements

3.2.1

A Recognised Investment Exchange shall hold the following capital:

(a)

an amount equal to 6 months' operational expenses; plus

(b)

unless the Regulator directs otherwise, an additional buffer amount of up to a further 6 months' operating expenses.

3.2.2

For the purposes of Rule 3.2.1, operating expenses shall be considered in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

3.2.3

Recognised Investment Exchanges shall use the most recent audited information from their annual financial statement.

3.3

Fair and orderly trading

Guidance

In this section, where a reference is made to a Derivative, it should be interpreted as a single Derivative or class of Derivative, as applicable.

3.3.1

A Recognised Investment Exchange must ensure that it has transparent and non- discretionary Business Rules and procedures to provide for fair and orderly trading, and to establish objective criteria for the efficient execution of orders.

Guidance

When determining, for the purposes of Rule 3.3.1, whether it has clear and transparent Business Rules concerning the admission of Financial Instruments to trading on any Multilateral Trading Facility operated by it, a Recognised Investment Exchange should have regard to:

(a)

whether there is a sufficient range of Persons already holding the Financial Instrument (or, where relevant, the underlying asset) or interested in dealing in it to bring about adequate forces of supply and demand;

(b)

the extent to which there are any limitations on the Persons who may hold or deal in the Financial Instrument, or the amounts of the Financial Instrument which may be held; and

(c)

whether it has adequate procedures for obtaining information relevant for determining whether or not to suspend or discontinue trading in that Financial Instrument.

to

34

MIR VER10.290725

3.3.2

In order to ensure that business conducted by means of its facilities is conducted in an orderly manner (and so as to afford proper protection to investors), a Recognised Investment Exchange's Business Rules and procedures are to:

(a)

be consistent with the Rules of Market Conduct;

(b)

prohibit abusive trading practices or the