 where appropriate, the assets owned by Members of the Recognised Body and their Clients;

(i)

the frequency of reconciliation of the assets held by (or on behalf of) the Recognised Body with the accounts held with the Recognised Body by the users of its safeguarding and administration services and the extent of the arrangements for resolving a shortfall identified in any reconciliation; and

(j)

the frequency with which statements of their holdings are provided to the users of the safeguarding and administration services, to the owners of the assets held and to other appropriate Persons in accordance with the terms of the agreement by which the Recognised Body undertook to safeguard and administer those assets.

2.10.2

Rule 2.10.1 does not apply to collateral taken under title transfer arrangements.

2.11

Rules and consultation

2.11.1

A Recognised Body must ensure that appropriate procedures are adopted for it to make rules, for keeping its rules under review and for amending them. The procedures must include the arrangements for:

23

MIR VER10.290725

(a)

taking decisions about making and amending Business Rules, Clearing Rules and Default Rules, including the level at which decisions are taken and any provision for the delegation of decisions by the Governing Body;

(b)

consulting users of the Recognised Body’s facilities and having proper regard to any public comments received;

(c)

considering the impact the proposed amendment has on the interests of its Members and other stakeholders; and

(d)

notifying Members and other stakeholders of rule amendments.

2.11.2

Any amendment to a Recognised Body's Business Rules, Clearing Rules or Default Rules must, prior to the amendment being effective, be

(a)

made available for public consultation; and

(b)

approved by the Regulator.

2.11.2A

Any amendment to a Recognised Body’s guidance to its Business Rules, Clearing Rules or Default Rules must, prior to the amendment being effective, be notified to the Regulator.

2.11.3

The Regulator may dispense with the requirement in Rule 2.11.2(a) in cases of emergency, force majeure, typographical errors, minor administrative matters, or to comply with applicable laws.

2.11.4

[Deleted]

Public consultation

2.11.5

[Deleted]

2.11.6

For the purposes of Rule 2.11.2A, a Recognised Body must publish a consultation paper setting out:

(a)

the text of both the proposed amendment and the Business Rules, Clearing Rules or Default Rules that are to be amended;

(b)

the reasons for proposing the amendment; and

(c)

a reasonable consultation period, which must not be less than ten Business Days from the date of publication, within which Members and other stakeholders may provide comments. The Recognised Body must lodge with the Regulator the consultation paper no later than the time at which it is released for public consultation.

2.11.7

The Regulator may, where it considers on reasonable grounds that it is appropriate to do so, require the Recognised Body to extend its proposed period of public consultation specified in the consultation paper.

24

MIR VER10.290725

2.11.8

[Deleted]

2.11.9

Following public consultation, a Recognised Body must, to the extent it considers appropriate, discuss the comments received and any amendments made prior to publication with its Members and other stakeholders, and publish the final rules.

Review of rules

Guidance

1.

When determining whether its procedures for consulting Members and other users of its facilities are appropriate, a Recognised Body should have regard to the range of Persons to be consulted by it under those procedures. Consultation with a smaller range of Persons may be appropriate where limited, technical changes to a Recognised Body's rules are proposed. A Recognised Body's procedures may include provision to restrict consultation where it is essential to make a change to the rules without delay in order to ensure continued compliance with the Recognition Requirements or other legal obligations.

2.

When determining whether its procedures for consulting Members and other users of its facilities are appropriate, a Recognised Body should have regard to the extent to which the procedures include:

(a)

informal discussions at an early stage with users of its facilities or appropriate representative bodies;

(b)

publication to users of its facilities of a formal consultation paper which includes clearly