ing House's financial situation; and (b) a comprehensive description of the measures the Recognised Clearing House intends to adopt to ensure the ongoing compliance with the capital requirements.

(a) Notice of that event; (b) in the case of a Recognised Body proposing to operate a new market, a description of the market and a description of the Financial Instruments which will be admitted to trading on that market; (c) where the Recognised Body proposes to close a market, the name of that market. (a) Notice of that event; (b) in the case of a Recognised Body proposing to operate a new MTF/OTF, a description of the MTF/OTF and a description of the Financial Instruments which will be

91

MIR VER10.290725

Event

GEN Notifications 59. As set out in GEN 8.10.12(1), a

Recognised Body becomes aware, or has information that reasonably suggests that it has, or may have: (a) provided the Regulator with

information which was or may have been false, misleading, incomplete or inaccurate; or

(b) changed in a material

particular.

60. As set out in GEN 8.10.7, one of the following events arises in relation to its activities in or from the ADGM: (a) an Employee may have

committed a fraud against one of its Customers;

(b) a serious fraud has been committed against it;

(c) it has reason to believe that a Person is acting with intent to commit a serious fraud against it;

(d) it identifies significant

irregularities in its accounting or other records, whether or not there is evidence of fraud; or

(e) it suspects that one of its

Employees who is Connected with the Regulated Body’s activities may be guilty of serious misconduct concerning his honesty or integrity. 61. As set out in GEN 8.10.6, a

Recognised Body becomes aware, or has reasonable grounds to believe, that any of the following matters may have occurred or may be about to occur:

Timing

Immediately it becomes aware of the information.

Immediately the Recognised Body becomes aware of the event.

Immediately it becomes aware of the information.

Information Requirement admitted to trading on that MTF/OTF; (c) where the Recognised Body proposes to close an MTF/OTF, the name of that MTF/OTF.

(a) Notice of that event; (b) Details of the information;

(c) Explanation of why such information was or may have been provided; (d) The correct information.

(a) Notice and details of the

event.

(a) Notice and details of the

event.

92

MIR VER10.290725

Event (a) the Recognised Body’s failure to satisfy the fit and proper requirements of Rule 2.2.1; (b) any matter which could have a significant adverse effect on the Recognised Body’s reputation;

(c) any matter in relation to the

Recognised Body which could result in serious adverse financial consequences to the ADGM Financial System or to other Authorised Persons or Recognised Bodies;

(d) a significant breach of a Rule by the Recognised Body or any of their Employees;

(e) a breach by the Recognised

Body or any of their Employees of any requirement imposed by any applicable law;

(f) any proposed restructuring,

merger, acquisition, reorganisation or business expansion which could have a significant impact on the Recognised Body’s risk profile or resources;

(g) any significant failure in the

Recognised Body’s systems or controls, including a failure reported to the Recognised Body by its auditor;

(h) non-compliance with Rules

due to an emergency outside the Recognised Body’s control and the steps being taken by the Recognised Body.

62. As set out in GEN 8.10.8, the: (a) granting or refusal of any application for or revocation of authorisation to carry on financial services in any jurisdiction outside the ADGM; (b) granting, withdrawal or refusal

62. As set out in GEN 8.10.8, the: (a) granting or refusal of any application for or revocation of authorisation to carry on financial services in any jurisdiction outside the ADGM; (b) granting, withdrawal or refusal

of an application for, or revocation of,