 Abu Dhabi Global Market Square Al Maryah Island P.O. Box 111999 Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates

Timely notification

5.2.4

If a notification rule requires notification within a specified period:

(a)

the Recognised Body must give the notification so it will be received by the Regulator no later than the end of that period; and

(b)

if the end of that period falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the notification must be given so as to be received by the Regulator no later than the start of the first Business Day after the end of that period.

5.3

Waivers and modifications of notification rules

5.3.1

The Regulator may, on the application or with the consent of a Recognised Body, direct that any notification rule is not to apply to the body or is to apply with such modifications as it may specify. Any such waiver or modification granted by the Regulator may be made subject to conditions.

5.4

Notification requirements

5.4.1

A Recognised Body must, in the circumstances noted, notify the Regulator of the following information:

Event

Timing

Information Requirement

Key Individuals 1. A Recognised Body proposes to

appoint or elect a Person as a Key Individual.

2. A Person has resigned as, or has ceased to be, a Key Individual of the Recognised Body.

At least thirty days before appointment or election is effective. As soon as practicable.

(a) Name; (b) date of birth; and (c) description of the responsibilities in the post.

Name.

3. A major change in responsibilities of a Key Individual is made which amounts to a new appointment. Standing committees

3. A major change in responsibilities of a Key Individual is made which amounts to a new appointment. Standing committees

At least thirty days before change is effective.

78

MIR VER10.290725

Event

4. The Governing Body delegates any of its Regulatory Functions to a standing committee, or appoints a standing committee to manage or oversee the carrying out of any of that Recognised Body's Regulatory Functions.

Timing As soon as practicable.

5. There is any change in the

composition or the terms of reference of a standing committee or any such committee is dissolved.

As soon as practicable.

Disciplinary action and events relating to Key Individuals 6. Where any Key Individual:

As soon as practicable.

(a) is the subject of any disciplinary action because of concerns about his alleged misconduct; (b) resigns as a result of an investigation into his alleged misconduct; or (c) is dismissed for misconduct.

7. Any of the following has occurred in relation to a Key Individual: (a) a petition for bankruptcy is presented (or similar or analogous proceedings under the law of a jurisdiction outside ADGM are commenced);

As soon as the Recognised Body becomes aware of the relevant event.

(b) a bankruptcy order (or a similar or analogous order under the law of

Information Requirement (a) Names of the members of that standing committee; and (b) the terms of reference of that standing committee (including a description of any powers delegated to that committee and any conditions or limitations placed on the exercise of those powers). (a) Changes to the names of the members of that standing committee; and (b) changes to the terms of reference of that standing committee (including a description of any powers delegated to that committee and any conditions or limitations placed on the exercise of those powers).

(a) Name of the Key Individual and his responsibilities within the Recognised Body; (b) details of the acts or alleged acts of misconduct by that Key Individual; and (c) details of any disciplinary action which has been or is proposed to be taken by that body in relation to that Key Individual. Details of the relevant event.

79

MIR VER10.290725

Event a jurisdiction outside ADGM) is made; or (c) he enters into a voluntary arrangement (or a similar or analogous arrangement under the law of a jurisdiction outside ADGM) with his creditors. Constitution and governance 8. A Recognised Body proposes to circulate any notice or other document proposing any amendment to its memorandum or articles of association (or other similar agreement or document relating to its constitution) to its shareholders (or any group or class of them), its Members (or any group or class of them), or any other