, debt, or by means of any guarantee or other form of commitment; and

(D)

any Person with whom it has a significant contractual relationship;

(f)

the likely availability of liquid financial resources to the Recognised Body during periods of major market turbulence or other periods of major stress for the ADGM Financial System; and

(g)

in relation to a Recognised Investment Exchange, the nature and extent of the transactions concluded on the Recognised Investment Exchange.

Capital requirements

2.4.3

A Recognised Investment Exchange must, at all times, hold Capital in accordance with Rule 3.2.

2.4.4

A Recognised Clearing House must, at all times, hold Capital in accordance with Rule 4.2.

2.4.5

"Capital" means Tier 1 capital, as defined in PRU 3.9.

2.4.6

The Regulator may require a Recognised Body to hold an additional Capital buffer, which may be used only in times of market stress or financial difficulty.

Accounting information and standards

2.4.7

A Recognised Body must prepare and maintain its financial statements in accordance with chapter 6 of GEN.

2.4.8

[Deleted]

2.4.9

[Deleted]

2.5

Systems, controls and conflicts

2.5.1

A Recognised Body must ensure that the systems and controls used in the performance of its Regulatory Functions are adequate, and appropriate for the scale and nature of its business. In particular, this applies to systems and controls concerning:

(a)

the transmission of information;

8

MIR VER10.290725

(b)

the assessment, mitigation and management of risks to the performance of the Recognised Body's Regulatory Functions, including conflicts of interest;

(c)

the effecting and monitoring of transactions on the Recognised Body;

(d)

the technical operation of the Recognised Body, including contingency arrangements for disruption to its facilities;

(e)

the operation of its functions relating to the safeguards and protections to investors;

(f)

(where relevant) the safeguarding and administration of assets belonging to users of the Recognised Body's facilities; and

(g)

outsourcing.

Guidance

General

1.

When assessing whether its systems and controls in the performance of its Regulatory Functions are adequate and appropriate for the scale and nature of its business, a Recognised Body should have regard to its:

(a)

arrangements for managing, controlling and carrying out Regulatory Functions, including the:

distribution of duties and responsibilities among its Key Individuals and the departments of the Recognised Body responsible for performing its Regulatory Functions;

staffing and resources of the departments of the Recognised Body responsible for performing its Regulatory Functions;

arrangements made to enable Key Individuals to supervise the

departments for which they are responsible;

arrangements for appointing and supervising the performance

of Key Individuals (and their departments); and

arrangements by which the Governing Body is able to keep the allocation of responsibilities between, and the appointment, supervision and remuneration of, Key Individuals under review;

(b)

arrangements for the identification and management of conflicts of interest;

(c)

arrangements for internal and external audit; and

(d)

information technology systems.

its

9

MIR VER10.290725

Conflicts of interest

2.

When assessing its systems and controls in relation to conflicts of interest, a Recognised Body should have regard to the following:

(a)

A conflict of interest arises in a situation where a Person with responsibility to act in the interests of one Person may be influenced in his action by an interest or association of his own, whether Personal or business or employment related. Conflicts of interest can arise both for the Employees of Recognised Bodies and for the members (or other Persons) who may be involved in the decision- making process, for example where they belong to committees or to the Governing Body. Conflicts of interest may also arise for the Recognised Body itself as a result of its connection with another Person.

(b)

The Regulator recognises that a Recognised Body has legitimate interests of its own and that its general business policy may properly be influenced by other Persons (such as its owners). Such a connection does not necessarily imply the existence of a conflict of interest nor is it necessary to exclude individuals closely connected with other Persons (for example, those responsible for the stewardship of the owner's interests