.1

A Recognised Investment Exchanges shall, in relation to Financial Instruments traded on its systems, make public continuously throughout its normal trading hours, and submit to the Regulator, in accordance with the type of trading system they operate:

(a)

the information specified in Rule 3.5.5; and

(b)

current bid and offer prices and the depth of trading interests at those prices which are advertised through their systems.

3.5.2

[Deleted]

3.5.3

[Deleted]

3.5.4

[Deleted]

3.5.5

Information to be made public

Type of Trading System

Description of Trading System

Summary of information to be made public for each Financial Instrument

Continuous auction order book trading system

A system that by means of an order book and a trading algorithm operated without human intervention matches sell orders with matching buy orders on the basis of the best available price on a continuous basis.

The aggregate number of orders and the Financial Instruments those orders represent, at each price level, for at least the five best bid and offer price levels.

Quote-driven trading system

A system where transactions are concluded on the basis of firm quotes that are continuously made available to participants, which requires the market makers to maintain quotes in a size that balances the needs of Members and participants to deal in a commercial size and the risk to which the market maker exposes itself.

The best bid and offer by price of each market maker in that Financial Instrument, together with the volumes attaching to those prices.

The quotes made public shall be those that represent binding commitments to buy

40

MIR VER10.290725

Type of Trading System

Periodic auction trading system

Trading system not covered by first three trading systems

3.5.6

[Deleted]

Description of Trading System

A system that matches orders on the basis of a periodic auction and a trading algorithm operated without human intervention.

A hybrid system falling into two or more of the first three trading systems or a system where the price determination process is of a different nature than that applicable to the types of system covered by the first three trading systems.

Summary of information to be made public for each Financial Instrument

and sell the Financial Instruments and which indicate the price and volume of Financial Instruments in which the registered market makers are prepared to buy or sell.

In exceptional market conditions, however, indicative or one-way prices may be allowed for a limited time.

The price that would best satisfy the system’s trading algorithm and the volume that would potentially be executable at that price by participants in the system.

Adequate information as to the price level of orders or quotes for each Financial Instrument, and of the trading interest in that Financial Instrument.

In particular, the five best bid and offer price levels and/or two way quotes of each market maker in the Financial Instrument, if the characteristics of the price discovery mechanism so permit.

41

MIR VER10.290725

Waivers based on market model and type of order or transaction

3.5.7

Waivers from Rule 3.5.1 based on market model and transaction may be granted by the Regulator in respect of Financial Instruments, for any of the following:

(a)

systems matching orders based on a trading methodology by which the price of the Financial Instrument is derived from a reference price generated by another trading venue or the most relevant market in terms of liquidity, where that reference price is widely published and is regarded by Members as a reliable reference price;

(b)

systems that formalise negotiated transactions, which are:

made at, or within, the current volume weighted spread reflected on the order book or the quotes of the market makers, subject to a volume cap to be determined by the Regulator to ensure that the use of this waiver does not unduly harm price formation;

where the Financial Instrument does not fall within the meaning of a liquid market, and are dealt within a percentage of a suitable reference price, being a percentage and a reference price set in advance by the Recognised Investment Exchange; or

subject to conditions other than the current market price of that Financial Instrument, being;

A.

a transaction related to an individual Financial Instrument in a portfolio trade; or

B.

a volume weighted average price transaction.

(c)

orders that are large in scale compared with normal market size, as set out in Rule 3.5.11; or

(d)

orders held in an order management facility of the Recognised Investment Exchange pending