 circumstances:

(a)

the Recognised Body appears not to have the resources or management to be able to organise its affairs so as to satisfy one or more of the Recognition Requirements;

(b)

the Recognised Body does not appear to be willing to satisfy one or more of the Recognition Requirements;

(c)

the Recognised Body is failing or has failed to comply with a direction made by the Regulator; or

(d)

the Recognised Body has ceased to carry out activities in ADGM, or has so changed the nature of its business that it no longer satisfies one or more of

101

MIR VER10.290725

the Recognition Requirements Recognised Body status is relevant.

in respect of the activities for which

6.8.5

In addition to the relevant factors set out in Rule 6.8.4, the Regulator will usually consider that it would not be able to secure a Remote Body's compliance with the Recognition Requirements or other obligations means of a direction if it appears to the Regulator that the Remote Body is prevented by any change in the legal framework or supervisory arrangements to which it is subject in its home jurisdiction from complying with the Recognition Requirements or other obligations in or under FSMR and Rules.

6.8.6

A Recognised Clearing House must terminate, transfer, invoice back or otherwise close out all open contracts prior to any such revocation taking effect.

6.9

Procedure for making orders

6.9.1

[Deleted]

6.9.2

[Deleted]

6.9.3

In considering whether it would be appropriate to exercise its powers to issue directions under sections 132 and 133 of FSMR or Rule 6.7.2, the Regulator will have regard to all relevant information and factors including:

(a)

the Rules contained in MIR;

(b)

the results of its routine supervision of the Recognised Body concerned;

(c)

the extent to which the failure or likely failure to satisfy one or more of the Recognition Requirements may affect the objectives of the Regulator.

6.9.4

In considering whether or not to make a Recognition Order under section 124 of FSMR, the Regulator will have regard to all relevant information and factors, including the information provided by Applicants.

6.9.5

Before exercising its powers to make directions, the Regulator will usually discuss its intention, and the basis for this, with the Key Individuals or other appropriate representatives of the Recognised Body. It will usually discuss its intention not to make a Recognition Order with appropriate representatives of the Applicant.

6.9.6

The procedures that the Regulator will follow in exercising its powers to make directions or refuse to make a Recognition Order (except in the case of a revocation of a Recognition Order, the Recognised Body concerned has given its consent or, in case where the Regulator proposes to make a direction, it considers it is reasonably necessary not to follow, or to cut short, the procedure) are:

The Regulator will:

Guidance

1. give written notice to

Recognised Body (or Applicant);

the

The notice will state why the Regulator intends to take the action it proposes to take, and include an invitation to

102

MIR VER10.290725

The Regulator will:

Guidance

make representations, and the period within which representations should be made subsequently extended by the Regulator).

(unless

2.

receive representations from the Recognised Body or Applicant concerned;

The Regulator will not usually consider oral first representations without receiving written representations from the Recognised Body or Applicant. It will oral representations from the Recognised Body or Applicant on request.

normally

only

hear

3. write promptly to the Recognised Body or Applicant who requests the opportunity to make oral representations if it decides not to hear Person's that representations;

The Regulator will indicate why it will not hear oral representations and the Regulator will allow the Recognised Body or Applicant further time to respond.

4. have regard to representations made;

5.

(when it has reached its decision) notify the Recognised Body or Applicant concerned in writing.

6.10

Disciplinary measures

6.10.1

If the Regulator considers that a Recognised Body has contravened a requirement imposed by the Regulator, or under any provision of FSMR or the Rules whose contravention constitutes an offence the Regulator has power to prosecute, it may