 event.

79

MIR VER10.290725

Event a jurisdiction outside ADGM) is made; or (c) he enters into a voluntary arrangement (or a similar or analogous arrangement under the law of a jurisdiction outside ADGM) with his creditors. Constitution and governance 8. A Recognised Body proposes to circulate any notice or other document proposing any amendment to its memorandum or articles of association (or other similar agreement or document relating to its constitution) to its shareholders (or any group or class of them), its Members (or any group or class of them), or any other group or class of Persons which has the power to make that amendment or whose consent or approval is required before it may be made.

9. A change to a Recognised Body's memorandum or articles of association (or other similar agreement or document relating to its constitution) becomes effective.

10. Any change is made to an

agreement which relates to the constitution or governance of a Recognised Body: (a) between that Recognised Body and another Person; (b) between the owners of that Recognised Body; (c) between the owners of that Recognised Body and another Person; or (d) between other Persons.

Auditors 11. The auditors of a Recognised Body

cease to act as such as per GEN 6.4.

Timing

In advance of circulation or otherwise as soon as reasonably practicable.

As soon as practicable.

As soon as practicable.

As soon as practicable.

Information Requirement

(a) The proposed amendments; (b) the reasons for the proposal; and (c) a description of the group or class of Persons to whom the proposal is to be circulated.

(a) Details of the amendment; and (b) the date on which the amendment took effect.

(a) Details of the change; and (b) the date on which the change took, or is to take, effect.

(a) Whether the appointment of those auditors expired or was terminated; (b) the date on which the auditors ceased to act; and

80

MIR VER10.290725

Event

12. Appointment of new auditors.

13. Audit Reports as required per GEN 6.6.1 including a Regulatory Returns Auditor’s Report

Financial information 14. Publication of a Recognised

Body's: (a) annual report and accounts; (b) consolidated annual report and accounts of any Group in which the Recognised Body is a member.

15. An audit committee has prepared a report in relation to any period or any matter relating to any Regulatory Function of that Recognised Body. 16. A Recognised Body's:

Timing

As soon as practicable.

Within four months of the financial year to which the document relates.

The latest of: (a) four months after the end of the financial year to which the document relates; (b) the time when the document is sent to the Members or shareholders of the Recognised Body; or (c) the time when the document is sent to the shareholders of the Group to which the Recognised Body is a member. As soon as practicable.

Within one month of the end of the

Information Requirement (c) if the Recognised Body terminated, or decided not to renew, their appointment, its reasons for taking that action or decision. (a) The name and business address of those new auditors; and (b) the date of their appointment. A copy of the relevant reports.

A copy of the relevant document.

A copy of the relevant report.

A copy of the relevant accounts.

81

MIR VER10.290725

Event (a) quarterly management accounts; or (b) monthly management accounts. 17. Preparation of:

(a) a statement of a Recognised Body's anticipated income, expenditure and cashflow for each financial year; and (b) an estimated balance sheet showing its position as it is anticipated at the end of each financial year.

18. Accounting reference date is changed.

Fees and incentive schemes 19. Any proposal to change the fees or

charges levied on a Recognised Body's Members (or any group or class of them) is made.

20. Any change is made to fees or charges levied on a Recognised Body's Members (or any group or class of them) is made.

Complaints 21.

(a) Where a Recognised