's own initiative

6.2.1

While the Regulator will seek to obtain information from a Recognised Body in the context of an open, cooperative and constructive relationship with the Recognised Body, where it appears to the Regulator that obtaining information in that context will not achieve the necessary results, the Regulator or (as the case may be) its officers may, by notice in writing, require the Recognised Body or any Person who is connected to the Recognised Body to provide or produce specified information or information of a specified description, at a specified place and before the end of a reasonable period, in such form and with such verifications or authentications as it may reasonably require.

95

MIR VER10.290725

6.2.2

A Person is connected with a Recognised Body if he is or has at any relevant time been:

(a)

a Member of the Recognised Body's Group;

(b)

a Controller of the Recognised Body;

(c)

any other member of a partnership of which the Recognised Body is a member; or

(d)

a Person mentioned in section 39 of FSMR, reading references in that Part to the "Authorised Person" as references to the Recognised Body.

6.3

Risk assessments for Recognised Bodies

6.3.1

For each Recognised Body, the Regulator will conduct a periodic risk assessment. This assessment will take into account relevant considerations including the special position of Recognised Bodies under FSMR and the Rules, the nature of the Recognised Body's Members, the position of other users of its facilities and the business environment more generally.

6.3.2

[Deleted]

6.3.3

[Deleted]

Guidance

1.

Information is needed to support the Regulator's risk-based approach to the supervision of all regulated entities, including Recognised Bodies. Risk-based supervision is intended to ensure that the allocation of supervisory resources and the supervisory process are compatible with the Regulator’s objectives and the Regulator's general duties. The central element of the process of risk-based supervision is a systematic assessment by the Regulator (a “risk assessment”) of the main supervisory risks and concerns for each regulated entity.

2.

The risk assessment will guide the Regulator's supervisory focus. It is important, therefore, that there is good dialogue between the Regulator and the Recognised Body. The Regulator expects to review its risk assessment with the staff of the Recognised Body to ensure factual accuracy and a shared understanding of the key issues, and may discuss the results of the risk assessment with Key Individuals of the Recognised Body. If appropriate, the Regulator may send a detailed letter to the Recognised Body with proposals for further action or work to address particular concerns or issues and seek its comments on the risk assessment.

6.4

Complaints – Regulator’s arrangements

6.4.1

[Deleted]

96

MIR VER10.290725

6.4.2

The Regulator is required to have arrangements to investigate complaints which it considers relevant to the question of whether a Recognised Body should remain recognised as such. This section describes aspects of the Regulator's arrangements for investigating relevant complaints.

6.4.3

Where the Regulator receives a complaint about a Recognised Body, it will, in the first instance, seek to establish whether the complainant has approached the Recognised Body. Where this is not the case, the Regulator will ask the complainant to complain to the Recognised Body. Where the complainant is dissatisfied with the handling of the complaint, but has not exhausted the Recognised Body's own internal complaints procedures (in the case of a complaint against a Recognised Body, including by applying to that body's complaints investigator), the Regulator will encourage the complainant to do so.

6.4.4

The Regulator will not usually consider a complaint which has not, in the first instance, been made to the Recognised Body concerned, unless there is good reason for believing that it is a relevant complaint which merits early consideration by the Regulator.

6.4.5

When it is considering a relevant complaint, the Regulator will make its own enquiries as appropriate with the Recognised Body, the complainant and other Persons. It will usually ask the Recognised Body and the complainant to comment upon any preliminary or draft conclusions of its review and to