 Body.

62. As set out in GEN 8.10.8, the: (a) granting or refusal of any application for or revocation of authorisation to carry on financial services in any jurisdiction outside the ADGM; (b) granting, withdrawal or refusal

62. As set out in GEN 8.10.8, the: (a) granting or refusal of any application for or revocation of authorisation to carry on financial services in any jurisdiction outside the ADGM; (b) granting, withdrawal or refusal

of an application for, or revocation of, membership of the Recognised Body of any

Timing

Immediately.

Information Requirement

(a) Notice and details of the

93

MIR VER10.290725

Event

Regulated Exchange or clearing house;

(c) the Recognised Body becoming

aware that a Non-ADGM Financial Services Regulator has started an investigation into the affairs of the Recognised Body;

(d) the appointment of inspectors, howsoever named, by a Non- ADGM Financial Services Regulator to investigate the affairs of the Recognised Body; or

(e) the imposition of disciplinary measures or disciplinary sanctions on the Recognised Body in relation to its financial services by any regulator or any Regulated Exchange or clearing house.

63. As set out in GEN 3.5.18, a

Recognised Body becomes aware of a material Cyber Incident

Position Limit Notifications 64. As set out in MIR 3.3.7(e), a

Recognised Body becomes aware that a position limit threshold is exceeded.

Timing

Immediately and in any event no later than 24 hours.

As soon as practicable.

Information Requirement

(a) Notice of that event.

(b) Particulars event.

of

the

(a) The reason why such a large position is being held.

(b) How the holding of said the or trading

position participant’s Member’s strategy.

furthers

(c) How

is being used for hedging and relevant contracts being hedged (where against applicable).

the position

the

94

MIR VER10.290725

6

SUPERVISION

6.1

Suspension and removal of Financial Instruments from trading

6.1.1

The Regulator may for the purpose of protecting:

(a)

the interests of investors; or

(b)

the orderly functioning of the ADGM Financial System,

require a Recognised Investment Exchange to suspend or remove a Financial Instrument from trading.

6.1.2

The Regulator may for the purposes of Rule 6.1.1(a) or (b) require a Recognised Clearing House to cease Clearing a Financial Instrument.

6.1.3

For the purposes of this chapter, any reference to the rules of a Recognised Body is made to its:

(a)

Business Rules, in the case of a Recognised Investment Exchange;

(b)

Clearing Rules, in the case of a Recognised Clearing House; and

(c)

Default Rules, as applicable.

Guidance

The procedure the Regulator will follow if it exercises its power to require a Recognised Investment Exchange to suspend or remove a Financial Instrument from trading or Clearing is set out in Part 14 of FSMR. The procedure the Regulator will follow if it exercises its power to require a Recognised Clearing House to cease Clearing a Financial Instrument is set out in Part 14 of FSMR, as if references to Recognised Investment Exchanges were to Recognised Clearing Houses.

6.1.4

If the Regulator exercises its power to require a Recognised Body to suspend or remove a Financial Instrument from trading or Clearing, it must as soon as reasonably practicable, publish its decision in such manner as it considers appropriate.

6.2

Information gathering power on Regulator's own initiative

6.2.1

While the Regulator will seek to obtain information from a Recognised Body in the context of an open, cooperative and constructive relationship with the Recognised Body, where it appears to the Regulator that obtaining information in that context will not achieve the necessary results, the Regulator or (as the case may be) its officers may, by notice in writing, require the Recognised Body or any Person who is connected to the Recognised Body to provide or produce specified information or information of a specified description, at a specified place and before the end of a