 CLEARING HOUSES

4.1

Introduction

4.1.1

This chapter contains additional Recognition Requirements applicable Recognised Clearing Houses.

4.1.2

The Rules in this chapter are intended to be consistent with the CPSS-IOSCO Principles for Financial Market Infrastructures. All Recognised Clearing Houses should comply with such principles.

4.1.3

Requirements applicable to a Recognised Clearing House that is providing Central Counterparty Services are set out in the following Rules:

(a)

Rule 4.6 (Stress testing of capital);

(b)

Rule 4.7.14 to 4.7.21 (Credit risk);

(c)

Rule 4.10 (Collateral and margin); and

(d)

Rule 4.12 (Segregation and portability).

4.1.4

A Recognised Clearing House may also act as a Trade Repository if its Recognition Order includes a stipulation permitting it to do so. Acting as a Trade Repository will result in it being subject to the additional conduct requirements in Appendix 2 of GEN.

4.1.5

A Recognised Clearing House may also conduct activities in relation to Accepted Virtual Assets if its Recognition Order includes a stipulation permitting it to do so. If it does include such a stipulation, the additional rules on Virtual Assets in COBS chapter 17 will apply to that function, but that function only.

4.1.6

A Recognised Clearing House may also conduct activities in relation to Accepted Spot Commodities if its Recognition Order includes a stipulation permitting it to do so. If it does include such a stipulation, the additional rules on Spot Commodities in COBS chapter 22 will apply to that function, but that function only.

4.2

Capital requirements

4.2.1

A Recognised Clearing House shall hold capital more than or equal to the sum of capital calculated in respect of the following risks.

(a) Winding down or restructuring activities. Six months' gross operating

expenses.

(b)

Operational risks. A Recognised Clearing House shall calculate its capital requirement for operational risks using either the Basic Indicator Approach or, with prior authorisation from the Regulator, the Standardised Approach or the Alternative Standardised Approach, both as provided specifically in Appendix 7.3 and generally in Appendix 7 of PRU.

to

55

MIR VER10.290725

(c)

Credit, counterparty credit and market risks. A Recognised Clearing House shall calculate its capital requirements as the sum of 10% of its risk-weighted exposure amounts for credit and counterparty credit risk and its capital requirements for market risk calculated in accordance with Appendix 6 of PRU, subject to the following.

For the calculation of the risk-weighted exposure amounts for credit risk and counterparty credit risk, a Recognised Clearing House shall apply the Credit Risk Capital Requirement (CRCOM) method in section 4.8 of PRU.

Where a Recognised Clearing House does not use its own resources, the Recognised Clearing House shall apply a risk weight of 250% to its exposure stemming from any contributions to the default fund of another Clearing house and a risk weight of 2% to any trade exposures with another Clearing house.

(d)

Business risk. A Recognised Clearing House shall submit to the Regulator for approval its own estimate of the capital necessary to cover losses resulting from business risk based on reasonably foreseeable adverse scenarios relevant to its business model. The capital requirement for business risk shall be equal to the approved estimate and shall be subject to a minimum amount of 25% of its annual gross operating expenses.

4.2.2

For the purposes of Rule 4.2.1, Recognised Clearing Houses shall use the most recent audited information from their annual financial statement and operating expenses shall be considered in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

4.2.3

A Recognised Clearing House shall have procedures in place to identify all sources of risks that may impact its on-going functions and shall consider the likelihood of potential adverse effects on its revenues or expenses and its level of capital.

4.2.4

If the amount of capital held by a Recognised Clearing House is lower than 110% of the capital requirements or lower than 110% of USD 9.5 million (the "notification threshold"),