 not exceeding level 6.

13.

Service of Documents on DLT Foundations

A document may be served on a DLT Foundation registered under these Regulations by leaving it at, or sending it by post or courier to, the DLT Foundation’s registered office, or the office of its Company Service Provider appointed in accordance with these Regulations.

The Registrar

14.

Powers of the Registrar

(1)

The Registrar shall administer these Regulations and perform the functions and exercise the powers conferred by or under these Regulations, the Companies Regulations 2020 and the Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015.

(2)

The Registrar has the authority to approve such forms as it considers necessary for the purpose of these Regulations and may issue such guidelines or directions as are required for the proper administration of these Regulations.

(3)

The Registrar shall utilise the official seal referenced in section 937 (The Registrar’s official seal) of the Companies Regulations 2020 in authenticating or issuing official documents in connection with the registration of DLT Foundations under these Regulations.

(4)

The Registrar −

(a)

may give directions to the DLT Foundation requiring it to produce such documents (or documents of such description) or provide such information (or information of such description) or data as may be specified in the directions;

(b)

has the power to monitor (including by means of inspections) DLT Foundations at such time and place as may reasonably be specified by the Registrar; and

(c)

may, at any time, impose such conditions or restrictions on the licence of a DLT Foundation that it, in its discretion, reasonably considers necessary.

9

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

(10)

(11)

The production of a document in pursuance of subsection (4) does not affect any lien which a Person has on the document.

The Registrar may take copies of or extracts from a document produced in pursuance of this section 14.

The power under this section 14 to require production of a document includes the power, in the case of a document not in hard copy form, to require the production of a copy of the document−

(a)

in hard copy form;

(b)

in a different or pre-specified format; or

(c)

in a form from which a hard copy can be readily obtained.

Any Person who is in default and fails to comply with any requirement imposed in accordance with this section 14 commits a contravention of these Regulations and shall be liable to a fine of up to level 8.

For the purposes of subsection (8), a Person is in default unless such Person proves that such Person acted honestly, with Reasonable Skill, Care and Diligence and that, in the circumstances in which the activities were carried out, the default was excusable.

In this section “document” includes information recorded in any form acceptable to the Registrar.

The Registrar may disclose any material held where such disclosure is:

(a)

permitted or required to be made under the laws, regulations or rules of the ADGM;

(b)

made to:

i.

the Financial Services Regulator (and the Registrar is permitted to communicate and consult with the Financial Services Regulator on any matters pertaining to any DLT Foundation);

ii.

a governmental or regulatory authority exercising powers and performing functions relating to taxation or anti-money laundering;

iii.

a self-regulatory body or organisation exercising and performing powers and functions in relation to financial services;

iv.

a civil or criminal law enforcement agency; or

v.

a governmental or other regulatory authority including a self-regulatory body or organisation exercising powers and performing functions in relation to the regulation of auditors, accountants or lawyers, for the purpose of assisting the performance by any such Person of its regulatory functions; or

10

(12)

(13)

(14)

(15)

15.

(c)

is made in good faith for the purposes of performance and exercise of the functions and powers of the Registrar.

The Registrar shall maintain a public DLT Foundations Register established under these Regulations which will contain the following information in respect of each DLT Foundation:

(a)

name and registration number;

(b)

name and address in the ADGM of its Company Service Provider, if any;

(c)

name of each Councillor;

(d)

date of incorporation;

(e)

if applicable, date of continuation under these Regulations;

(f)

the scope of business activities under, and the expiry of, the commercial licence;

(g)

a