.

(3)

For the purposes of subsection (1)(a)(ii), a DLT Foundation is not treated as trading or otherwise carrying on business by virtue only of the fact that it makes a payment in respect of a liability incurred in the course of trading or otherwise carrying out business.

(4)

The excepted activities referred to in subsection (1)(a)(iv) are:

(a)

any activity necessary or expedient for the purposes of:

(i)

making, or proceeding with, an application under section 113;

(ii)

concluding affairs of the DLT Foundation that are outstanding because of what has been necessary or expedient for the purpose of making, or proceeding with, such an application; or

(iii)

complying with any statutory requirement; and

(b)

any activity specified in rules made by the Council by resolution for the purposes of this subsection (4).

(5)

A Person who fails to perform the duty imposed on him by this section commits a contravention of these Regulations.

(6)

A Person who commits a contravention under this section shall be liable to a level 3 fine.

118. Withdrawal of application

An application under section 117 is withdrawn by notice to the Registrar.

71

119.

Petition to the Court for Dissolution

(1)

A DLT Foundation, a Councillor, a Founder, a Guardian, a Remaining Beneficiary, another person specified in the Charter or a creditor may apply to the Court for an order for the dissolution of a DLT Foundation. Tokenholders may apply to Court for an order for dissolution of a DLT Foundation by Qualified Resolution of Tokenholders. In each case, such application can be submitted to protect the interests of the Tokenholders or general public or in the circumstances set forth in the Charter.

(2)

In the circumstances set forth in subsection (1) of section 120, the Registrar shall be entitled to apply to Court for an order for the dissolution of a DLT Foundation rather than initiating the process of striking off, if the Registrar believes it is just and equitable to dissolve the DLT Foundation in court, including to protect the interests of the Tokenholders, other creditors or general public.

(3)

The Court may make an order for dissolution if it believes it is just and equitable to do so.

(4)

If the Court makes an order for the dissolution of a DLT Foundation it shall appoint a liquidator and the provisions of subsections (3)-(5) of section 112 shall apply to the appointment of the liquidator as if it had been appointed pursuant to a dissolution under section 120.

Registrar’s Power to Strike Off a DLT Foundation

120.

Striking off for Default

(1)

If the Registrar has reasonable cause to believe that any DLT Foundation registered under these Regulations:

(a)

is in breach of or no longer satisfies the requirements prescribed under these Regulations;

(b)

engages in activities which are or may be contrary to the rules and regulations of the ADGM;

(c)

engages in activities which may have a negative effect on its reputation as a financial centre; or

(d)

as determined by the Registrar, that it does not engage in any activities,

the Registrar may send to the DLT Foundation a communication inquiring as to the area of concern.

(2)

If the Registrar does not within 14 days of sending the communication receive any answer to it, the Registrar must within 14 days after the expiration of that period send to the DLT Foundation a second communication referring to the first communication and stating:

(a)

that no answer to it has been received; and

(b)

that if an answer is not received to the second communication within 14 days from its date, a notice will be published on the Registrar’s website with a view to striking the DLT Foundation’s name off the DLT Foundations Register.

(3)

If, within 14 days after sending the second communication, the Registrar:

72

(a)

receives an answer to the effect that the DLT Foundation is in breach of or no longer satisfies the requirements prescribed under these Regulations, or engages in activities which are or may be contrary to the rules and regulations of the ADGM or may have a negative effect on its reputation as a financial centre; or

(b)

does not receive any answer,

(4)

the Registrar may publish on the Registrar’s website and send to the DLT Foundation, a notice that at