 this subsection (6)(f) to a conflict of interest includes a conflict of interest and duty and a conflict of duties;

(g)

to not accept a benefit from a third party conferred by reason of his being a Guardian, or his doing (or not doing) anything as a Guardian:

26

35.

i.

benefits received by a Guardian from a Person by whom his services (as a Guardian or otherwise) are provided to the DLT Foundation are not regarded as conferred by a third party;

ii.

this duty is not infringed if the acceptance of the benefit cannot reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict of interest; and

iii.

any reference in this subsection (6)(g) to a conflict of interest includes a conflict of interest and duty and a conflict of duties;

and a “third party” means a Person other than the DLT Foundation including a Person acting on behalf of the DLT Foundation;

(h)

to declare, in a meeting of the Councillors, to the Councillors the nature and extent of any direct or indirect interest in a proposed transaction or arrangement with the DLT Foundation:

i.

if a declaration of interest under this subsection (6)(h) proves to be, or becomes, inaccurate or incomplete, a further declaration must be made;

ii.

any declaration required by this subsection (6)(h) must be made before the DLT Foundation enters into the transaction or arrangement;

iii.

this subsection (6)(h) does not require a declaration of an interest of which the Guardian is not aware or where the Guardian is not aware of the transaction or arrangement in question; for this purpose a Guardian is treated as being aware of matters of which he ought reasonably to be aware; and

iv.

a Guardian need not declare an interest if it cannot reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict of interest, if the Councillors ought to reasonably be aware of it, or if it concerns terms of his service contract that have been or are to be considered by a meeting of the Councillors, or by a committee of the Councillors appointed for the purpose under the DLT Foundation’s Charter; and

(i)

to ensure compliance with subsection (1).

Persons Disqualified from Being Guardian

No Person shall be appointed or be permitted to remain as a Guardian:

(a)

in the case of a natural person, if the Person is a Minor or mentally incapacitated, is currently disqualified from acting as a director of a company, has an undischarged bankruptcy or has been convicted of a crime; or

(b)

in the case of a Legal Person, if the Person is dissolved, in the process of dissolution or undergoing insolvency proceedings.

27

36.

Liability of a Guardian for Breach of Duty

(1)

Subject to the provisions of these Regulations and the provision of the Charter, a Guardian who commits a breach of duty:

(a)

shall be liable to a fine of up to level 8; and

(b)

is liable for any loss in value of the DLT Foundation Assets resulting from the breach.

(2)

The provisions of the Charter of the DLT Foundation shall not:

(a)

relieve a Guardian of liability for a breach of duty arising from his own fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence; or

(b)

grant the Guardian any indemnity against the DLT Foundation Assets in respect of any such liability.

Guardian Powers

37.

Powers of the Guardian

(1)

The powers of a Guardian shall be set out in the Charter of the DLT Foundation and shall not conflict with these Regulations.

(2)

Subject to the terms of the Charter, a Guardian shall:

(a)

be responsible for ensuring compliance by the DLT Foundation and its Council with the Charter and the provisions of these Regulations; and

(b)

supervise the activities of the Council in managing the DLT Foundation.

(3)

The Guardian shall have access to all information necessary for the exercise of its powers, in particular to the Accounting Records, accounts and returns of the DLT Foundation.

(4)

The Guardian shall be given due notice of meetings of the Council and Voting of Tokenholders and shall receive all papers circulated to Councillors including any copies of resolutions of Councillors and Tokenholders.

Circumstances in which a Guardian Ceases to Act

38.

Guardian Ceasing to Act

(1)

A Guardian shall cease to act as