 up to level 7. If he does so with the intention of concealing the making of the application from the Person concerned, he commits an aggravated contravention and shall be liable to a fine of up to level 8.

(4)

For the purposes of subsection (2), a Person is in default unless such Person proves that such Person acted honestly, with Reasonable Skill, Care and Diligence and that in the circumstances in which the activities were carried out the default was excusable.

(5)

For the purposes of this section 116, a document is treated as given to a Person if it is:

69

(a)

delivered to him in person;

(b)

left at his residential or service address; or

(c)

sent by post to him at his service address (and, unless the contrary intention appears, service by post is deemed to be effected by properly addressing, pre-paying and posting a letter containing the document and, unless the contrary is proved, effected at the time at which the letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of post and the service address of a Person is:

i.

in the case of a Legal Person incorporated or formed in the ADGM, its registered office; and

ii.

in the case of a Legal Person incorporated or formed outside the ADGM:

A.

if it has a place of business in the ADGM, its principal office in the ADGM; or

B.

if it does not have a place of business in the ADGM, its registered or principal office;

C.

in the case of a natural person, his last known service address).

117. Circumstances in which application to be withdrawn

(1)

This section 117 applies where, at any time on or after the day on which a DLT Foundation makes an application under section 113 and before the day on which the application is finally dealt with or withdrawn:

(a)

the DLT Foundation:

(i)

changes its name;

(ii)

trades or otherwise carries on business;

(iii)

makes a disposal for value of any property or rights other than those which it was necessary or expedient for it to hold for the purpose of making, or proceeding with, an application under section 113; or

(iv)

engages in any activity, except one to which subsection (4) applies;

(b)

an application is made to the Court under this Part 15 on behalf of the DLT Foundation for the sanctioning of a compromise or arrangement;

(c)

an application to the Court for an administration order in respect of the DLT Foundation is made under sections 8 (Administration application) or 17 (Administration application to appoint specified person as administrators by holder of qualifying charge) of the Insolvency Regulations 2022;

70

(d)

an administrator is appointed in respect of the DLT Foundation under Part 1 (Administration) of the Insolvency Regulations 2022, or a copy of notice of intention to appoint an administrator of the DLT Foundation under any of those provisions is filed with the Court;

(e)

any of the circumstances arises in which, under Chapter 2 (Voluntary winding up) of Part 3 (Winding up) of the Insolvency Regulations 2022, the DLT Foundation may be voluntarily wound up;

(f)

a petition is presented for the winding up of the DLT Foundation by the Court under Chapter 6 (Compulsory winding up) of Part 3 (Winding up) of the Insolvency Regulations 2022; or

(g)

a receiver is appointed in respect of the DLT Foundation’s property is appointed.

(2)

A Person who, at the end of a day on which any of the events mentioned in subsection (1) occurs, is a Councillor of the DLT Foundation must secure that the DLT Foundation’s application is withdrawn forthwith.

(3)

For the purposes of subsection (1)(a)(ii), a DLT Foundation is not treated as trading or otherwise carrying on business by virtue only of the fact that it makes a payment in respect of a liability incurred in the course of trading or otherwise carrying out business.

(4)

The excepted activities referred to in subsection (1)(a)(iv) are:

(a)

any activity necessary or expedient for the purposes of:

(i)

making, or proceeding with, an application under section 113;

(ii)

concluding affairs of the DLT Foundation that are outstanding because