 the appointment of any liquidator, receiver or administrator.

110. Registration of an Overseas Person

(1)

An application for registration as a DLT Foundation shall be made to the Registrar and shall specify whether the Overseas Person would be a DLT Foundation.

(2)

The applicant shall provide the Registrar with the following documents:

(a)

a copy of the Overseas Person’s certificate of establishment (if any) in its current place of establishment;

(b)

a copy of the Overseas Person’s existing charter and, if different, a copy of the Charter which will apply immediately upon its registration in the ADGM and which must comply with section 24 of these Regulations;

(c)

copies of the White Paper and Tokenomics Paper and the hyperlink to the publicly available DLT Framework, if developed;

(d)

the names and addresses of the Overseas Person Councillors (or equivalent governing bodies) and Guardian (if any) and information about other bodies within the Organisational and Governance Structure whose disclosure is required by these Regulations;

(e)

the name of the Overseas Person, which must comply with section 6 of these Regulations;

(f)

the address of the Overseas Person’s proposed registered office in the ADGM;

(g)

the name and address (in the ADGM) of the appointed Company Service Provider, if any;

(h)

all other information and documents included in the Registration Application;

(i)

evidence that migration is permitted under the law in which the Overseas Person is established and that the Overseas Person is in compliance with section 109 of these Regulations;

(j)

confirmation that, on the date of registration, the Overseas Person will cease to be established and registered under the law of any place other than the ADGM;

(k)

a statement of solvency;

(l)

evidence that the Overseas Person has legal personality in the place in which it was established or registered;

(m)

a declaration of compliance signed by the applicant affirming:

63

i.

that all requirements of these Regulations relating to registration have been fulfilled;

ii.

that the Charter of the DLT Foundation is compliant with these Regulations; and

iii.

that no Financial Services Permission is required in relation to the intended activities of the DLT Foundation;

(n)

such other information as the Registrar would require on an application to transfer registration under these Regulations; and

(o)

such other documents and information as the Registrar, in its discretion, may require in respect of a particular application under this section 110.

(3)

On receipt of the documents and information set out in subsection 110(2) and the relevant fee, and subject to the satisfaction of the Registrar, the Registrar may grant the application and register the Overseas Person as a DLT Foundation by inscribing its name in the DLT Foundations Register and issuing a certificate of registration.

Transfer of Registration

111.

Facility to Transfer Registration

(1)

If the Charter of a DLT Foundation so permits, a DLT Foundation representative may submit to the Registrar an application on behalf of a DLT Foundation to remove the DLT Foundation from the DLT Foundations Register in order to become established as a foundation with legal personality under the law of a jurisdiction outside the ADGM.

(2)

A DLT Foundation cannot be removed from the DLT Foundations Register if:

(a)

it is subject to any strike-off process outlined in Part 15;

(b)

it is bankrupt or in the process of being dissolved, or a liquidator, receiver or administrator has been appointed in respect of any of its Assets; or

(c)

an application has been made to any court to commence insolvency proceedings, to approve any arrangement with creditors or for the appointment of any liquidator, receiver or administrator.

(3)

A DLT Foundation must give written notice to its creditors (including, if applicable, Tokenholders) of its intention to be removed from the DLT Foundations Register at least 31 days before making an application to the Registrar for removal, provided that:

(a)

the notice:

i.

shall state that the DLT Foundation intends to make the application to the Registrar, and shall specify the jurisdiction in which it proposes to become established as a foundation with legal personality;

64

(4)

(5)

ii.

shall be sent in writing to each creditor of the DLT Foundation;

iii.

shall be published once in a national newspaper or in such other manner as the Court may on application direct; and

iv.

