 shown in the same Annual Accounts translated into any other relevant currency.

When complying with section 51, the Councillors of a DLT Foundation may deliver to the Registrar an additional copy of the Annual Accounts in which the amounts have been translated into any other relevant currency.

In both cases:

(a)

the amounts must have been translated at the exchange rate prevailing on the date to which the balance sheet is made up; and

(b)

that rate must be disclosed in the notes to the Annual Accounts.

Any additional copy of the Annual Accounts delivered to the Registrar under subsection (2) above shall be treated as registrable Annual Accounts of the DLT Foundation.

45

(5)

67.

(1)

(2)

68.

(1)

(2)

(3)

69.

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

In the case of such a copy, references in those sections to the Auditor’s Report on the Annual Accounts shall be read as references to the Auditor’s Report on the Annual Accounts of which it is a copy.

Notes to the Annual Accounts

Information required by this Part 11 to be given in notes to the Annual Accounts may be contained in the Annual Accounts or in a separate document annexed to the Annual Accounts.

References in this Part 11 to the Annual Accounts, or to a balance sheet or profit and loss account, include notes to the Annual Accounts giving information which is required by any provision of these Regulations or Accounting Standards, and required or allowed by any such provision to be given in a note to the Annual Accounts.

Minor definitions

In this Part 11, “profit and loss account”, includes an income statement or other equivalent financial statement required to be prepared by the Accounting Standards.

In the case of an undertaking not trading for profit, any reference in Part 12 to a profit and loss account is to an income and expenditure account.

“International accounting standards” means the international accounting standards specified as such in rules made by the Board.

Maintaining Records

Accounting Records that a DLT Foundation is required by subsection 41(1) to keep must be preserved:

(a)

by it for ten years from the date on which they are made; and

(b)

by the Persons who were the Councillors of the DLT Foundations as of the date on which the DLT Foundation is removed from the DLT Foundation Register for any reason for five years from such date.

Subsection (1) is subject to any provision contained in other regulations or laws applicable in the ADGM.

If a DLT Foundation fails to comply with subsection (1), a contravention of these Regulations is committed by every Councillor.

Subject to subsection (5), a Person who commits the contraventions referred to in subsection (3) shall be liable to a level 2 fine.

A Councillor of a DLT Foundation also commits a contravention of these Regulations if he intentionally causes any default by the DLT Foundation under that subsection (1).

46

(6)

A Person who commits the contraventions referred to in subsection (5), shall be liable to a fine of up to level 5.

(7)

Not later than 14 days after the Registrar sends a written request to the DLT Foundation’s registered office, the DLT Foundation must deliver to the Registrar a copy of all requested Accounting Records and/or the Annual Accounts.

(8)

Upon the written request of the Registrar delivered to the DLT Foundation’s registered office, the DLT Foundation must obtain an audit of (or obtain an additional Auditor’s Report with respect to) such Accounting Records and/or the Annual Accounts and returns as the Registrar may request. The results of such audit shall be delivered to the Registrar within such time period as the Registrar may specify, without prejudice to the provisions of these Regulations which require delivery of the audited Accounting Records by specific types of Foundations.

(9)

If the requirements of subsections (7) or (8) are not complied with, the DLT Foundation and every Councillor commits a contravention of these Regulations.

(10)

A Person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (9) shall be liable to a fine of up to level 5.

PART 12: AUDIT

Requirement for audit

70.

Requirement for audited Annual Accounts

(1)

The Annual Accounts for a financial year must be audited in accordance with this Part 12.

(