 provisions (including any rights conferred on any Person by the Charter) and Relevant Obligations; and

(d)

to do any other acts which may be required by the Charter or under these Regulations.

(4)

The duties of the Councillors are:

(a)

to act in accordance with the DLT Foundation’s Charter;

(b)

to only exercise powers for the purposes for which they are conferred;

(c)

to act honestly, in good faith and in the best interests of the DLT Foundation with regard to the interests of Beneficiaries and Tokenholders, if any;

(d)

to Exercise Independent Judgment;

(e)

to exercise Reasonable Care, Skill and Diligence;

(f)

to not act on behalf of the DLT Foundation, or exercise any of his powers as a Councillor, in relation to any matter in which he has, or can have, a direct or indirect interest that conflicts, or possibly may conflict, with the interests of the DLT Foundation:

i.

this applies in particular to the exploitation of any property, information or opportunity (and it is immaterial whether the DLT Foundation could take advantage of the property, information or opportunity);

ii.

this duty does not apply to a conflict of interest arising in relation to a transaction or arrangement with the DLT Foundation;

22

(g)

(h)

(i)

iii.

this duty is not infringed if the situation cannot reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict of interest, or if the matter has been authorised by the Councillors who do not have a direct or indirect interest that conflicts with the interests of the DLT Foundation in such matter (“Non-conflicted Councillors”);

iv.

where nothing in the DLT Foundation’s Charter invalidates such authorisation, authorisation may be given by the matter being proposed to and authorised by the Non-conflicted Councillors. Where the DLT Foundation’s Charter includes a provision enabling the Non-conflicted Councillors to authorise the matter, authorisation may be given by the matter being proposed to and authorised by the Non-conflicted Councillors in accordance with the Charter; and

v.

any reference in this subsection (4)(f) to a conflict of interest includes a conflict of interest and duty and a conflict of duties;

to not accept a benefit from a third party conferred by reason of his being a Councillor, or his doing (or not doing) anything as a Councillor:

i.

benefits received by a Councillor from a Person by whom his services (as a Councillor or otherwise) are provided to the DLT Foundation are not regarded as conferred by a third party;

ii.

this duty is not infringed if the acceptance of the benefit cannot reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict of interest; and

iii.

any reference in this subsection (4)(g) to a conflict of interest includes a conflict of interest and duty and a conflict of duties;

and a “third party” means a Person other than the DLT Foundation including a Person acting on behalf of the DLT Foundation;

to declare, in a meeting of the Councillors, to the other Councillors the nature and extent of any direct or indirect interest in a proposed transaction or arrangement with the DLT Foundation:

i.

if a declaration of interest under this subsection (4)(h) proves to be, or becomes, inaccurate or incomplete, a further declaration must be made;

ii.

any declaration required by this subsection (4)(h) must be made before the DLT Foundation enters into the transaction or arrangement; and

iii.

a Councillor need not declare an interest if it cannot reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict of interest, if the other Councillors ought to reasonably be aware of it, or if it concerns terms of his service contract that have been or are to be considered by a meeting of the Councillors, or by a committee of the Councillors appointed for the purpose under the DLT Foundation’s Charter; and

to ensure compliance with subsection (1).

23

30.

Appointment of Councillors

(1)

Prior to the registration of the DLT Foundation, a Councillor shall be appointed by the Founder or Founders. Following registration, a Councillor shall be appointed in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Charter, or, in the absence of any express provisions in the Charter, in