 Circumstances”);

17

(u)

the address of the registered office of the DLT Foundation (or its Company Service Provider) in the ADGM;

(v)

the term for which the DLT Foundation is established, if any, or the details of any contingent event which will trigger the dissolution of the DLT Foundation; and

(w)

subject to the provisions of the ADGM Insolvency Regulations 2022, consequences in respect of the distribution of Assets of the DLT Foundation, including insolvency. By default, Beneficiaries (including Tokenholders who are Beneficiaries) are deemed to have the right to obtain Assets in proportion to, as applicable, the percentage of Assets they are entitled to or the number of Tokens they own, and be treated and rank as “members” for the purposes of section 225 (Distribution of Company’s property) of the ADGM Insolvency Regulations 2022 (and Tokenholders who are not Beneficiaries shall have no monetary claims in respect of the Assets).

(3)

The Charter shall not contain any provisions prohibited by these Regulations.

Facility to Amend and Change

25.

Amendments and Changes

(1)

Any amendment to the Charter shall be approved by the DLT Foundation Council. The Council shall only approve the proposed amendment to the Charter by a Resolution of Councillors if the amendment of the Charter is in their opinion necessary for the furtherance of the objects of the DLT Foundation and complies with any Relevant Obligations. A Resolution of Councillors approving an amendment to the Charter must be confirmed by:

(a)

until the Founder Resignation, the decision of the Founder (or, if multiple, all Founders, unless the Charter provides otherwise); and

(b)

if applicable pursuant to subsection (2)(h) of section 24, the Qualified Resolution of Tokenholders or, as applicable, Resolution of Tokenholders.

(2)

Any changes to the information contained in a Relevant Disclosure by the DLT Foundation shall be in accordance with these Regulations.

(3)

The White Paper, the DLT Framework and the Tokenomics Paper shall be approved by the Council by a Resolution of Councillors. The Council may, taking into account the interests of Beneficiaries and Tokenholders, if any, approve an update to the White Paper, the DLT Framework or the Tokenomics Paper (as applicable) by a Resolution of Councillors if such update is necessary for the furtherance of the objects of the DLT Foundation and, in respect of the DLT Framework, has been confirmed by the Security Audit. Such Resolution of Councillors approving an amendment to the White Paper, Tokenomics Paper or DLT Framework (as applicable) must be confirmed by:

(a)

until the Founder Resignation, the decision of the Founder (or, if multiple, all Founders, unless the Charter provides otherwise); and

(b)

if Tokens are issued and such Tokens confer upon Tokenholders any voting rights on the relevant Delegated Matters, the Qualified Resolution of Tokenholders, unless the Charter 18

provides otherwise, in which case an application must be made by the DLT Foundation Council to the relevant Persons requesting the confirmation of the amendment to the White Paper, Tokenomics Paper or DLT Framework (as applicable); the relevant Persons may confirm or reject the amendment.

(4)

Where the DLT Foundation amends its Charter, issues or updates the White Paper, DLT Framework, smart contracts or Tokenomics Paper or changes other information contained in its Relevant Disclosure (as applicable), it must send to the Registrar a copy of the updated document together with any relevant third party assessments, as may be required by the Registrar from time to time, not later than 14 days after the issuance or amendment takes effect or the information changes, as applicable (“filing deadline”).

(5)

Where a DLT Foundation defaults in complying with subsection (4) by the filing deadline, the DLT Foundation must pay a late filing fee up to the maximum amount prescribed in rules made by the Board.

By-laws

26. By-laws of the DLT Foundation

No DLT Foundation shall have by-laws.

PART 7: GOVERNANCE AND COUNCIL

Key Principles

27.

Key Principles

(1)

The management bodies of the DLT Foundation shall be listed in the Charter (the “Organisational and Governance Structure”). The Organisational