)

(4)

A Person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (2) shall be liable to a fine of up to level 4.

DLT Foundation’s duties in relation to statement

This section 94 applies where the statement deposited under section 93 states the circumstances connected with the auditor’s ceasing to hold office.

The Councillors of the DLT Foundation must within 14 days of the deposit of the statement either:

(a)

publish a copy of it; or

(b)

apply to the Court. If it applies to the Court, the Councillors of the DLT Foundation must notify the auditor of the application. If the Court is satisfied that the auditor is using the provisions of section 93 to secure needless publicity for defamatory matter:

i.

it shall direct that copies of the statement need not be published; and

ii.

it may further order the DLT Foundation’s costs on the application to be paid in whole or in part by the auditor, even if he is not a party to the application,

and the Councillors or DLT Foundation must within 14 days of the Court’s decision publish a statement setting out the effect of the order. If no such direction is made the Councillors of the DLT Foundation must publish the statement within 14 days of the Court’s decision or, as the case may be, of the discontinuance of the proceedings.

In the event of default in complying with this section 94 a contravention of these Regulations is committed by each Councillor.

A Person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (2) shall be liable to a level 3 fine.

Copy of statement to be sent to Registrar

Unless within 21 days beginning with the day on which he deposited the statement under section 93, the auditor receives notice of an application to the Court under section 94, he must within a further seven days send a copy of the statement to the Registrar.

If an application to the Court is made under section 94 and the auditor subsequently receives notice under subsection (3) of section 94, he must within seven days of receiving the notice send a copy of the statement to the Registrar.

Where an auditor defaults in complying with the requirements in subsections (1) or (2) within the prescribed time periods (“filing deadlines”), the auditor must pay a late filing fee up to the maximum amount prescribed in rules made by the Board.

An auditor who fails to comply with subsections (1) or (2) commits a contravention of these Regulations. Where a contravention under this section 95 is committed by a Legal Person, any natural person acting for such Legal Person who is in default also commits the contravention.

57

(5)

A Person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (4) shall be liable to fine of up to level 4.

96.

Duty of auditor to notify the Registrar

(1)

Where an auditor ceases for any reason to hold office, the auditor ceasing to hold office must notify the Registrar.

(2)

The notice must:

(a)

inform the Registrar that they have ceased to hold office; and

(b)

be accompanied by a copy of the statement deposited at the DLT Foundation’s registered office in accordance with section 93.

(3)

If the statement so deposited is to the effect that they consider that there are no circumstances in connection with their ceasing to hold office that need to be brought to the attention of creditors of the DLT Foundation, the notice must also be accompanied by a statement of the reasons for his ceasing to hold office.

(4)

The auditor must comply with this section 96 at the same time as they deposit a statement at the DLT Foundation’s registered office in accordance with section 93.

(5)

An auditor ceasing to hold office as auditor who fails to comply with this section commits a contravention of these Regulations.

(6)

A Person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (5) shall be liable to a fine of up to level 4. Where a contravention under this section is committed by a Legal Person, any natural person acting for such Legal Person who is in default also commits the contravention.

97.

Effect of casual vacancies

If an auditor ceases to hold office for any reason, any surviving or continuing auditor or auditors may continue