 appointed by the Issuer who have undertaken the review of the relevant Securities;

(b)

details of the qualifications and experience of each of those Shari’a Supervisory Board members;

(c)

in the case of issuance of Sukuks:

41

IFR/VER21/03-25

7.3

7.3.1

7.3.2

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

(i)

the opinion of the Shari’a Supervisory Board in respect of whether the Securities are Shari’a compliant;

(ii)

a description of the structure of the underlying transaction and an explanation of the flow of funds; and

(iii)

where applicable, the disclosures required by the Shari’a Standards published from time to time by AAOIFI in respect of investment Sukuks; and

(d)

instead of the statement required under MKT Rule 2.5.1(3)(d), a prominent disclaimer in bold, on the front page of this Prospectus as follows:

“The DFSA does not accept any responsibility for the content of the information included in the Prospectus, including the accuracy or completeness of such information. The liability for the content of the Prospectus lies with the issuer of the Prospectus and other Persons, such as Experts, whose opinions are included in the Prospectus with their consent. The DFSA has also not assessed the suitability of the Securities to which the Prospectus relates to any particular investor or type of investor and has not determined whether they are Shari’a compliant. If you do not understand the contents of this Prospectus or are unsure whether the Securities to which the Prospectus relates are suitable for your individual investment objectives and circumstances, you should consult an authorised financial advisor.”

Continuing disclosure relating to Islamic Securities

The Reporting Entity responsible for Islamic Securities must, without delay, disclose to the markets and the DFSA details of any changes to the membership of its Shari’a Supervisory Board, the identity, qualifications and experience of any new Shari’a Supervisory Board members and the identity of any Shari’a Supervisory Board members who resign or are dismissed.

A Listed Entity with Islamic Securities admitted to the Official List of Securities must make the required market disclosures in accordance with the requirements under section A2.1 and comply with the other continuing obligations under section A2.2.

42

IFR/VER21/03-25

8.

8.1

8.1.1

8.2

8.2.1

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

TAKAFUL INSURANCE

Application

(1)

This chapter applies to a Person who carries on or holds out as carrying on Insurance Business or Insurance Intermediation as Takaful Insurance.

(2)

In addition to the requirements in this chapter, the requirements that apply to conventional Insurance Business or Insurance Intermediation continue to apply to such a Person.

Specific disclosure for Takaful insurance

Where an Insurer or an Insurance Intermediary conducts Takaful Insurance with a Retail Client, the disclosure for the purposes of COB section 7.7 must include:

(a)

the nature of the contracts between the Takaful fund and the operator;

(b)

the method of calculation of any fees or share of profits paid from the Takaful fund to the operator;

(c)

the basis on which any surpluses in the Takaful fund will be shared; and

(d)

any circumstances in which additional contributions to the Takaful fund may be required.

Guidance

1.

Firms conducting Insurance Business comprising Takaful must comply with the requirements in PIN. Takaful related prudential requirements are not included in this module because of the closely integrated nature of such requirements with the requirements that apply to conventional insurance.

2.

Note that structures of Takaful Insurers (including reinsurers) vary, as do the Islamic contracts governing their business. As the DFSA has not as yet thought it appropriate to limit the permissible structures and contracts, the DFSA is willing to consider modifications to its Rules to apply the most appropriate prudential regime to a Takaful entity. For many Takaful companies, this is likely to involve capital tests at the level of the Takaful participants’ fund or funds, and for the firm as a whole.

43

IFR/VER21/03-25

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULE