An Authorised Firms undertaking Islamic Financial Business is also exposed to fiduciary risk which arises where the terms of the contract between the Authorised Firm and the investor are breached and where the Authorised Firm does not act in compliance with Shari’a.

5.

An Authorised Firm is required to apply the Capital Requirements specified in PIB chapters 4 and 5 to any other business it carries on.

(1)

An Authorised Firm’s Displaced Commercial Risk Capital Requirement is based on 35% of the CRCOM and Market Risk capital requirement of assets funded by Unrestricted PSIA holders and is calculated using the following formula:

PSIACOM = [PSIACOMcredit + PSIACOMmarket] x 35%.

(2)

PSIACOM is the Displaced Commercial Risk Capital Requirement;

(3)

PSIACOMcredit is the Credit Risk capital requirement for assets funded by Unrestricted PSIA holders and in accordance with Rules in part 3 of chapter 4 of PIB; and

is calculated

(4)

PSIACOMmarket is the Market Risk capital requirement for assets funded by Unrestricted PSIA holders and in accordance with Rules in PIB chapter 5.

is calculated

Credit risk and counterparty risk for Islamic contracts

(1)

An Authorised Firm Managing a PSIA, which is an Unrestricted PSIA, must calculate its PSIACOMcredit in relation to all Islamic Contracts the manner prescribed in this section.

financed by Unrestricted PSIAs

in

(2)

An Authorised Firm must, when undertaking the calculation in (1), apply an appropriate risk weighting for the relevant Islamic Contract.

(1)

In this section:

(a)

“E” represents the Exposure determined by an Authorised Firm as applicable to an Islamic Contract; and

(b)

“CRW” represents the risk weighting or capital charge assessed by an Authorised Firm as appropriate to that Islamic Contract.

(2)

An Authorised Firm must determine the PSIACOMcredit an Islamic Contract by applying the following formula:

E x CRW x 8%.

(3)

An Authorised Firm must calculate its PSIACOMcredit of all contracts by:

21

IFR/VER21/03-25

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

(a)

identifying all Islamic Contracts to which this section applies;

(b)

valuing the underlying investment or asset of each contract and reducing the value of any such investment or asset in the manner stipulated in Section 4.9 and Section 4.14A of chapter 4 of PIB, the result of which constitutes E for that contract;

(c)

determining the risk weighting or capital charge appropriate to each contract, which will constitute the CRW for that contract in accordance with Rules in Sections 4.10, 4.11 and 4.12 of chapter 4 of PIB;

(d)

applying the formula in Rule 5.4.7(2) to determine the PSIACOMcredit in respect of each contract; and

(e)

summing the PSIACOMcredit of each contract to determine the PSIACOMcredit applicable to the Authorised Firm.

Guidance

1.

The DFSA considers that this Guidance will assist an Authorised Firm in applying the appropriate risk weighting or capital charge to each Islamic Contract for the purpose of Rule 5.4.7. Accordingly, the DFSA expects an Authorised Firm managing PSIAs, which are Unrestricted PSIAs to pay due regard to this Guidance.

2.

The Rules in this section and this Guidance are also relevant to an Authorised Firm which invests in or holds Islamic Contracts, when calculating CRCOM for Islamic Contracts under PIB chapter 4.

3.

Table 2 contains Guidance on how an Authorised Firm Managing a PSIA, which is an Unrestricted PSIA should apply risk weightings for Islamic Contracts in respect of calculating relevant E and CRW for its PSIACOMcredit component of the PSIACOM.

Table 2

1. Islamic Contract type

2. Underlying investment or asset

3. CRW

Binding Murabaha for the Purchase Orderer (MPO)

Asset with an Authorised Firm before purchase by the Counterparty

CRW in accordance with PIB Rule A4.6.2

Murabaha and Non-binding Murabaha for the Purchase Orderer (MPO) Mudaraba