R/VER21/03-25

3.5.4

3.5.5

3.5.6

3.6

3.6.1

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

c.

the basis upon which the Authorised Person has deemed that the proposed Shari’a Supervisory Board member is suitable; and

d.

details of any other Shari’a Supervisory Boards of which the proposed Shari’a Supervisory Board member is, or has been, a member.

(1)

The Authorised Person must ensure that the Islamic Financial Business policy and procedures manual it is required to maintain under Rule 3.4.1 provides that:

(a)

a member of the Shari’a Supervisory Board is obliged to notify the Authorised Person of any conflict of interest that such member may have with respect to the Authorised Person or, in the case of an Investment Trust, the Trustee; and

(b)

the Authorised Person will take appropriate steps to manage any such conflict of interest so that the Islamic Financial Business is carried out appropriately and in compliance with Shari’a, the interest of a Client is not adversely affected and all Clients are fairly treated and not prejudiced by any such interests.

(2)

If an Authorised Person is unable to manage a conflict of interest as provided above, it must dismiss or replace the member as appropriate.

If requested by the DFSA, an Authorised Person must provide the DFSA with information on its appointed or proposed Shari’a Supervisory Board members with regard to the qualifications, skills, experience and independence of the Shari’a Supervisory Board members.

An Authorised Person must take reasonable steps to ensure that it and its Employees:

(a)

provide such assistance as the Shari’a Supervisory Board reasonably requires to discharge its duties;

(b)

give the Shari’a Supervisory Board right of access at all reasonable times to relevant records and information;

(c)

do not interfere with the Shari’a Supervisory Board’s ability to discharge its duties; and

(d)

do not provide false or misleading information to the Shari’a Supervisory Board.

Shari’a reviews

An Authorised Person must ensure that all Shari’a reviews are undertaken by the Shari’a Supervisory Board in accordance with AAOIFI GSIFI No 2.

9

IFR/VER21/03-25

3.6.2

3.7

3.7.1

3.7.2

3.7.3

3.7.4

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

(1)

An Authorised Person must commission an annual report from the Shari’a Supervisory Board which complies with AAOIFI GSIFI No 1.

(2)

An Authorised Person must deliver a copy of the annual report of the Shari’a Supervisory Board to the DFSA within 14 days of having received it.

Internal Shari’a review

An Authorised Person must perform an internal Shari’a review to assess the extent to which the Authorised Person complies with fatwas, rulings and guidelines issued by its Shari’a Supervisory Board.

An Islamic Financial Institution must perform the internal Shari’a review in accordance with AAOIFI GSIFI No. 3.

An Authorised Person which operates an Islamic Window must, to the extent possible, perform the internal Shari’a review in accordance with AAOIFI GSIFI No. 3 and must document the manner in which it will conduct that part of the internal Shari’a review that is not conducted in accordance with AAOIFI GSIFI No. 3. Guidance

GSIFI No. (3) (Internal Shari’a Review) establishes standards and provides guidance on the internal Shari’a review in institutions that conduct business in accordance with Shari’a. The standard covers the following:

a.

objectives;

b.

internal Shari’a Review;

c.

independence and objectivity;

d.

professional proficiency;

e.

scope of work;

f.

performance of the internal Shari’a Review work;

g.

management of the internal Shari’a Review;

h.

quality assurance; and

i.

elements of an effective internal Shari’a Review control system.

An Authorised Person must ensure that the internal Shari’a review is performed by the internal audit function or the compliance function of the Authorised Person and that the individuals or departments