 to in this section is performed by the internal audit function of the Fund or the compliance function of the Fund and that the individuals or departments involved in performing the review are competent and sufficiently independent to assess compliance with Shari’a.

Guidance

For the purposes of assessing competency of personnel or departments which perform the internal Shari’a review, Fund Manager should consult AAOIFI GSIFI No. 3 paragraphs 9 to16 inclusive.

Additional disclosure in a Prospectus of an Islamic Fund which is a Public Fund

Guidance

Chapter 14 and in particular Rule 14.3.1 of the CIR module set out the Public Fund Prospectus requirements. In addition to complying with those requirements as applicable to the particular Fund, the Fund Manager of an Islamic Fund that is a Public Fund must comply with the additional requirements set out in this section. If an Islamic Fund is to be a Listed Fund, it must comply with chapter 6 of MKT and also comply with the additional requirements in this chapter.

35

IFR/VER21/03-25

6.5.1

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

A Fund Manager of an Islamic Fund which is a Public Fund must state in the Fund’s Prospectus:

(a)

that all the operations in relation to the Fund will be conducted in accordance with Shari’a;

(b)

if the Fund has a Shari’a Supervisory Board appointed to it, the names of the members of the Shari’a Supervisory Board and their qualifications and experience experience and, whether or not the Fund Manager’s Shari’a Supervisory Board is appointed to the Fund pursuant to Rule 6.2.1(2);

(c)

if the Fund does not have a Shari’a Supervisory Board appointed to it pursuant to Rule 6.2.1(3), what widely acceptable screening methodologies are used by the Fund to ensure Shari’a compliance with respect to investments made for the Fund, and the board that has approved them;

(d)

if applicable, the manner and frequency of Shari’a reviews ;

(e)

how earnings prohibited by Shari’a will be disposed of;

(f)

whether Zakah is the responsibility of the Fund or the responsibility of the Unitholders;

(g)

the additional disclosure, if applicable, prescribed under section A1.1 of App 1; and

(h)

in place of the disclaimer required under CIR App 7 for conventional Funds, a prominent disclaimer in bold, on the front page of the Prospectus, as follows:

“The DFSA does not accept responsibility for the content of the information included in the Prospectus, including the accuracy or completeness of such information. The liability for the content of the Prospectus lies with the Issuer of the Prospectus and other Persons, such as Experts, whose opinions are included in the Prospectus with their consent. The DFSA has also not assessed the suitability of the Securities to which the Prospectus relates to any particular investor or type of investor and has not determined whether they are Shari’a compliant. If you do not understand the contents of this Prospectus or are unsure whether the Securities to which the Prospectus relates are suitable for your individual investment objectives and circumstances, you should consult an authorised financial advisor.”

(i)

If the Islamic Fund is not a Listed Fund, in addition to the disclaimer specified in (h), an additional statement that:

“The Securities to which this Prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject resale. Prospective purchasers of such Securities should conduct their own due diligence.”

to restrictions on

their

36

IFR/VER21/03-25

6.6

6.7

6.7.1

6.8

6.9

6.10

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

Guidance

1.

A Fund Manager should consider providing additional information to support the statement under Rule 6.5.1(a) as indicated in 2 and 3 below.

2.

The Fund Manager should provide sufficient details setting out the basis upon which the Fund has been approved and certified as Shari’a compliant by its Shari’a Supervisory Board. Such details should include the basis of the underlying principles, i.e. the Fatwas or rulings, including reference to any relevant Ijtihad, Ijma, Qiyas or other. Where applicable, reference should be made to any Islamic indices to be used. In