.

An Authorised Person who operates an Islamic Window must ensure that its financial statements required under GEN chapter 8 contain the following disclosures:

(a)

a detailed statement of the funds mobilised according to Shari’a rules and principles and the assets financed by those funds;

(b)

a detailed statement of the income and expenditure attributable to its Islamic Financial Business; and

(c)

whether funds attributable to Islamic Financial Business are commingled with funds attributable to conventional financial services.

An Authorised Firm which is a Takaful Insurer must ensure that the financial statements required under GEN chapter 8 for each Insurance Fund contain the following disclosures:

(a)

income from contributions to the Insurance Fund;

(b)

revenues and gains from the Insurance Fund’s investments;

14

IFR/VER21/03-25

4.2.4

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

(c)

amounts paid to the Takaful operator;

(d)

amounts paid for reinsurance cover, net of any commissions;

(e)

amounts paid to Takaful contributors as a distribution of surplus;

(f)

amount of any loan received from, or repaid to the Takaful operator;

(g)

changes in the actuarial reserves of the Insurance Fund; and

(h)

the position of the Insurance Fund at the end of the period, including actuarial reserves, policyholders’ surplus and any loans outstanding.

An Authorised Firm which Manages a Profit Sharing Investment Account (“PSIA”) must ensure that its financial statements required under GEN chapter 8 contain the following disclosures:

(a)

an analysis of income according to types of investments and their financing by customers;

(b)

the basis for the allocation of profits between owners’ equity and PSIA holders;

(c)

the equity of PSIA holders at the end of the reporting period;

(d)

the bases used to determine any Profit Equalisation Reserve or Investment Risk Reserve;

(e)

the changes which have occurred in such reserves during the reporting period;

(f)

any deductions made by the Authorised Firm from its share of income, and any expenses borne by the Authorised Firm on behalf of PSIA holders, as a contribution to increase the income of PSIA holders, if such contribution was material; and

(g)

the identity of any person to whom any remaining balances of any Profit Equalisation Reserve or Investment Risk Reserve is attributable in the event of liquidation.

15

IFR/VER21/03-25

5

5.1

5.1.1

5.2

5.2.1

5.2.2

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

MANAGING PROFIT SHARING INVESTMENT ACCOUNTS

Application

This chapter applies to an Authorised Firm which conducts the Financial Service of Managing Profit Sharing Investment Accounts (PSIAs).

Guidance

1.

A PSIA does not constitute a Deposit, because a PSIA is managed in relation to property of any kind, and the risk of loss of capital, to the extent of the Client’s contribution, remains with the Client. Accordingly, an Authorised Firm should take great care to ensure that a PSIA is not represented as a Deposit, either directly or indirectly. The DFSA may conclude that the Authorised Firm is Accepting a Deposit instead of Managing a PSIA in certain circumstances, for example, where the Authorised Firm attaches to the investment account characteristics or facilities that are generally regarded to be those of a Deposit or current account such as providing:

a.

an explicit or implicit guarantee to the Client against the risk of loss of capital; or

b.

a cheque book, an ATM card or a debit card.

2.

The prudential Category for Islamic Financial Institutions and other Authorised Firms Managing PSIAs is determined in accordance with the Rules in PIB. Prudential Category 5 firms are Islamic Financial Institutions whose entire business is conducted according to Shari’a and are authorised to manage Profit Sharing Investment Accounts. An Authorised Firm which manages PSIAs, whether as an Islamic Financial Institution or through an Islamic Window, must also comply with the requirements in PIB in relation to specific prudential requirements relating to Trading Book and Non-Trading Book activities, including Credit Risk, Market Risk, Liquidity Risk and Group Risk.

Additional disclosure requirements for PSIAs

An Authorised Firm must, prior to Managing a PSIA, provide written notice to the Client that the Client