 PSIAs, on a daily basis to ensure they remain within the concentration risk limits specified in Rule 5.4.15; and

(b)

if a breach occurs, notify the DFSA immediately and confirm it in writing.

27

IFR/VER21/03-25

6

6.1

6.1.1

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

ISLAMIC COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT FUNDS

Guidance

This chapter contains additional requirements that apply to a Collective Investment Fund operated or held out as being operated as an Islamic Fund. A Collective Investment Fund is defined in Article 11 of the Collective Investment Law 2010 (the Law). The definition in Article 11 of the Law is very wide and can capture some Islamic financial activities. However, under Article 12 of the Law, the DFSA can make Rules excluding certain arrangements or types of arrangements from constituting a Fund. Certain types of Islamic Financial Business are not regulated as Collective Investment Funds due to express exclusions provided. Key Islamic Financial Business related exclusions under the collective investment regime are Managing Insurance, participation rights evidenced by Sukuk certificates and managing PSIAs.

Application

(1)

This section applies in the case of a Domestic Fund:

(a)

which is an Islamic Fund, to its Fund Manager and where appointed, its Trustee;

(b)

which is an Umbrella Fund with one or more Islamic Sub- Funds, to its Fund Manager and where appointed, its Trustee in respect of those Sub-Funds; or

(c)

which is an Islamic Fund on a Fund Platform, to the Fund Manager using the Fund Platform, in respect of that Fund.

(2)

The requirements that apply to a conventional Fund under the Collective Investment Law 2010 and CIR apply equally to an Islamic Fund, except as otherwise provided in this chapter.

(3)

The requirements in MKT chapter 6 that apply to a conventional Listed Fund apply equally to an Islamic Fund, if it is or is to be a Listed Fund, except as otherwise provided in this chapter.

(4)

In this chapter, except where otherwise provided, any reference to a Fund is to an Islamic Fund, to an Islamic Sub-Fund of an Umbrella Fund, or to an Islamic Fund on a Fund Platform, as the case may be and any reference to a Fund Manager is a reference to a Fund Manager of such a Fund.

Guidance

1.

While the CIR module contains the key requirements relating to the management and operation of conventional Collective Investment Funds, this module sets out the additional requirements that apply where such a Fund is managed or held out as being managed as an Islamic Fund. There are other requirements that apply to such firms which are found in other modules of the DFSA rulebook, such as the GEN module, COB module and PIB module.

2.

While section 3 contains the requirements that apply to Authorised Firms which are Fund Managers of Collective Investment Funds, the requirements in this section mainly focuses on Shari’a compliance related requirements that apply at the Fund level. For example, while the systems and controls required under

28

IFR/VER21/03-25

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

section 3.3 relate to the systems and controls that a firm must have in order to comply with its Shari’a obligations, Rule 6.1.3 sets out systems and controls that must be established and maintained at the Fund level.

29

IFR/VER21/03-25

6.1.2

6.1.3

6.1.4

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

Systems and controls

(1)

The Fund Manager of a Fund must establish and maintain systems and controls which ensure that its management of the Fund and the Fund Property is Shari’a compliant.

(2)

A Fund Manager may, where it is practicable to do so, include the systems and controls required under (1) within those it is required to establish and maintain pursuant to Rule 3.3.1.

Guidance

1.

Article 38 of the Collective Investment Law 2010 requires the Fund Manager to establish and maintain systems and controls, including, but not limited, to financial and risk controls to ensure sound management of the Fund in accordance with the Fund’s Constitution and its most recent Prospectus, taking due account