 to (2), the Fund Manager of a Fund must establish and retain, for six years, records of:

(a)

its assessment of Supervisory Board members;

the competency of

the Shari’a

(b)

the agreed terms of engagement of each member of the Shari’a Supervisory Board; and

(c)

the matters in Rules 6.2.1(1)(c) and 6.2.2.

If the Fund Manager, pursuant to Rule 6.2.1(2), appoints to the Fund the same Shari’a Supervisory Board it has appointed to the

32

IFR/VER21/03-25

6.2.4

6.2.5

6.2.6

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

firm, the records required under Rule 6.2.3(1) must be included in or otherwise form part of the records required under Rule 3.5.3.

Guidance

1.

The records of the assessment of competency of Shari’a Supervisory Board members should clearly indicate, at least:

a.

the factors that have been taken into account when making the assessment of competency;

b.

the qualifications and experience of the Shari’a Supervisory Board members;

c.

the basis upon which the Fund Manager has deemed that the proposed Shari’a Supervisory Board member is suitable; and

d.

details of any other Shari’a Supervisory Boards of which the proposed Shari’a Supervisory Board member is, or has been, a member.

2.

If the Fund Manager is relying on Rule 6.2.1(2), then the due diligence process, and the records maintained under Rules 3.5.2 and 3.5.3, should be augmented with the matters specified under Rule 6.2.1(1).

(1)

The Islamic Financial Business policy and procedures manual must provide that:

(a)

a member of the Shari’a Supervisory Board is obliged to notify the Fund Manager of any conflict of interest that such member may have with respect to the Fund or the Fund Manager, and if appointed, or in the case of an Investment Trust, the Trustee; and

(b)

the Fund Manager will take appropriate steps to manage any such conflict of interest so that the Islamic Financial Business is carried out appropriately and in compliance with Shari’a, the interest of a Unitholder is not adversely affected and all Unitholders are fairly treated and not prejudiced by any such interests.

(2)

If a Fund Manager is unable to manage a conflict of interest as provided above, it must dismiss or replace the member as appropriate.

The Fund Manager of a Fund must provide the DFSA at its request with information on the qualifications, skills, experience and independence of the individuals who are appointed or proposed to be approved as members of the Shari’a Supervisory Board.

(1)

The Fund Manager of a Fund must take reasonable steps to ensure that the Fund Manager and the Fund’s Employees:

(a)

provide such assistance as the Shari’a Supervisory Board reasonably requires to discharge its duties;

(b)

give the Shari’a Supervisory Board right of access at all reasonable times to relevant records and information;

33

IFR/VER21/03-25

6.3

6.3.1

6.3.2

6.4

6.4.1

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

(c)

do not interfere with the Shari’a Supervisory Board’s ability to discharge its duties; and

(d)

do not provide false or misleading information to the Shari’a Supervisory Board.

(2)

If appointed, the Trustee must also take reasonable steps to ensure that its Employees comply with (1)(a)-(d).

External Shari’a reviews and periodic reports

A Fund Manager of a Domestic Fund that is a Public Fund, other than a Fund relying on the exemption in Rule 6.2.1(3), must ensure that all Shari’a reviews of the Fund are undertaken by the Shari’a Supervisory Board in accordance with AAOIFI GSIFI No 2.

(1)

In the case of a Domestic Fund that is a Public Fund other than a Fund relying on the exemptions in Rule 6.2.1(3), the Fund Manager must commission an interim and an annual report relating