 Firm to a Person must state which Shari’a Supervisory Board has reviewed the products or services to which the material relates.

Guidance

COB section 3.2.4 sets out the meaning of “marketing material”.

Islamic window

(1)

An Authorised Firm which operates an Islamic Window must, subject to (3), disclose to its Clients whether or not it commingles funds attributable to its Islamic Financial Business with funds attributable to conventional financial business.

(2)

An Authorised Market Institution which operates an Islamic Window must disclose to any Person granted access to its facilities whether or not it commingles funds attributable to its Islamic Financial Business with funds attributable to conventional financial business.

(3)

An Authorised Firm does not have to make the disclosure required under (1) if it is a Fund Manager of an Islamic Fund and is making an Offer of Units of that Fund in accordance with the disclosure requirements in the Collective Investment Law 2010, the CIR module and this module.

Guidance

1.

See Guidance 3 for the type of information required to be included in a Prospectus. The disclosures required under Rule 3.8.3(1) and (2) should initially be made in writing at the beginning of the relationship with a Client or with a to an Authorised Market Institution’s facilities. person granted access Additional disclosure should also be made if the Authorised Firm changes its policy relating to commingling of funds attributable to its Islamic Financial Business with funds attributable to conventional financial business.

2.

The requirements in Rule 3.8.3 will also apply to an Authorised Firm that uses a Fund Platform and has both Islamic and conventional Funds on the Fund Platform.

Disclosure relating to Client Money provisions

An Authorised Firm must disclose to its Clients details about how any Client Money arising out of Islamic Financial Business is or will be held.

Prudential requirements

12

IFR/VER21/03-25

3.9.1

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

An Authorised Firm in Prudential Category 1, 2, 3 or 5 which invests in or holds Islamic Contracts for purposes other than managing PSIAs must calculate its Credit Risk or Market Risk in respect of those contracts in the same way as a firm holding or investing in Islamic Contracts for the purposes of managing PSIAs as set out in section 4.4.

Guidance

Substantive prudential requirements in PIB which apply to conduct of Investment Business continue to apply in the same way to firms conducting Islamic Financial Business, except to the extent added to or otherwise provided in this module.

13

IFR/VER21/03-25

4

4.1

4.1.1

4.2

4.2.1

4.2.2

4.2.3

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

ACCOUNTING AND AUDITING

Application

This chapter applies to every Authorised Person carrying on Islamic Financial Business.

Guidance

GEN chapter 8 contains the general accounting and audit requirements applying to Authorised Persons.

Financial statements – specific disclosures

An Authorised Person carrying on Islamic Financial Business must ensure that its financial statements required under GEN chapter 8 contain the following disclosures:

(a)

the role and authority of the Shari’a Supervisory Board in overseeing the Authorised Person’s Islamic Financial Business;

(b) the method used in the calculation of the Zakah base;

(c) whether Zakah has been paid by the Authorised Person;

(d)

where Zakah has been paid by the Authorised Person, the amount which has been paid; and

(e)

where Zakah has not been paid by the Authorised Person, sufficient information to allow a shareholder or other investor to compute the amount of his own liability to Zakah.

An Authorised Person who operates an Islamic Window must ensure that its financial statements required under GEN chapter 8 contain the following disclosures:

(a)

a detailed statement of the funds mobilised according to Shari’a rules and principles and the assets financed by those funds;

(b)

a detailed statement of the income and expenditure attributable to its Islamic Financial Business; and

(c)

whether funds attributable to Islamic Financial Business are commingled with funds attributable to conventional financial services.

An Authorised Firm which is a Takaful Insurer must ensure that the financial statements required under GEN chapter 8 for each Insurance