 Multilateral Memorandum of Understanding for sharing information; or

(c) regulated by a Financial Services Regulator in a jurisdiction which has entered into a bilateral memorandum of understanding with the DFSA for sharing information.

(3) A Fund Manager, or any Person making an Offer of a Unit of Fund or otherwise marketing a Fund, must not describe the Fund in its offer document or marketing material as an “Exchange Traded Fund” (or “ETF”) or otherwise hold out the Fund as being an Exchange Traded Fund or ETF, unless the Fund meets the criteria in (2).

(4) The Fund Manager of an Islamic ETF must ensure that the Fund has an investment objective and strategy, which is to track the performance of a specified index or benchmark as specified in its Prospectus.

Guidance

A Fund Manager of an Islamic ETF is required to comply with the requirements applicable to a conventional Fund so far as they apply to that ETF – see Rule 6.1.1.(2).

40

IFR/VER21/03-25

7.

7.1

7.1.1

7.2

7.2.1

7.2.2

7.2.3

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

OFFERS OF ISLAMIC SECURITIES

Application

(1)

Subject to (2), this chapter applies to any Person who Offers Islamic Securities in or from the DIFC.

(2)

A Person making Offers of Islamic Securities in or from the DIFC must comply with the requirements in the Markets Law 2012 and the MKT module except to the extent otherwise provided in this chapter.

(3)

Islamic Securities, for the purposes of this chapter, do not include Units of an Islamic Fund.

Guidance

1. The issue of Securities is not an activity that constitutes a Financial Service. Therefore, the activities such as the issue of Shares, Debentures (Sukuks) or Warrants do not attract the Financial Services prohibitions in the Regulatory Law 2004. However, the Offer of Securities is an activity to which the Markets Law 2012 and the MKT module apply. Under the Markets Law 2012, a Person making an Offer of Securities in or from the DIFC is subject to numerous disclosure requirements, unless exempt. Offers of Islamic Securities which are Units of a Fund are not subject to the requirements in this section because the Collective Investment Law 2010 and CIR module provide for such activities to be regulated. Chapter 6 of this module sets out additional requirements that apply to the Fund Manager when Offering Units of an Islamic Fund.

1. The issue of Securities is not an activity that constitutes a Financial Service. Therefore, the activities such as the issue of Shares, Debentures (Sukuks) or Warrants do not attract the Financial Services prohibitions in the Regulatory Law 2004. However, the Offer of Securities is an activity to which the Markets Law 2012 and the MKT module apply. Under the Markets Law 2012, a Person making an Offer of Securities in or from the DIFC is subject to numerous disclosure requirements, unless exempt. Offers of Islamic Securities which are Units of a Fund are not subject to the requirements in this section because the Collective Investment Law 2010 and CIR module provide for such activities to be regulated. Chapter 6 of this module sets out additional requirements that apply to the Fund Manager when Offering Units of an Islamic Fund.

3.

The definition of the term Islamic Securities is in the GLO module.

Contents of a Prospectus for Islamic Securities

Deleted.

Deleted.

Where the relevant Securities are held out as being in accordance with Shari’a, the Prospectus relating to those Securities must include:

(a)

details of the members of the Shari’a Supervisory Board appointed by the Issuer who have undertaken the review of the relevant Securities;

(b)

details of the qualifications and experience of each of those Shari’a Supervisory Board members;

(c)

in the case of issuance of Sukuks:

41

IFR/VER21/03-25

7.3

7.3.1

7.3.2

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

(i)

the opinion of the Shari’a Supervisory Board in respect of whether the Securities are Shari’a compliant;

(ii)

a description of the structure of the