

If the Sukuk provides recourse to the issuer, CRW applicable to the issuer or CRW applicable to underlying contracts of the Sukuk is in accordance with PIB Section 4.12, whichever is higher

23

IFR/VER21/03-25

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

1. Islamic Contract type

2. Underlying investment or asset

3. CRW

Usufructs/services

Leased assets

Investment agency

CRW applicable to underlying service provider or usufruct owner, in accordance with PIB Section 4.12. If the Sukuk provides recourse to the issuer, CRW applicable to the issuer or CRW applicable to underlying service provider or usufruct owner in accordance with PIB App4, whichever is higher The higher of CRW of the underlying leased assets and that of the issuer The higher of CRW of the underlying assets and that of the issuer 100%

Bai’ Bithaman Ajil

Arboun

Muzara’a (share of produce of the land) Musaqa (share of produce of the trees) Mugarasa (share in the land and the trees) Mixture of tangible and intangible assets

Where the underlying investment meets the requirements for inclusion in the Trading Book

Residential and commercial properties Plant and equipment Motor vehicles Shares Land Where an Authorised Firm has made the purchase deposit Where an Authorised Firm has received the purchase deposit Where the contract would meet the requirements for inclusion in the Trading Book

The higher of CRW of the underlying assets and that of the issuer Market Risk Capital Requirement for the exposure associated with the underlying investment determined in accordance with PIB chapter 5 CRW in accordance with PIB chapter 4

CRW in accordance with PIB chapter 4 No CRW is applicable

Market Risk Capital Requirement for the exposure associated with the underlying investment determined in accordance with PIB chapter 5

4.

Where an Islamic Contract is not listed in Table 2, an Authorised Firm should consult with the DFSA, on a case-by-case basis, to determine the:

a.

contract type and the underlying investments or assets to calculate the E; and

b.

appropriate risk weighting or the capital charge for such contract to calculate the CRW.

5.

In some cases, as stipulated in the relevant parts of column 3 of Table 2, the calculation of capital requirement should be carried out as prescribed in PIB Rule A4.6.5 and in accordance with PIB chapter 5.

6.

In determining the E of a Binding Murabaha for the Purchase Orderer (MPO), as per PIB Rule A4.6.2, E should equal the total acquisition cost of the asset

24

IFR/VER21/03-25

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12

13.

14.

ISLAMIC FINANCE RULES (IFR)

(purchase price and other direct costs) less market value of the asset (net of any haircut) less any security deposit provided.

In determining the E of Ijarah / Ijarah Munthia Bittamleek contract, as per PIB Rule A4.6.2, E should equal the total acquisition cost of the asset (purchase price and other direct costs) less the market value of the asset (net of any haircut), less any Arboun (earnest money deposit received from the potential lessee).

In addition to paragraph 7 above, in the case of an Ijarah Muntahia Bittamleek contract, the exposure may be reduced by the recovery value of the leased asset, only in cases where there is a reasonable basis to conclude that the leased asset can be repossessed and effectively redeployed as a leased asset to another Counterparty. This is important because the asset leased under the Ijarah Muntahia Bittamleek contract is usually customised equipment or large pieces of equipment which are integrated with other assets of the lessee and hence are unsuitable for repossession and releasing to another lessee.

In determining the E of an Istisna’a contract, the exposures arising from such a contract should not be netted off against exposures arising from a Parallel Istisna’a contract entered into by an Authorised Firm for procuring the underlying investment for the Istisna’a