 30 days after the date of the notice, apply to the Court for an order restraining the application by the Foundation under this section 39.

(c)

On the creditor’s application the Court, if satisfied that the interests of the creditor would be unfairly prejudiced by the proposed transfer, may make an order (subject to such terms, if any, as it may think fit) restraining the application by the Foundation under this section 39.

(4) An application to the Registrar must be accompanied by -

(a)

evidence that the removal from the Foundations Register is not prohibited by the provisions of subsection (2) and that subsection (3) has been complied with;

(b)

evidence that on the date of removal from the Foundations Register the Foundation will be established under the law of the place to which it intends to migrate;

(c)

confirmation that the Foundation will continue to have legal personality in accordance with the law of the place to which it intends to migrate; and

(d)

a declaration of compliance signed by the registration agent certifying that all the requirements of these Regulations relation to removal from the Foundations Register have been fulfilled.

(5) On receipt of the documents and information set out in subsection (4), the Registrar shall remove the name of the Foundation from the Foundations Register, giving such notice as it thinks fit and the Foundation shall cease to be an Abu Dhabi Global Market Foundation and the Registrar shall publish the fact of the removal of the Foundation from the Foundations Register in such manner as it thinks fit.

Dissolution

40. Dissolution of Foundations

(1) A Foundation shall be dissolved and removed from the Foundations Register in the following

circumstances –

(a)

it is established for a fixed term and such term expires;

(b)

its object is fulfilled or becomes incapable of fulfilment;

32

(c)

the Charter or By-laws require dissolution;

(d)

it is unable to pay its debts as they fall due;

(e)

any provision of these Regulations requires that it be dissolved; or

(f)

the Court orders dissolution.

(2) Where a Foundation is dissolved-

(a)

under paragraph (1)(d) above, the Foundation Council must appoint a liquidator; and

(b)

Under paragraphs (1)(a) – (c) and (e) above, the Foundation Council may, in its discretion, appoint a liquidator.

(3) A liquidator appointed under subsection (2) shall –

(a)

identify the Assets and liabilities of the Foundation;

(b)

discharge all liabilities of the Foundation;

(c)

prepare a statement of account in respect of all actions of the liquidation; and

(d)

distribute the Surplus Assets, if any, to any Remaining Beneficiary in accordance with the Charter or By-laws (and in the absence of any such express provision, equally between the remaining Beneficiaries if more than one) or in the case of a Foundation established to carry on a specified purpose, the Surplus Assets shall be applied to the furtherance of that purpose, and in a case where the Beneficiaries disclaim their entitlement or there is no specified purpose in the Charter or By-laws, the Surplus Assets shall vest in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(4) During the period of appointment a liquidator may exercise all the powers of a Foundation under these Regulations or in the Charter and may act in the name of the Foundation in the discharge of its duties under subsection (3).

(5) On completion of the dissolution of the Foundation, the liquidator shall provide written confirmation to the Foundation’s registered office that the dissolution is complete and the Foundation shall file a certified copy of the confirmation with the Registrar together with the stipulated fee.

(6) Upon receipt of the written confirmation referred to in subsection (5) and subject to all the requirements of these Regulations in respect of dissolution being satisfied, the Registrar will strike the Foundation off the Foundations Register and issue a certificate that the Foundation

33

has been dissolved, such dissolution having effect from the date that the Foundation is struck from the Foundations Register.

41. Petition to the Court for Dissolution

(1) A Foundation, a Councillor, a Founder, a Guardian, Remaining Beneficiary or creditor may

apply to the Court for an order for the dissolution of a Foundation.

(2) The Court may make an order for dissolution if it believes it is just and equitable to do so.

(3)

If the Court makes an order for