 all times be open to inspection by the Foundation’s Councillors and any Guardian.

(6)

If Accounting Records are kept at a place outside the Abu Dhabi Global Market, copies of Accounting Records, such that would:

(a)

disclose with reasonable accuracy the financial position of the Foundation at intervals of not more than six months; and

(b)

enable the Councillors to ensure that the accounts required to be prepared under this Part comply with the requirements of these Regulations,

must be sent to, and kept at, a place in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, and must at all times be open to inspection by the Foundation’s Councillors and any Guardian.

(7)

If a Foundation fails to comply with any provision of subsections (5) or (6), a contravention of these Regulations is committed by every Councillor of the Foundation who is in default.

17 Amended on 23 February 2023

17

(8) A Person does not commit the contravention referred to in subsection (7) if he shows that he acted honestly and that in the circumstances in which the Foundation’s activities were carried on the default was excusable.

(9) Subject to subsection (8), a Person who commits the contraventions referred to in subsection

(7) shall be liable to a level 2 fine.

(10) The Accounting Records of a Foundation that has its name struck off the Foundations Register

shall not be destroyed for a period of 5 years from the date of strike off.

(11) Failure to comply with subsection (10) is a contravention of these Regulations committed by

every Councillor of the Foundation who is in default.

(12) A person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (11) shall be liable to a fine

of up to level 4.

21. Maintaining Records

(1) Accounting Records that a Foundation is required by subsection 20(1) to keep must be

preserved by it for ten years from the date on which they are made.

(2) Subsection (1) is subject to any provision contained in other regulation or law applicable in the

Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(3)

If a Foundation fails to comply with subsection (1), a contravention of these Regulations is committed by every Councillor of the Foundation who is in default.

(4) A Person does not commit the contravention referred to in subsection (3) if he shows that he acted honestly and that in the circumstances in which the Foundation’s activities were carried on the default was excusable.

(5) A Councillor of a Foundation commits a contravention of these Regulations if he–

(a)

fails to take all reasonable steps for securing compliance by the Foundation with subsection (1), or

(b)

intentionally causes any default by the Foundation under that subsection.

18

(6) Subject to subsection (4), a Person who commits the contraventions referred to in subsection

(3) shall be liable to a level 2 fine.

(7) A Person who commits the contraventions referred to in subsection (5) shall be liable to a fine

of up to level 5.

(8) Not later than 14 days after the Registrar sends a written request to the Foundation’s registered office, the Foundation must deliver to the Registrar a copy of all requested Accounting Records and/or accounts and returns.

(9) Upon the written request of the Registrar delivered to the Foundation’s registered office, the Foundation must obtain an audit of such Accounting Records and/or accounts and returns as the Registrar may request. The results of such audit shall be delivered to the Registrar within such time period as the Registrar may specify.

(10) If the requirements of subsections (8) or (9) are not complied with, the Foundation and every

Councillor commits a contravention of these Regulations.

(11) A person does not commit the contravention referred to in subsection (10) if he proves that he took all reasonable steps for securing that those requirements would be complied with, and for this purpose, it is not enough to prove that the documents in question were not in fact prepared as required by this section.

(12) A person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (10) shall be liable to a fine

of up to level 5.

(13) The Accounting Records and