 strike the Foundation off the Foundations Register and issue a certificate that the Foundation

33

has been dissolved, such dissolution having effect from the date that the Foundation is struck from the Foundations Register.

41. Petition to the Court for Dissolution

(1) A Foundation, a Councillor, a Founder, a Guardian, Remaining Beneficiary or creditor may

apply to the Court for an order for the dissolution of a Foundation.

(2) The Court may make an order for dissolution if it believes it is just and equitable to do so.

(3)

If the Court makes an order for the dissolution of a Foundation it shall appoint a liquidator and the provisions of subsections 40 (3)-(5) shall apply to the appointment of the liquidator as if it had been appointed pursuant to a dissolution under section 40.

Striking off

42. Striking off for Default21

(1)

If the Registrar has reasonable cause to believe that any Foundation registered under these Regulations is in breach of or no longer satisfies the requirements prescribed under these Regulations, or engages in activities which are or may be contrary to the rules and regulations of the Abu Dhabi Global Market or may have a negative effect on its reputation as a financial centre, the Registrar may send to the Foundation a communication inquiring as to the area of concern, such communication must state that:

(a)

The Foundation has 14 days to respond to the Registrar; and

(b)

If an answer is not received, a notice will be published on the Registrar’s website stating that the Registrar proposes to strike off the Foundation from the Foundations Register.

(2)

If within 14 days of sending the communication, the Registrar:

(a)

receives an answer to the effect that the Foundation is in breach of or no longer satisfies the requirements prescribed under these Regulations, or engages in activities which are or may be contrary to the rules and regulations of the Abu Dhabi Global Market or may have a negative effect on its reputation as a financial centre; or

(b)

does not receive any answer,

the Registrar may publish on the Registrar’s website and send to the Foundation, a notice that at the expiration of two months from the date of the notice the name of the Foundation mentioned in it will, unless cause is shown to the contrary, be struck off the Foundations Register and the Foundation will be dissolved.

21 Amended on 1 January 2025

34

(3) At the expiration of the time mentioned in the notice the Registrar may, unless cause to the contrary is previously shown by the Foundation, strike its name off the Foundations Register.

(4) The Registrar must publish notice on the Registrar’s website of the Foundation’s name having

been struck off the Foundations Register.

(5) On the publication of the notice on the Registrar’s website the Foundation is dissolved.

(6) However –

(a)

the liability (if any) of every Founder, Councillor and Guardian of the Foundation continues and may be enforced as if the Foundation had not been dissolved; and

(b)

nothing in this section affects the power of the Court.

(7) A Foundation may also be struck off of the Foundations Register if its annual fees or any

penalty amounts are not paid within 180 days of the date on which they fell due.

Effect of Dissolution

43. Consequences of Striking Off

In the event that the Foundation is struck off the Foundations Register –

(a)

the Foundation remains liable for all of its liabilities and the liabilities of the Councillors is unaffected;

(b)

the Foundation, the Council and the Guardian must cease to continue to act in any way with respect to the affairs of the Foundation.

Restoration of Name

44. Reinstatement on the Foundations Register

(1) When a Foundation has been struck off the Foundations Register under subsection 42(3) of these Regulations, the Foundation or its liquidator may apply to have the name of the Foundation reinstated on the Foundations Register, provided such application is made prior to the sixth anniversary of the removal from the Foundations Register.

(2) Upon payment of all outstanding annual fees and penalties to the Registrar, the Registrar may

reinstate the Foundation on the Foundations Register.

(3) Where the Foundation is reinstated on the Foundations Register under subsection (2), the Foundation is deemed to have continued in existence as if it had not been dissolved or struck off the Foundations Register.

35

PART 7 – CITATION, ENTRY INTO