 Foundation and every

Councillor commits a contravention of these Regulations.

(11) A person does not commit the contravention referred to in subsection (10) if he proves that he took all reasonable steps for securing that those requirements would be complied with, and for this purpose, it is not enough to prove that the documents in question were not in fact prepared as required by this section.

(12) A person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (10) shall be liable to a fine

of up to level 5.

(13) The Accounting Records and accounts and returns of a Foundation will not be subject to public

disclosure by the Registrar.

22. Appointment of Councillors

(1) Prior to registration of a Foundation, a Councillor shall be appointed by the Founder or Founders. Following registration, a Councillor shall be appointed in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Charter or By-laws.

(2)

In circumstances where the number of Councillors falls below the number required in subsection 19(1) or required in the Charter or By-laws, the necessary additional Councillors shall be appointed as soon as practicable as provided for in the Charter or By-laws, or, in the absence of any express provisions in the Charter or By-laws, in accordance with subsection (3) below.

(3) Where the Charter or By-laws of a Foundation contain no provision for the appointment of a new or additional Councillor, or such provision has lapsed or failed, or the Person or Persons required to exercise such power fail to do so for whatever reason, the Founder, a Guardian or a Beneficiary may make an application to the Court for the appointment of one or more

19

Councillors in order that the Foundation complies with the requirements of the Charter or By- laws or these Regulations.

(4) The appointment of a Person as a Councillor is personal to that Person and may not be assigned or delegated, except that a Councillor that is a Legal Person may act through its authorized officers or agents.

(5)

Every Person appointed, or to be appointed, as a Councillor shall be a fit and proper Person to hold that position.

(a)

In determining whether a Person is a fit and proper Person to be appointed as a Councillor, regard shall be had to –

i.

his probity, competence, solvency and soundness of judgement for fulfilling the responsibilities of that position;

ii.

the diligence with which he is fulfilling or likely to fulfil those responsibilities;

iii.

whether the interests of the Founder or any Beneficiaries are, or are likely to be, in any way threatened by his holding that position;

iv.

the rules, standards and guidelines of any relevant professional, governing, regulatory or supervisory authority; and

v.

his record of compliance with these Regulations in acting as a Councillor.

(b)

Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing subsections, regard may be had to the previous conduct and activities in business or financial matters of the Person in question.

Disqualification

23. Persons Disqualified from Being Councillors

No Person shall be appointed or be permitted to remain as a Councillor –

(a)

in the case of a natural person, if the Person is a Minor or mentally incapacitated or has an undischarged bankruptcy;

(b)

in the case of a Legal Person, if the Person is dissolved.

20

24. Notice of Appointment of Councillor

(1) A Foundation must give written notice of the appointment of a Councillor, including the full name and address of the Councillor, to its Company Service Provider18, if any, and the Registrar within 14 days of such appointment.

(2) A Foundation that contravenes subsection (1) is liable for a level 1 fine.

Councillors

25. Liability of Councillors for Breach of Duty

(1) Subject to the provisions of these Regulations and the provision of the Charter and By-laws, a Councillor who commits a breach of duty is liable for any loss in value of the Foundation Assets resulting from the breach.

(2) A Councillor is not liable for breach of duty committed by another Councillor unless –

(a)

he becomes or ought to have become aware of the breach or of the intention to commit a breach