 good faith and in the best interests of the Foundation;

22

(d)

(e)

(f)

(g)

to exercise independent judgment. This duty is not infringed by a Guardian acting in accordance with an agreement duly entered into by the Foundation that restricts the future exercise of discretion by a Guardian, or in a way authorised by the Foundation’s Charter;

to exercise reasonable care, skill and diligence. This means the care, skill and diligence that would be exercised by a reasonably diligent Person with the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a Person carrying out the functions carried out by the Guardian in relation to the Foundation, and the general knowledge, skill and experience that the Guardian has;

to not act on behalf of a Foundation, or exercise any of his powers as a Guardian, in relation to any matter in which he has, or can have, a direct or indirect interest that conflicts, or possibly may conflict, with the interests of the Foundation;

i.

This applies in particular to the exploitation of any property, information or opportunity (and it is immaterial whether the Foundation could take advantage of the property, information or opportunity).

ii.

This duty does not apply to a conflict of interest arising in relation to a transaction or arrangement with the Foundation.

iii.

This duty is not infringed if the situation cannot reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict of interest.

iv. Where nothing in the Foundation’s Charter invalidates such authorisation, authorisation may be given by the matter being proposed to and authorised by the Councillors. Where the Foundation’s Charter includes a provision enabling the Councillors to authorise the matter, authorisation may be given by the matter being proposed to and authorised by the Councillors in accordance with the Charter.

v.

Any reference in this paragraph (f) to a conflict of interest includes a conflict of interest and duty and a conflict of duties;

to not accept a benefit from a third party conferred by reason of his being a Guardian, or his doing (or not doing) anything as Guardian;

i.

A “third party” means a Person other than the Foundation or a Person acting on behalf of the Foundation.

ii.

Benefits received by a Guardian from a Person by whom his services (as a Guardian or otherwise) are provided to the Foundation are not regarded as conferred by a third party.

23

iii.

This duty is not infringed if the acceptance of the benefit cannot reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict of interest.

iv.

Any reference in this paragraph (g) to a conflict of interest includes a conflict of interest and duty and a conflict of duties;

(h)

to declare to the Councillors the nature and extent of any direct or indirect interest in a proposed transaction or arrangement with the Foundation;

i.

The declaration may (but need not) be made at a meeting of the Councillors.

ii.

If a declaration of interest under this paragraph (h) proves to be, or becomes, inaccurate or incomplete, a further declaration must be made.

iii.

Any declaration required by this paragraph (h) must be made before the Foundation enters into the transaction or arrangement.

iv.

This paragraph (h) does not require a declaration of an interest of which the Guardian is not aware or where the Guardian is not aware of the transaction or arrangement in question. For this purpose a Guardian is treated as being aware of matters of which he ought reasonably to be aware.

v.

A Guardian need not declare an interest if it cannot reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict of interest; if, or to the extent that, the Councillors are already aware of it (and for this purpose the Councillors are treated as aware of anything of which they ought reasonably to be aware); or if, or to the extent that, it concerns terms of his service contract that have been or are to be considered by a meeting of the Councillors, or by a committee of the Councillors appointed for the purpose under the Foundation’s Charter; and

(i)

to ensure compliance with section 20.

27. Persons Disqualified from Being Guardian

No Person shall be appointed or be permitted to remain as a Guardian –

(a)

in the case of a natural person, if the Person is a Minor or mentally incapacitated or has an undischarged bankruptcy;

(b)

in the case of a Legal Person, if the Person is dissolved.

24

28. Liability of