, the registration fee specified in rules made by the Board and a signed declaration of compliance that all requirements of these Regulations relating to registration have been fulfilled.

(2) Before registering a Foundation the Registrar shall satisfy itself that the Charter is in compliance with these Regulations. A Foundation may not be so formed for an unlawful purpose.

(3)

If the Registrar is satisfied that the requirements of these Regulations as to registration are complied with, the Registrar may accept the documents delivered to it, allocate a registered number to the Foundation and include the Foundation in the Foundations Register.

(4)

If the Registrar is not satisfied that a Charter complies with subsection (2) it shall inform the applicant of its decision, together with its reasons, within one month of submission of the Charter.

(5) With effect from the date of registration stated in the certificate of registration, the Foundation

shall be a legal entity having separate legal personality and may sue and be sued.

(6) On each anniversary of registration the Registrar must be paid the annual fee set out in rules

made by the Board.

2 Amended on 5 May 2020 3 Amended on 1 January 2025

2

4.

Certificate of Registration4

(1) On the registration of a Foundation, the Registrar shall give a certificate that the Foundation

is duly registered.

(2) The certificate of registration5 must state –

(a)

the name and registered number of the Foundation;

(b)

the date of its registration;

(c)

the address of its registered office in the Abu Dhabi Global Market; and, if different,

(d)

the name and address (in the Abu Dhabi Global Market) of its Company Service Provider6, if any.

(3) Subections 12(3) and 12(4) of the Companies Regulations 2020 shall apply mutatis mutandis

to certificates of registration for Foundations.

(4) The certificate of registration shall be in electronic form only, unless a request is made subject

to section 4(5).

(5) Any person may request that the Registrar provide it with a paper copy of any certificate of

registration, signed by the Registrar or authenticated by the Registrar's seal.

(6) The Board may make rules requiring the payment of certain fees to the Registrar for the

provision of the paper copy as described in subsection 4(5).7

(7) Upon registration, the Registrar shall allocate a registration number to the Foundation.

Registered Office

5.

Registered office

(1) A Foundation must at all times have a registered office in the Abu Dhabi Global Market to which all communications and notices may be addressed and which may be the same address as that of its Company Service Provider8.

(2) A Foundation may change the address of its registered office by giving notice to the Registrar. The change takes effect upon the notice being registered by the Registrar, but until the end of

4 Amended on 1 January 2025 5 Amended on 5 May 2020 6 Amended on 12 April 2021 7 Amended on 5 May 2020 8 Amended on 12 April 2021

3

the period of 14 days beginning with the date on which it is registered a Person may validly serve any document on the Foundation at the address previously registered.

6.

Names of Foundations

(1) The name of a Foundation shall end with the word “Foundation”.

(2) The name of a Foundation shall comply with the Business and Company Names Rules 2016,

as modified from time to time.

The Registrar

7.

Powers of the Registrar

(1) The Registrar shall administer these Regulations and perform the functions and exercise the powers conferred by or under these Regulations, the Companies Regulations 2015 and the Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015.

(2) The Registrar has the authority to approve such forms as it considers necessary for the purpose of these Regulations and may issue such guideline or directions as are required for the proper administration of these Regulations.

(3) The Registrar shall utilize the official seal referenced in Section 937 (The Registrar’s official seal) of the Companies Regulations 2015 in authenticating or issuing official documents in connection with the registration of Foundations under these Regulations.

(4) The Registrar may give directions to the Foundation requiring it−

(a)

to produce such documents (or documents of such description) as may be specified in the