 Registered Office Provider to that Foundation, unless a different registered office is otherwise expressly permitted by the Registrar; and,

(b)

is authorised to represent the Non-Exempt Foundation in its dealings with the Registrar.

(2A) With the exception of section 40 of these Regulations whereby either the Non-Exempt Foundation or the Company Service Provider may make the filing, a Company Service Provider of a Non-Exempt Foundation shall give all notices and make all filings that the Non- Exempt Foundation is obliged to make to the Registrar under:

(i)

these Regulations;

(ii)

the Commercial Licensing Regulations (Conditions of Licence and Branch Registration) Rules 2021 and any licence granted thereunder; and

(iii)

the Beneficial Ownership and Control Regulations 2018.

(3) A Non-Exempt Foundation must make available to its Company Service Provider such documents and information as is required to enable the Company Service Provider to comply with its obligations under this section.

(4)

If a default is made in complying with subsection (3), a contravention of these Regulations is committed by–

(a)

the Foundation, and

(b)

every Councillor who is in default.

(5) A Person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (4) is liable to a fine not

exceeding level 6.

18B. Service of Documents on Foundation16

A document may be served on a Foundation registered under these Regulations by leaving it at, or sending it by post to, the Foundation’s registered office or the office of its Company Service Provider appointed in accordance with section 18.

Foundation Council

19.

Foundation Council

(1) A Foundation is required to have a Council which consists of at least two Councillors.

16 Amended on 12 April 2021

14

(2) The Founder or a Legal Person may be appointed as Councillor.

(3) The duties of a Council are –

(a)

to carry out the objects of the Foundation;

(b)

to manage and administer the Assets of the Foundation; and

(c)

to do any other acts which may be required by the Charter, By-laws or under these Regulations.

(4) The duties of the Councillors are –

(a)

to act in accordance with the Foundation’s Charter;

(b)

to only exercise powers for the purposes for which they are conferred;

(c)

to act honestly, in good faith and in the best interests of the Foundation;

(d)

to exercise independent judgment. This duty is not infringed by a Councillor acting in accordance with an agreement duly entered into by the Foundation that restricts the future exercise of discretion by its Councillors, or in a way authorised by the Foundation’s Charter;

(e)

to exercise reasonable care, skill and diligence. This means the care, skill and diligence that would be exercised by a reasonably diligent Person with the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a Person carrying out the functions carried out by the Councillor in relation to the Foundation, and the general knowledge, skill and experience that the Councillor has;

(f)

to not act on behalf of a Foundation, or exercise any of his powers as a Councillor, in relation to any matter in which he has, or can have, a direct or indirect interest that conflicts, or possibly may conflict, with the interests of the Foundation;

i.

This applies in particular to the exploitation of any property, information or opportunity (and it is immaterial whether the Foundation could take advantage of the property, information or opportunity).

ii.

This duty does not apply to a conflict of interest arising in relation to a transaction or arrangement with the Foundation.

iii.

This duty is not infringed if the situation cannot reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict of interest, or if the matter has been authorised by the Councillors who do not have a direct or indirect interest that conflicts with the interests of the Foundation in such matter (“Non-conflicted Councillors”).

15

(g)

(h)

iv. Where nothing in the Foundation’s Charter invalidates such authorisation, authorisation may be given by the matter being proposed to and authorised by the Non-conflicted Councillors. Where the Foundation’s Charter includes a provision enabling the Non-conflicted Councillors to authorise the matter, authorisation may be given by the matter being proposed to and authorised by the Non-conflicted Councillors in