 Supplementary Assets may be endowed upon the Foundation;

(c)

provide the names and addresses of each of the initial Councillors and the Beneficiaries;

(d)

provide for additions or removals of Beneficiaries, either revocably or irrevocably;

(e)

make the interests of Beneficiaries conditional, liable to termination or subject to a restriction; and

(f)

provide for any other matter in respect of the Foundation in addition to the matters required to be set out in the By-laws or in these Regulations.

(4) The By-laws shall not contain the provisions referenced in subsection 25(3).

(5) The By-laws shall be in writing and signed and executed by each Founder or each Councillor

if there is no surviving Founder.

(6) To the extent of any conflict between the Charter and the By-laws, the Charter shall control.

12. Amendment of By-laws

Subject to the provisions of the Charter or By-laws, the Council may amend or replace the By- laws by a unanimous resolution of the Councillors.

10

PART 3 – FOUNDATION ASSETS

Assets

13. Minimum Initial Asset Value

In order to be registered by the Registrar the Charter must require the Foundation to have Initial Assets with a value of 100 US dollars or its equivalent in any other currency.

14. Undertakings to Endow a Foundation

Where a Charter or other legal documents record an undertaking by a Founder or any other Person to endow Assets to a Foundation, the Foundation may enforce that undertaking against the Founder or such other Person.

15. Assets of a Foundation

(1) The Assets of a Foundation may comprise any property.

(2) This subsection (1) is to be read in accordance with sections 32, 33 and 34 of these

Regulations.

16. Management of Foundation Assets

The Assets of a Foundation must be managed in accordance with the Charter, By-laws and the provisions of these Regulations and solely for the attainment of the objects specified in the Charter and authorized by these Regulations.

PART 4 – RESERVATION OF POWERS TO FOUNDER

Reserved Powers

17. Reserved Powers

(1) The Charter or By-laws may reserve, for the Founder or any other Person, the following

powers:

(a)

the power to amend, revoke or vary the terms of the Charter or By-laws;

(b)

the power to change the objects of the Foundation and to dissolve the Foundation;

(c)

the power to direct or approve the investment activities of the Foundation;

(d)

the power to appoint and remove any Councillor;

(e)

the power to appoint or remove any Guardian;

11

(f)

the power to add or exclude any Beneficiary;

(g)

the power to amend the rights, entitlements or restrictions of a Beneficiary;

(h)

the power to effect the continuation of an Overseas Foundation,

provided that any disposition of any Assets of a Foundation must be made through a Resolution of Councillors which shall give effect to the exercise of reserved powers as provided in the Charter or By-laws.

PART 5 – FOUNDATION OFFICIALS

Company Service Provider13

18. Non-Exempt Foundations to have a Company Service Provider14

(1) Subject to subsections (2), (3) and (4), a Foundation must at all times have a Company Service Provider, licensed pursuant to the Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015 to carry out the controlled activity of providing company services, as defined in Rule 7 of the Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015 (Controlled Activities) Rules 2021.

(2) Notwithstanding subsection (1), a Foundation that has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the

Registrar to have–

(a)

substantial resources, experience and personnel in the United Arab Emirates, and

(b)

adequate governance policies and procedures, in each case as may be specified by rules made by the Board or guidance issued by the Registrar,

need not have a Company Service Provider.

(3) The requirement for a Non-Exempt Foundation registered in ADGM to appoint a Company Service Provider in accordance with subsection (1) takes effect from the Effective Date.

(4) Any Non-Exempt Foundation registered in ADGM –

(a)

prior to or on the date on which the Foundations (Amendment No. 1) Regulations 2021 comes into force, must have a Company Service Provider in