.

(4) The Charter shall not contain the provisions referenced in subsection 25(3).

9A. Statement of Initial Beneficial Ownership and Control12

(1) An application to register a Foundation pursuant to these Regulations must also contain a statement of initial beneficial ownership and control, stating whether, on incorporation, there will be any person who will be considered a beneficial owner of the Foundation.

(2) The statement required to be delivered to the Registrar must contain the required particulars

as prescribed under section 2 of the Beneficial Ownership and Control Regulations 2018.

(3)

For the purposes of this section, “beneficial owner” shall have the meaning prescribed to it in Schedule 1 (Meaning of Beneficial Owner) of the Beneficial Ownership and Control Regulations 2018.

12 Amended on 17 April 2018

8

Facility to Amend Charter and Confidential Disclosure

10. Amendment of Charter or Revision of Confidential Disclosure

(1) The Charter may make provision permitting its amendment.

(2) Where no provision is made for the amendment of the Charter, the Charter may still be amended in writing by the Founder during the Founder’s lifetime/existence or in the case of multiple Founders, by the Founders jointly during their joint lifetimes/existences or by the surviving Founder or Founders jointly.

(3)

In the event that there is no surviving Founder at the time of a proposed amendment under subsection (2) the Council may approve the proposed amendment by a Resolution of Councillors if the amendment is in their opinion necessary for the furtherance of the objects of the Foundation.

(4) A Resolution of Councillors approving an amendment to the Charter must be confirmed by the

Court under subsection (5).

(5) An application must be made by the Foundation Council to the Court requesting the confirmation of the amendment to the Charter. The Court may confirm, reject or modify the amendment or make such other order as it thinks fit for carrying into effect an amendment.

(6) Amendment to the Charter shall be executed by or on behalf of each Founder or in the case

of an amendment under subsection (3) by each Councillor.

(7) Any changes to the information contained in a Foundation’s Confidential Disclosure shall be in

accordance with these Regulations.

(8) Where a Foundation amends its Charter or changes the information contained in its Confidential Disclosure, it must send to the Registrar a copy of the updated document not later than 14 days after the amendment takes effect or the information changes, as applicable. If a Foundation fails to comply with this subsection a contravention of these Regulations is committed by the Foundation and every Councillor of the Foundation who is in default. A Person who commits the contravention referred to in this subsection is liable for a level 2 fine.

By-laws

11. By-laws of a Foundation

(1) A Foundation shall have By-laws that comply with the provisions of these Regulations. For the avoidance of doubt, any provisions, duties, powers, functions and rights set forth in By-laws

9

are for internal governance purposes only and shall in no way replace or limit the processes, restrictions, oversight or other terms set forth in these Regulations.

(2)

If the following matters are not included in the Charter, they must be set out in the By-laws -

(a)

the functions of the Council (including the nature of any powers to delegate its responsibilities); and

(b)

the procedures for the appointment, registration and removal of Councillors and any Guardian and details of any remuneration payable to the Councillors and any Guardian.

(3) The By-laws may -

(a)

detail the circumstances in which Assets of a Foundation may be distributed, accumulated or applied;

(b)

describe whether, and if so how, Supplementary Assets may be endowed upon the Foundation;

(c)

provide the names and addresses of each of the initial Councillors and the Beneficiaries;

(d)

provide for additions or removals of Beneficiaries, either revocably or irrevocably;

(e)

make the interests of Beneficiaries conditional, liable to termination or subject to a restriction; and

(f)

provide for any other matter in respect of the Foundation in addition to the matters required to be set out in the By-laws or in these Regulations.

(4) The By-laws shall not contain the provisions referenced