 any liquidator, receiver or administrator.

38. Registration of an Overseas Foundation

(1) An application for registration as an Abu Dhabi Global Market Foundation shall be made to the

Registrar.

(2) The applicant shall provide the Registrar with the following documents:

(a)

A copy of the Foundation’s certificate of establishment (if any) in its current place of establishment;

(b)

a copy of the Foundation’s existing Charter and, if different, a copy of the amended Charter which will apply immediately upon its registration in the Abu Dhabi Global Market and which must comply with section 9 of these Regulations;

(c)

the names and addresses of the Foundation Councillors and Guardian (if any);

(d)

the name of the Foundation, which must comply with section 6 of these Regulations;

(e)

the address of the Foundation’s registered office in the Abu Dhabi Global Market;

(f)

the name and address (in the Abu Dhabi Global Market) of the Company Service Provider 20 of the Foundation, if any;

(g)

all other information and documents included in the Registration Application;

(h)

evidence that migration is permitted under the law in which the Foundation is established and that the Foundation is in compliance with section 37 of these Regulations;

(i)

confirmation that, on the date of registration, the Foundation will cease to be established and registered under the law of any place other than the Abu Dhabi Global Market;

(j)

a statement of solvency;

(k)

evidence that the Foundation has legal personality in the place in which it was established or registered;

20 Amended on 12 April 2021

30

(l)

a declaration of compliance signed by the applicant that all requirements of these Regulations relating to registration have been fulfilled;

(m)

such other information as the Registrar would require on an application to transfer registration under these Regulations; and

(n)

such other documents and information as the Registrar may require in respect of a particular application under this section.

(3) On receipt of the documents and information set out in subsection (2) and the relevant fee the Registrar shall register the Foundation by inscribing its name in the Foundations Register and issuing a certificate of registration.

Transfer of Registration

39. Facility to Transfer Registration

(1)

If the Charter or By-laws of a Foundation so permit, a Foundation representative may submit to the Registrar an application on behalf of a Foundation to remove the Foundation from the Foundations Register in order to become established as a foundation with legal personality under the law of a jurisdiction outside the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(2) A Foundation cannot be removed from the Foundations Register if -

(a)

it is bankrupt or in the process of being dissolved, or a liquidator, receiver or administrator has been appointed in respect of any of its Assets; or

(b)

an application has been made to any court to commence insolvency proceedings, to approve any arrangement with creditors or for the appointment of any liquidator, receiver or administrator.

(3) A Foundation must give written notice to its creditors of its intention to be removed from the Foundations Register at least 31 days before making an application to the Registrar for removal.

(a)

The notice–

i.

shall state that the Foundation intends to make the application to the Registrar, and shall specify the jurisdiction in which it proposes to become established as a foundation with legal personality;

ii.

shall be sent in writing to each creditor of the Foundation;

iii.

shall be published once in a national newspaper or in such other manner as the Court may on application direct; and

31

iv.

shall state that any creditor of the Foundation who objects to the application may within 30 days of the date of the advertisement give notice of his or her objection to the Foundation.

(b)

A creditor who gives notice in accordance with paragraph 39(3)(a)(iv) and whose claim against the Foundation has not been discharged may, within 30 days after the date of the notice, apply to the Court for an order restraining the application by the Foundation under this section 39.

(c)

On the creditor’s application the Court, if satisfied that the interests of the creditor would be unfairly prejudiced by the proposed transfer, may make an order (subject to such terms, if any, as it may think fit) restraining the application by the Foundation under this section 39.

(4) An application to the Registrar must be accompanied by -

(a)

evidence that the removal from the Foundations Register is not prohibited by the provisions of subsection