 subsection (1) is liable for a level 1 fine.

Councillors

25. Liability of Councillors for Breach of Duty

(1) Subject to the provisions of these Regulations and the provision of the Charter and By-laws, a Councillor who commits a breach of duty is liable for any loss in value of the Foundation Assets resulting from the breach.

(2) A Councillor is not liable for breach of duty committed by another Councillor unless –

(a)

he becomes or ought to have become aware of the breach or of the intention to commit a breach; and

(b)

he actively conceals the breach or intention, or fails within a reasonable time to take proper steps to protect or restore the Foundation Assets or to prevent the breach.

(3) The provisions of the Charter or By-laws of a Foundation may not –

(a)

relieve a Councillor of liability for a breach of duty arising from his own fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence; or

(b)

grant him any indemnity against the Foundation Assets in respect of any such liability.

Guardian

26. Guardian

(1)

In the event that there is no surviving Founder, a Guardian must be appointed. Such appointment shall be made by any Person empowered to do so in the Charter or By-laws or otherwise in writing, and if there is no such Person, a Councillor shall make application to the Court for the appointment of a Person to be the Guardian and the Court shall duly appoint a consenting Person to act as a Guardian.

(2) While there is a surviving Founder –

(a)

These Regulations defer to the Charter or By-laws of a Foundation as to whether a Guardian is to be appointed.

18 Amended on 12 April 2021

21

(b)

A Guardian may be appointed by the Founder or any other Person empowered to do so in the Charter or By-laws or otherwise in writing.

(c)

Where the Charter or By-laws provide for the appointment of a Guardian and no such appointment is made, a Founder or Councillor may make application to the Court for the appointment of a Person to be the Guardian and in circumstances where the Court determined the application is justified it may duly appoint a consenting Person to act as a Guardian.

(3) A Guardian may be a Beneficiary and may be a Legal Person, but may not be a Founder,

Councillor or sole Beneficiary.

(4) The appointment of a Person to act as a Guardian is personal to that Person and may not be assigned or delegated except that a Guardian that is a Legal Person may act through its authorized officers or agents.

(5) Every Person appointed, or to be appointed, as a Guardian shall be a fit and proper Person to

hold that position.

(a)

In determining whether a Person is a fit and proper Person to be appointed as a Guardian, regard shall be had to –

i.

his probity, competence, solvency and soundness of judgement for fulfilling the responsibilities of that position;

ii.

the diligence with which he is fulfilling or likely to fulfil those responsibilities;

iii.

whether the interests of the Founder or any Beneficiaries are, or are likely to be, in any way threatened by his holding that position;

iv.

the rules, standards and guidelines of any relevant professional, governing, regulatory or supervisory authority; and

v.

his record of compliance with these Regulations in acting as a Guardian.

(b)

Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing subsections, regard may be had to the previous conduct and activities in business or financial matters of the Person in question.

(6) The duties of a Guardian are –

(a)

to act in accordance with the Foundation’s Charter;

(b)

to only exercise powers for the purposes for which they are conferred;

(c)

to act honestly, in good faith and in the best interests of the Foundation;

22

(d)

(e)

(f)

(g)

to exercise independent judgment. This duty is not infringed by a Guardian acting in accordance with an agreement duly entered into by the Foundation that restricts the future exercise of discretion by a Guardian, or in a way authorised by the Foundation’s Charter;

to exercise reasonable care, skill and diligence. This means the care, skill and diligence that would be exercised by a reasonably diligent Person with the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a Person carrying out the functions carried out by the