 or By-laws avoids or defeats rights, claims or any interest in property conferred by a foreign statute on any Person by reason of any personal relationship to the Founder or Subsequent Transferor or by way of heirship rights; or

(c)

the transfer of property to the Foundation or any term of its Charter or By-laws contravenes any foreign statute, foreign rule of heirship or foreign judicial or administrative order or action intended to recognise, protect, enforce or give effect to any such rights, claims or interest.

(5) A judgement of a foreign court shall not be recognised or enforced insofar as it is inconsistent

with subsections (3) and (4).

33. Bankruptcy of a Founder or Subsequent Transferor

(1) Subject to subsection (2), a Foundation or a transfer of property to a Foundation shall not be void, voidable or liable to be set aside by reason of a Founder or Subsequent Transferor’s bankruptcy, the liquidation of a Founder or Subsequent Transferor’s property or any action or claims made against a Founder or Subsequent Transferor by any creditor, notwithstanding any foreign statute providing otherwise.

(2) Notwithstanding subsection (1), where the Court determines that, at the time when the property was transferred to the Foundation, the Founder or Subsequent Transferor, as applicable, was insolvent or intended to defraud any creditor of the Founder or Subsequent Transferor, as

28

applicable, it may declare that the transfer of property was void to the extent of the creditor’s claim.

(3)

In making claims to set aside transfers of property to a Foundation under subsection (2), the burden of proof shall rest with the creditor.

Alienation of Property

34. Restriction on Alienation of Foundation Property

(1) No Beneficiary or object of a Foundation shall have any rights in specie against the Assets of the Foundation, notwithstanding any foreign statute or law to the contrary, and, subject to the terms of the Charter or By-laws, any Assets of the Foundation available for distribution to a Beneficiary shall not be –

(a)

capable of being alienated in the bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation of a Beneficiary; or

(b)

liable to be seized, sold, attached or otherwise taken in execution by process of law.

PART 6 – MIGRATION, REVOCATION AND DISSOLUTION

Registration of Overseas Foundation as an Abu Dhabi Global Market Foundation

35. Overseas Foundation Migrating to the Abu Dhabi Global Market

(1)

If its charter or by-laws so permit, a Foundation having legal personality and property established under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the Abu Dhabi Global Market (an “Overseas Foundation”) may apply to the Registrar to be registered as an Abu Dhabi Global Market Foundation in accordance with the provision of these Regulations.

(2) Upon registration in the Abu Dhabi Global Market the Overseas Foundation must cease to be registered in the jurisdiction in which it was established or where it is currently registered, if different.

36. Requirements for an Overseas Foundation to Register in Abu Dhabi Global Market

In order to register as a Foundation in Abu Dhabi Global Market the Overseas Foundation must be able to migrate under the law of the place in which it is currently established and must comply with the requirements of that law in relation to its registration in Abu Dhabi Global Market.

37. Prohibition on Registration of Overseas Foundations

No Overseas Foundation may be registered as an Abu Dhabi Global Market Foundation if –

29

(a)

the Foundation is bankrupt or in the process of being dissolved, or a liquidator, receiver or administrator has been appointed in respect of any of its property; or

(b)

any application has been made to any court to commence insolvency proceedings, to approve any arrangement with creditors or for the appointment of any liquidator, receiver or administrator.

38. Registration of an Overseas Foundation

(1) An application for registration as an Abu Dhabi Global Market Foundation shall be made to the

Registrar.

(2) The applicant shall provide the Registrar with the following documents:

(a)

A copy of the Foundation’s certificate of establishment (if any) in its current place of establishment;

(b)

a copy of the Foundation’s existing Charter and, if different, a copy of the amended Charter which will apply immediately upon its registration in the Abu Dhabi Global Market and which must comply with section 9 of these Regulations