 who is

–

(a)

identified in the Charter or By-laws by name; or

(b)

whose identity is ascertainable by reference to a class or a relationship to another Person, whether or not living, at the time that the Foundation is established or at the time, according to the terms of the Charter or By-laws, members of a class are to be determined.

26

(2) A Foundation may appoint a Beneficiary or Beneficiaries, as detailed in the Charter or By-laws.

(3) A Foundation created to carry on a specified purpose pursuant to these Regulations may, but

is not required to, appoint a Beneficiary or Beneficiaries.

(4) A Founder may be a Beneficiary, but may be the sole Beneficiary only during his lifetime.

(5)

In circumstances where a Foundation purports to appoint a Beneficiary or Beneficiaries, and no Beneficiary has been named in the Charter or By-laws, the Designee, shall become the Beneficiary.

(6) The By-laws may provide for the addition or removal of a Person as a Beneficiary or the

exclusion of a Beneficiary from benefit, either revocably or irrevocably.

(7) The By-laws may impose an obligation on a Beneficiary as a condition of benefit.

(8) The By-laws may provide that some or all of the Beneficiaries are entitled to information about the Foundation, including copies of the Charter and By-laws, Accounting Records, accounts and returns of the Foundation upon written request to the Council or the Company Service Provider19, if any.

(9) The By-laws may further provide some or all of the Beneficiaries with the right to petition the

Court to prohibit a change to the purpose of the Foundation or its dissolution.

PART 7 – FOREIGN LAWS

(Foundation Property)

32. Foundation Property

(1) Subject to sections 32, 33 and 34, Assets transferred to a Foundation or otherwise vested in it shall be the Assets of the Foundation with full legal and beneficial title and such Assets are no longer the property of the Founder or Subsequent Transferor and are not the Assets of any Beneficiary until such time as the Assets are distributed to such Beneficiary in accordance with the Charter or By-laws or these Regulations.

(2) A transfer or other disposition of property to a Foundation registered under these Regulations shall not be void, voidable or liable to be set aside by reference to a foreign role of forced heirship or any other law of a foreign jurisdiction.

(3)

In this section, “foreign role of forced heirship” means any rule of any jurisdiction other than the Abu Dhabi Global Market which, in order to protect the rights of any Person or class of Persons to inherit, succeed or share in the property of a Founder, Subsequent Transferor or Beneficiary in the event of their death, purports to remove or restrict the Founder, Subsequent

19 Amended on 12 April 2021

27

Transferor or Beneficiary’s right to transfer, dispose of, encumber or otherwise deal in property belonging to such Founder, Subsequent Transferor or Beneficiary during their lifetime and includes any judicial or administrative order or directive of a jurisdiction other than the Abu Dhabi Global Market seeking to implement or enforce such a role.

(4) A transfer of property to or the vesting of property in a Foundation, or the making of a distribution to a Beneficiary of a Foundation in accordance with the Charter, By-laws or the provisions of these Regulations, shall not be set aside or rendered void or voidable as a result of -

(a)

a foreign statute that prohibits or does not recognize the concept of a Foundation; or

(b)

a transfer of property to a Foundation or any term of its Charter or By-laws avoids or defeats rights, claims or any interest in property conferred by a foreign statute on any Person by reason of any personal relationship to the Founder or Subsequent Transferor or by way of heirship rights; or

(c)

the transfer of property to the Foundation or any term of its Charter or By-laws contravenes any foreign statute, foreign rule of heirship or foreign judicial or administrative order or action intended to recognise, protect, enforce or give effect to any such rights, claims or interest.

(5) A judgement of a foreign court shall not be recognised or enforced