 the Councillors who do not have a direct or indirect interest that conflicts with the interests of the Foundation in such matter (“Non-conflicted Councillors”).

15

(g)

(h)

iv. Where nothing in the Foundation’s Charter invalidates such authorisation, authorisation may be given by the matter being proposed to and authorised by the Non-conflicted Councillors. Where the Foundation’s Charter includes a provision enabling the Non-conflicted Councillors to authorise the matter, authorisation may be given by the matter being proposed to and authorised by the Non-conflicted Councillors in accordance with the Charter.

v.

Any reference in this paragraph (f) to a conflict of interest includes a conflict of interest and duty and a conflict of duties;

to not accept a benefit from a third party conferred by reason of his being a Councillor, or his doing (or not doing) anything as Councillor;

i.

A “third party” means a Person other than the Foundation or a Person acting on behalf of the Foundation.

ii.

Benefits received by a Councillor from a Person by whom his services (as a Councillor or otherwise) are provided to the Foundation are not regarded as conferred by a third party.

iii.

This duty is not infringed if the acceptance of the benefit cannot reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict of interest.

iv.

Any reference in this paragraph (g) to a conflict of interest includes a conflict of interest and duty and a conflict of duties;

to declare to the other Councillors the nature and extent of any direct or indirect interest in a proposed transaction or arrangement with the Foundation;

i.

The declaration may (but need not) be made at a meeting of the Councillors.

ii.

If a declaration of interest under this paragraph (h) proves to be, or becomes, inaccurate or incomplete, a further declaration must be made.

iii.

Any declaration required by this paragraph (h) must be made before the Foundation enters into the transaction or arrangement.

iv.

This paragraph (h) does not require a declaration of an interest of which the Councillor is not aware or where the Councillor is not aware of the transaction or arrangement in question. For this purpose a Councillor is treated as being aware of matters of which he ought reasonably to be aware.

v.

A Councillor need not declare an interest if it cannot reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict of interest; if, or to the extent that, the other Councillors are already aware of it (and for this purpose the other Councillors are treated as aware of anything of which they ought reasonably to be aware);

16

or if, or to the extent that, it concerns terms of his service contract that have been or are to be considered by a meeting of the Councillors, or by a committee of the Councillors appointed for the purpose under the Foundation’s Charter; and

(i)

to ensure compliance with section 20.

20. Accounting Records17

(1)

Every Foundation must keep adequate Accounting Records.

(2)

If a Foundation fails to comply with subsection (1), a contravention of these Regulations is committed by every Councillor of the Foundation who is in default.

(3) A Person does not commit the contravention referred to in subsection (2) if he shows that he acted honestly and that in the circumstances in which the Foundation’s activities were carried on the default was excusable.

(4) A Person who commits the contravention referred to in subsection (2) shall be liable to a fine

of up to level 5.

(5) A Foundation’s Accounting Records–

(a)

must be kept at its registered office or such other place as the Councillors think fit; and

(b)

must at all times be open to inspection by the Foundation’s Councillors and any Guardian.

(6)

If Accounting Records are kept at a place outside the Abu Dhabi Global Market, copies of Accounting Records, such that would:

(a)

disclose with reasonable accuracy the financial position of the Foundation at intervals of not more than six months; and

(b)

enable the Councillors to ensure that the accounts required to be prepared under this Part comply with the requirements of these Regulations,

must be sent to, and kept at, a place in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, and must at all times be open