2) The Registrar has the authority to approve such forms as it considers necessary for the purpose of these Regulations and may issue such guideline or directions as are required for the proper administration of these Regulations.

(3) The Registrar shall utilize the official seal referenced in Section 937 (The Registrar’s official seal) of the Companies Regulations 2015 in authenticating or issuing official documents in connection with the registration of Foundations under these Regulations.

(4) The Registrar may give directions to the Foundation requiring it−

(a)

to produce such documents (or documents of such description) as may be specified in the directions,

(b)

to provide such information (or information of such description) as may be so specified,

at such time and place as may be specified in the directions.

(5) The production of a document in pursuance of subsection (4) does not affect any lien which a

person has on the document.

(6) The Registrar may take copies of or extracts from a document produced in pursuance of this

section.

(7) The power under this section to require production of a document includes power, in the case of a document not in hard copy form, to require the production of a copy of the document−

(a)

in hard copy form, or

4

(b)

in a form from which a hard copy can be readily obtained.

(8) Any person who fails without reasonable excuse to comply with any requirement imposed in accordance with this section commits a contravention of these Regulations and shall be liable to a fine of up to level 7.

(9)

In this section “document” includes information recorded in any form.

(10) The Registrar may disclose any material held where such disclosure is–

(a)

is permitted or required to be made under the laws, regulations or rules of the Abu Dhabi Global Market,

(b)

is made to–

i.

the Financial Services Regulator;

ii.

a governmental or regulatory authority exercising powers and performing functions relating to anti-money laundering,

iii.

a self-regulatory body or organization exercising and performing powers and functions in relation to financial services,

iv.

a civil or criminal law enforcement agency, or

v.

a governmental or other regulatory authority including a self-regulatory body or organisation exercising powers and performing functions in relation to the regulation of auditors, accountants or lawyers, for the purpose of assisting the performance by any such person of its regulatory functions, or

(c)

is made in good faith for the purposes of performance and exercise of the functions and powers of the Registrar.

(11) The Registrar shall maintain a Foundations Register established under these Regulations

which will contain the following information in respect of each Foundation –

(a)

name and registration number;

(b)

name and address (in the Abu Dhabi Global Market) of its Company Service Provider9, if any;

(c)

name and address of each Councillor;

(d)

date of establishment under these Regulations; and

9 Amended on 12 April 2021

5

(e)

record of payment of annual fees.

(12) The Foundations Register shall be in such form as the Registrar may determine, but shall be separate and apart from the register established and maintained pursuant to Companies Regulations 2015.

(13) For the avoidance of doubt, Section 939 (Public notice of issue of certificate of incorporation) and Section 952 (Documents subject to enhanced disclosure requirements) of Companies Regulations 2015 do not apply in respect of Foundations.

7A. Fees payable to the Registrar10

(1) The Board may make rules requiring the payment to the Registrar of fees in respect of:

(a)

The performance of any of the Registrar’s functions, or

(b)

Provision by the Registrar of services or facilities for purposes incidental to, or otherwise connected with, the performance of any of the Registrar’s functions.

8.

Powers of the Court

Any Person with appropriate standing may apply to the Court to protect or enforce rights provided to them in these Regulations. The jurisdiction of the Court and the scope of its authority to issue enforceable writs, orders, judgements and process are as set forth in the ADGM Courts, Civil Evidence, Judgments, Enforcement and Judicial Appointments Regulations 2015.

PART 2 – FOUNDATION DOCUMENTS

Foundation Charter

9.

Foundation Charter

(1) A Foundation shall have a Charter that complies with the provisions of these Regulations. For the avoidance of doubt, any provisions,