 have been or are to be considered by a meeting of the Councillors, or by a committee of the Councillors appointed for the purpose under the Foundation’s Charter; and

(i)

to ensure compliance with section 20.

27. Persons Disqualified from Being Guardian

No Person shall be appointed or be permitted to remain as a Guardian –

(a)

in the case of a natural person, if the Person is a Minor or mentally incapacitated or has an undischarged bankruptcy;

(b)

in the case of a Legal Person, if the Person is dissolved.

24

28. Liability of a Guardian for Breach of Duty

(1) Subject to the provisions of these Regulations and the provision of the Charter and By-laws, a Guardian who commits a breach of duty is liable for any loss in value of the Foundation Assets resulting from the breach.

(2) The provisions of the Charter or By-laws of a Foundation may not –

(a)

relieve a Guardian of liability for a breach of duty arising from his own fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence; or

(b)

grant him any indemnity against the Foundation Assets in respect of any such liability.

Guardian Powers

29. Powers of the Guardian

(1) The powers of a Guardian may be set out in the Charter or By-laws of a Foundation and may

be greater or more limited than those set out in these Regulations.

(2) Subject to the terms of the Charter or By-laws a Guardian shall –

(a)

be responsible for ensuring compliance by the Foundation and its counsel with the Charter, By-laws and the provisions of these Regulations; and

(b)

supervise the activities of the Council in managing the Foundation.

(3) The Guardian shall have access to all information necessary for the exercise of its powers, in

particular to the Accounting Records, accounts and returns of the Foundation.

(4) The Guardian should be given due notice of meetings of the Foundation Council in order that he may table business, attend and participate in such meetings (although he will not have any entitlement to vote) and receive all papers circulated to Councillors including any copies of written resolutions of Councillors.

Circumstances in which a Guardian Ceases to Act

30. Guardian Ceasing to Act

(1) A Guardian shall cease to act as the Guardian in the event of –

(a)

the Guardian’s resignation;

(b)

the proper removal of the Guardian in accordance with the Charter, By-laws or the provisions of these Regulations;

(c)

the dissolution of the Foundation; or

25

(d)

the death, incapacity or bankruptcy of the Guardian where the Guardian is a natural person and, in the case of a Legal Person, the dissolution of such Person.

(2) Removal of a Guardian must be notified to the Registrar in accordance with subsection 10(8).

(3) A Foundation that contravenes subsection (2) is liable for a level 1 fine.

(4) Subject to the Charter or By-laws, a Founder or Councillor may apply to the Court to seek the removal of a Guardian for failure to properly carry out the duties required of a Guardian in the Charter, By-laws or the provisions of these Regulations and the Court may, if it deems fit, order the removal of the Guardian and the appointment of a fit and proper Person to act as Guardian.

(5)

In the absence of bad faith, a Guardian shall not be liable in damages for anything done or omitted to be done in the discharge of the duties of a Guardian under the Charter, By-laws or the provisions of these Regulations.

PART 6 – BENEFICIARIES

Beneficiaries

31. Beneficiaries of Foundations

(1) A Beneficiary is a natural person or Legal Person who may benefit from a Foundation who is

–

(a)

identified in the Charter or By-laws by name; or

(b)

whose identity is ascertainable by reference to a class or a relationship to another Person, whether or not living, at the time that the Foundation is established or at the time, according to the terms of the Charter or By-laws, members of a class are to be determined.

26

(2) A Foundation may appoint a Beneficiary or Beneficiaries, as detailed in the Charter or By-laws.

(3) A Foundation created to carry on a specified purpose pursuant to these Regulations