 or its liquidator may apply to have the name of the Foundation reinstated on the Foundations Register, provided such application is made prior to the sixth anniversary of the removal from the Foundations Register.

(2) Upon payment of all outstanding annual fees and penalties to the Registrar, the Registrar may

reinstate the Foundation on the Foundations Register.

(3) Where the Foundation is reinstated on the Foundations Register under subsection (2), the Foundation is deemed to have continued in existence as if it had not been dissolved or struck off the Foundations Register.

35

PART 7 – CITATION, ENTRY INTO FORCE AND INTERPRETATION

Citation, commencement and interpretation

45. Citation22

These Regulations may be cited as the Foundations Regulations 2017.

46. Entry into force23

These Regulations shall come into force on the date of their publication.

47. Definitions24

(1)

In these Regulations, unless otherwise defined –

“Accounting Records” is defined as follows:

(a)

Accounting Records means records that are sufficient–

i.

to show and explain the Foundation’s transactions,

ii.

to disclose with reasonable accuracy, at any time, the financial position of the Foundation at that time, and

iii.

to enable the Councillors to ensure that any accounts required to be prepared comply with the requirements of these Regulations.

(b)

Accounting Records must, in particular, contain records and underlying documents comprising initial and other accounting entries and associated supporting documents such as cheques; records of electronic fund transfers; invoices; contracts; the general and subsidiary ledgers, journal entries and other adjustments to the financial statements that are not reflected in journal entries; work sheets and spread sheets supporting cost allocations, computations, reconciliations and disclosures; and a record of the Assets and liabilities of the Foundation.

“ADGM Founding Law” has the meaning set forth in the Interpretation Regulations 2015;

“Assets” means any property in which a Foundation has any interest or over which it has any rights;

“Beneficiary” has the meaning set forth in section 31;

“By-laws” means the by-laws of a Foundation, if any, adopted under section 13, as may be amended from time to time under section 14;

22 Amended on 1 January 2025 23 Amended on 1 January 2025 24 Amended on 12 April 2021

36

“Charter” means the charter of a Foundation adopted under section 2, as may be amended from time to time under section 7;

“Company Service Provider”, in relation to a Foundation registered under these Regulations, has the meaning set forth in section 18;

“Confidential Disclosure” means the following information, whether or not this information is also included in the Charter:

(a)

the name and address of each of the Councillors;

(b)

the names and addresses of any Beneficiaries;

(c)

the names and addresses of the Guardian (if any); and

(d)

the name and address of each beneficial owner of each Founder which is a Legal Person (if any),

to be held confidentially by the Registrar, subject to any requirement to disclose such information to public authorities as set out in section 3(10), or in any other applicable law or regulations.

“Council” means the council of a Foundation referred to under section 19;

“Councillor” means a natural person or Legal Person appointed as a member of a Council under section 22;

“Court” has the meaning set forth in the Interpretation Regulations 2015;

“Designee” has the meaning set forth in section 9(2)(g);

“Effective Date”, for the purposes of section 18, means the date commencing 3 months from the date on which the Foundations (Amendment No. 1) Regulations 2021 come into force;

“Foundation” means a foundation established under section 1;

“Foundations Register” means the register of Foundations kept by the Registrar under section 3;

“Founder” means each natural person or Legal Person who subscribes their name to the Charter establishing a Foundation acting on their own account or on behalf of another, and who endows the Foundation with a portion of its Initial Assets;

“Guardian”, in relation to a Foundation, means a natural person or Legal Person, if any, appointed under section 26;

“Initial Assets”, in relation to a Foundation, means