 a DNFBP as it is likely to involve elements of both legal and accounting services i.e. advice on taxation law and the use of accounting skills to analyse financial records, and so fall within either paragraph (1)(d) or (e) of the DNFBP definition.

15.1 Registration and notifications

15.1.1 An applicant for registration as a DNFBP must apply to the DFSA by completing

and submitting the appropriate form on the DFSA electronic portal.

15.1.2

(1) To be registered as a DNFBP, an applicant must demonstrate to the DFSA’s

satisfaction that:

(a)

it is fit and proper to perform anti-money laundering functions; and

71

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

(b)

it has adequate resources and systems and controls, including policies and procedures, to comply with applicable anti-money laundering requirements under Federal AML legislation, the Regulatory Law and these Rules.

(2)

In assessing if an applicant is fit and proper under (1)(a), the DFSA may, without limiting the matters it may take into account under that paragraph, consider the applicant, its senior management, its beneficial owners, other entities in its Group and any other person with whom it has a relationship.

(3) The DFSA will in assessing if an applicant is fit and proper, consider the cumulative effect of matters that, if taken individually, may be regarded as insufficient to give reasonable cause to doubt the fitness and propriety of the applicant.

Guidance

Under the Regulatory Law, the DFSA may suspend or withdraw the registration of a DNFBP where the DNFBP no longer meets the criteria for registration.

Annual Information Return

15.1.3 A DNFBP must complete the annual information return on the DFSA electronic portal for each calendar year and submit the return to the DFSA by 31 January of the following year.

Notification of changes

15.1.4 A DNFBP must notify the DFSA, by completing and submitting the appropriate form

on the DFSA electronic portal, of any change in its:

(a)

name;

(b)

legal status;

(c)

address;

(d)

MLRO;

(e)

senior management; or

(f)

beneficial ownership,

before such change takes effect or promptly thereafter if it is not possible to make the notification before the change takes effect.

15.2 Request to withdraw registration

15.2.1

(1) A DNFBP must notify the DFSA in writing 14 days in advance of it ceasing to

carry on its DNFBP business activities in or from the DIFC.

(2) The notice must include a request to cancel its registration, an explanation of the reason for it ceasing business, and attached copies of any relevant documents.

72

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

Guidance

1.

A DNFBP may request the withdrawal of its registration because, for example, it no longer meets the definition of a DNFBP, becomes insolvent or enters into administration, or proposes to leave the DIFC.

2.

In addition to being able to withdraw registration at a DNFBP’s request, the DFSA may suspend or withdraw the registration of a DNFBP on its own initiative in various circumstances (see Article 71F of the Regulatory Law).

15.3 Disclosure of regulatory status

15.3.1 A DNFBP must not:

(a)

misrepresent its regulatory status with respect to the DFSA expressly or by implication; or

(b)

use or reproduce the DFSA logo without express written permission from the DFSA and in accordance with any conditions for use.

15.3A Whistleblowing

Interpretation

15.3A.1 In this section:

(a)

“regulatory concern”, in relation to a DNFBP, means a concern held by any person that the DNFBP or an officer or employee of the DNFBP has or may have:

(i)

contravened a provision of legislation administered by the DFSA; or

(ii)

engaged in money laundering, fraud or any other financial crime;

(b)

“whistleblower” means a person who reports a regulatory concern