 of the United Nations, is required to comply with sanctions issued and passed by the United Nations Security Council (UNSC). These UNSC obligations apply in the DIFC and their importance is emphasised by specific obligations contained in this module requiring Relevant Persons to establish and maintain effective systems and controls to comply with UNSC sanctions and resolutions (See chapter 10).

24.

25.

The FATF has issued guidance on a number of specific UNSC sanctions and resolutions regarding the countering of the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. Such guidance has been issued to assist in implementing the targeted financial sanctions and activity based financial prohibitions. This guidance can be found on the FATF website www.fatf-gafi.org.

In relation to unilateral sanctions imposed in specific jurisdictions such as the European Union, the U.K. (HM Treasury) and the U.S. (Office of Foreign Assets Control), the DFSA expects a Relevant Person to consider and take positive steps to ensure compliance where required or appropriate.

7

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

Tax Issues and Exchange of Information for Tax purposes

27.

The DIFC benefits from an international customer base with a growing number of customers who may be investing with financial institutions outside their country of residence. These factors create a risk of the services of Relevant Persons being used to hide assets which are subject to taxation, or to launder the unlawful proceeds of tax crimes.

28.

The DFSA is committed to protecting the DIFC from being used to facilitate tax crimes and believes that strong AML policies, procedures, systems and controls, including robust customer due diligence requirements, are needed to mitigate the risk of tax crimes.

29.

Such measures will also ensure that a Relevant Person is able to comply with other international obligations such as the OECD Automatic Exchange of Information for Tax Purposes Programme and FATF Recommendations, which were updated in 2012 to expand the scope of money laundering predicate offences to include tax crimes (related to direct and indirect taxes).

30. A Relevant Person should therefore establish and maintain appropriate policies, procedures, systems and controls to enable it to detect and deter the laundering of proceeds of tax crimes. For example, as part of its risk-based approach under chapter 4, it should consider its tax risk exposure as a result of the nature of its business, customers, products, services and other relevant factors. It should also conduct appropriate customer due diligence to identify customers who may be subject to tax crime risk (see also the Guidance after Rule 6.1.4).

Virtual Asset Service Providers

31.

Federal Cabinet Resolution No. 10 of 2019 applies the requirements under Federal AML legislation to Virtual Asset Service Providers (VASPs), in addition to Financial Institutions and DNFBPs. The DFSA’s AML regime applies in addition to the Federal AML legislation. For the purposes of the DFSA’s AML regime, VASPs will typically be Authorised Firms or Authorised Market Institutions.

NFTs and Utility Tokens

32.

The DFSA excludes a Non-Fungible Token (NFT) and a Utility Token from its Crypto Token definition where such a Token meets specified criteria (see GEN A2.5). The DFSA has, however, prescribed in AML Rule 3.2.1 that a person who carries on the business or profession of issuing or providing services related to a NFT or Utility Token is a DNFBP. An exclusion applies, in the case of an issuer, if the value of each NFT or Utility Token issued is less than $15,000 and, in the case of a service provider, if the service is IT support or advice to an issuer.

Dealers in precious metals or precious stones

33.

The Regulatory Law requires a person who carries on a Designated Non-Financial Business or Profession (DNFBP) in or from the DIFC to be registered by the DFSA. In the case of a dealer in precious metals or precious stones, the DNFBP definition applies to a dealer which carries out a single cash transaction, or several cash transactions that appear to be connected, with a value of $15,000 or more. Therefore, a dealer in precious metals or precious stones will not have to register as a DNFBP if it can ensure that the value of each transaction it carries out (single or connected)