)

there is a change in risk-rating of the customer, or it is otherwise warranted by a change in circumstances of the customer.

Establishing a business relationship before verification

7.2.2

(1)

A Relevant Person may establish a business relationship with a customer before completing the verification required by Rule 7.3.1 if the following conditions are met:

29

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

(a)

deferral of the verification of the customer or Beneficial Owner is necessary in order not to interrupt the normal conduct of a business relationship;

(b)

there is little risk of money laundering occurring and any such risks identified can be effectively managed by the Relevant Person;

(c)

in relation to a bank account opening, there are adequate safeguards in place to ensure that the account is not closed and transactions are not carried out by or on behalf of the account holder (including any payment from the account to the account holder) before verification has been completed; and

(d)

subject to (2), the relevant verification is completed as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event no later than 30 days after the establishment of a business relationship.

(2)

Where a Relevant Person is not reasonably able to comply with the 30 day requirement in (1)(d), it must, prior to the end of the 30 day period:

(a)

document the reason for its non-compliance;

(b)

complete the verification in (1) as soon as possible; and

(c)

record the non-compliance event in its annual AML Return.

(3)

The DFSA may specify a period within which a Relevant Person must complete the verification required by (1) failing which the DFSA may direct the Relevant Person to cease any business relationship with the customer.

(4)

A Relevant Person must ensure that its AML systems and controls referred to in Rule 5.2.1 include risk management policies and procedures concerning the conditions under which business relationships may be established with a customer before completing verification.

Guidance

1.

For the purposes of Rule 7.2.1(2)(a), examples of situations which might lead a Relevant Person to have doubts about the veracity or adequacy of documents, data or information previously obtained could be where there is a suspicion of money laundering in relation to that customer, where there is a material change in the way that the customer’s account is operated, which is not consistent with the customer’s business profile, or where it appears to the Relevant Person that a person other than the customer is the real customer.

2.

In Rule 7.2.2(1)(a), situations that the Relevant Person may take into account include, for example, accepting subscription monies during a short offer period or executing a time critical transaction, which if not executed immediately, would or may cause a customer to incur a financial loss due to price movement or loss of opportunity or when a customer seeks immediate insurance cover.

3. When complying with Rule 7.2.1, a Relevant Person should also, where relevant, consider Rule 7.7.1 regarding failure to conduct or complete CDD and chapter 13 regarding SARs and tipping off.

4.

For the purposes of Rule 7.2.2(1)(d), the DFSA considers that in most situations as soon as reasonably practicable would be within 30 days after the establishment of a business relationship. However, it will depend on the nature of the customer business relationship.

30

AML/VER27/03-25

7.3

7.3.1

7.3.2

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

Customer due diligence requirements

Undertaking customer due diligence

(1)

In undertaking Customer Due Diligence required by Rule 7.1.1(1)(a) a Relevant Person must:

(a)

identify the customer and verify the customer’s identity;

(b)

identify any Beneficial Owners of the customer and take reasonable measures to verify the identity of the Beneficial Owners, so that the Relevant Person is satisfied that it knows who the Beneficial Owners are;

(c)

if the customer is a legal person or legal arrangement, take reasonable measures to understand the nature of the customer’s business and its ownership and control structure; and

(d)

und