.1(1)(b) and Rule 7.3.3 for verifying the identity of Beneficial Owners, where no threshold is specified (see Guidance items 4 to 7 above). As a result, under the Federal AML legislation a Relevant Person will need to obtain information identifying natural persons who have a controlling interest of more than 25%. Then, in accordance with the risk-based approach in Guidance items 4 to 7, the Relevant Person should determine whether it is necessary also to identify other persons who may be Beneficial Owners, and verify their identity.

Guidance on politically exposed persons

9.

Individuals who have, or have had, a high political profile, or hold, or have held, public office, can pose a higher money laundering risk to a Relevant Person as their position may make them vulnerable to corruption. This risk also extends to members of their families and to known

36

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

close associates. Politically Exposed Person (“PEP”) status itself does not, of course, incriminate individuals or entities.

10. Generally, a foreign PEP presents a higher risk of money laundering because there is a greater risk that such person, if he was committing money laundering, would attempt to place his money offshore where the customer is less likely to be recognised as a PEP and where it would be more difficult for law enforcement agencies in his home jurisdiction to confiscate or freeze his criminal property. 11.

10. Generally, a foreign PEP presents a higher risk of money laundering because there is a greater risk that such person, if he was committing money laundering, would attempt to place his money offshore where the customer is less likely to be recognised as a PEP and where it would be more difficult for law enforcement agencies in his home jurisdiction to confiscate or freeze his criminal property. Corruption-related money laundering risk increases when a Relevant Person deals with a PEP. Corruption may involve serious crimes and has become the subject of increasing global concern. Corruption offences are predicate crimes under the Federal AML legislation. A Relevant Person should note that customer relationships with family members or close associates of PEPs involve similar risks to those associated with PEPs themselves.

12.

The DFSA considers that after leaving office a PEP may remain a higher risk for money laundering if such person continues to exert political influence or otherwise pose a risk of corruption.

The fact that an individual is a PEP does not automatically mean that the individual must be assessed to be a high risk customer. A Relevant Person will need to assess the particular circumstances relating to each PEP to determine what risk category is appropriate. If the PEP is assigned a high risk, then the Relevant Person will need to undertake the Enhanced Customer Due Diligence measures under Rule 7.4.1. However, even if a PEP is not assigned a high risk, the Relevant Person is required as a minimum to undertake the additional customer due diligence measures specified in Rule 7.3.8(2) and (3) for PEPs.

7.4

Enhanced customer due diligence

7.4.1 Where a Relevant Person is required to undertake Enhanced Customer Due

Diligence under Rule 7.1.1(1)(b) it must, to the extent applicable to the customer:

(a)

obtain and verify additional:

(i)

identification information on the customer and any Beneficial Owner;

(ii)

information on the intended nature of the business relationship; and

(iii)

information on the reasons for a transaction;

(b)

update more regularly the Customer Due Diligence information which it holds on the customer and any Beneficial Owners;

(c)

take reasonable measures to establish:

(i)

the source of funds; and

(ii)

the source of wealth,

of the customer or, if applicable, of the Beneficial Owner;

(d)

increase the degree and nature of monitoring of the business relationship, in order to determine whether the customer’s transactions or activities appear unusual or suspicious;

(e)

obtain the approval of senior management to commence or continue a business relationship with a customer; and

37

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

(f)

where applicable, require that any first payment made by a customer in order