If a customer is a legal arrangement, a Relevant Person must identify and verify the Beneficial Owners under Rule 7.3.1(1)(b) in accordance with this Rule.

33

AML/VER27/03-25

7.3.7

7.3.8

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

(2) The Relevant Person must identify:

(a)

for a trust, the settlor, trustee, protector, enforcer, beneficiaries and any other natural person who exercises ultimate effective control over the trust; and

(b)

for other types of legal arrangements, persons in equivalent or similar positions to those persons referred to in (a).

(3)

If the beneficiaries of a trust or arrangement are designated by characteristics or by class, the Relevant Person must obtain sufficient information about the beneficiaries to satisfy itself that it will be able to establish the identity of a beneficiary:

(a) before it makes a distribution to the beneficiary; or

(b) when the beneficiary intends to exercise vested rights.

(4) The Relevant Person must verify the identity of a beneficiary referred to in (3) before it makes a distribution to the beneficiary or the beneficiary exercises vested rights.

Identifying and verifying beneficiary of a life insurance policy

(1) This Rule applies if a Relevant Person is providing a customer with a life

insurance or other similar policy.

(2) The Relevant Person must, in addition to complying with Rule 7.3.1:

(a)

if a beneficiary is specifically named in the policy, record the name of that person; and

(b)

if the beneficiaries of the policy are designated by characteristics or by class, obtain sufficient information to satisfy itself that it will be able to establish the identity of the beneficiaries when any payment is due to be made under the policy.

(3) The Relevant Person must undertake the measures referred to in (2) as soon

as the beneficiary of the policy is identified or designated.

(4) The Relevant Person must verify the identity of beneficiaries and any

Beneficial Owners of a beneficiary before it makes a payout under the policy.

Guidance

An insurance policy that is similar to a life insurance policy includes life-related protection, or a pension or investment product that pays out to the policyholder or beneficiary upon a particular event occurring or upon redemption.

Politically Exposed Persons: other measures

(1) A Relevant Person must take reasonable measures to determine:

(a)

if a customer, or a Beneficial Owner of a customer, is a Politically Exposed Person (PEP); and

34

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

(b)

for a life insurance or other similar policy, if a beneficiary of the policy, or a Beneficial Owner of a beneficiary, is a PEP.

(2)

If a customer, or a Beneficial Owner of a customer, is a PEP, a Relevant Person must:

(a) obtain the approval of senior management to commence or continue

the business relationship with the customer;

(b)

take reasonable measures to establish the source of wealth and source of funds of the customer or Beneficial Owner; and

(c)

increase the degree and nature of monitoring of the business relationship, to determine whether the customer’s transactions or activities appear unusual or suspicious.

(3)

If a beneficiary of a life insurance or other similar policy, or a Beneficial Owner of a beneficiary, is a PEP, a Relevant Person must:

(a)

obtain the approval of senior management to make any payout under the policy;

(b)

take reasonable measures to establish the source of wealth and source of funds of the beneficiary or Beneficial Owner of the beneficiary; and

(c)

increase the degree and nature of monitoring of its business relationship with the customer’s transactions or activities appear unusual or suspicious.

the policyholder,

to determine whether

(4)

A Relevant Person must carry out the additional Customer Due Diligence referred to in (3) before it makes any payout under the policy.

Guidance on CDD

1.

Items (a) to (c) in Rule 7.3.2(2) should be obtained from a current valid passport or, where a customer does not possess a passport, an official identification document which includes a photograph. The concept of domicile generally refers to the place which a person regards as his