 have in place adequate transaction monitoring procedures to detect the origin, any intermediate transaction, and the destination of Crypto Tokens transferred from or to its customer so that it is able to identify and report any suspicious transaction.

(2) The procedures in (1) must provide for the:

(a)

tracking of the transaction history of Crypto Tokens to accurately identify their source and destination; and

(b)

identification of transactions involving Digital Wallet addresses that are associated with illicit or suspicious activities.

9.3A.4 (1) Before effecting a Crypto Token transfer (“CTT”) with a total value of $1,000 or more, an Authorised Person must conduct due diligence on each VASP counterparty involved in the CTT to identify and assess the money laundering risks associated with the transfer and apply appropriate risk-based measures.

(2) The due diligence under (1) must at least:

(a)

identify the VASP counterparty;

(b)

collect sufficient information about the VASP to understand:

(i)

the nature of its business;

(ii)

its reputation; and

(iii)

the quality and effectiveness of the money laundering regulation and supervision applying to the VASP in the jurisdictions in which it operates;

(c)

determine the nature and expected volume and value of the CTT; and

(d) assess the money laundering controls of the VASP counterparty in order to be satisfied that those controls are adequate and effective.

Guidance

1. When an Authorised Person transfers Crypto Tokens it will be exposed to money laundering risks which may vary depending on a number of factors, including: (a) the types of products and services offered; (b) the types of customers to which the counterparty provides services; 52

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

(c) geographical exposures of the counterparty and its customers; (d) the anti-money laundering regime in the jurisdictions in which the counterparty operates and/or is incorporated; and (e) the adequacy and effectiveness of the money laundering controls of the counterparty. The purpose of this section is to ensure that an Authorised Person avoids sending or receiving (where possible) Crypto Tokens to or from an illicit actor or a person that had not been subjected to appropriate due diligence measures.

2.

An Authorised Person that sends or receives Crypto Tokens on behalf of a customer should be aware of its obligations under Article 33 bis 3 of Cabinet Decision No 10 of 2019. These obligations include the requirement to obtain and keep accurate information on the sender and beneficiary of the transfer and to provide that information to the VASP immediately and securely.

9.3B Additional requirements for NFT and Utility Token transfers

9.3B.1 A DNFBP that sends or receives NFTs or Utility Tokens must comply with the requirements that would apply to an Authorised Person under section 9.3A and for that purpose a reference to a Crypto Token is taken to be a reference to a NFT or Utility Token (as the case may be).

9.4

Audit

9.4.1

An Authorised Person must ensure that its audit function, established under GEN Rule 5.3.13, includes regular reviews and assessments of the effectiveness of the Authorised Person’s money laundering policies, procedures, systems and controls, and its compliance with its obligations in this AML module.

Guidance

1.

The review and assessment undertaken for the purposes of Rule 9.4.1 may be undertaken:

a.

internally by the Authorised Person’s internal audit function; or

b.

by a competent firm of independent auditors or compliance professionals.

2.

The review and assessment undertaken for the purposes of Rule 9.4.1 should cover at least the following:

a.

sample testing of compliance with the Authorised Person’s CDD arrangements;

b.

an analysis of all notifications made to the MLRO to highlight any area where procedures or training may need to be enhanced; and

c.

a review of the nature and frequency of the dialogue between the senior management and the MLRO.

53

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

10

SANCTIONS AND OTHER INTERNATIONAL OBLIGATIONS

10.1 Application

[deleted]

10.2 Relevant United Nations resolutions and