

(ii)

the source of wealth,

of the customer or, if applicable, of the Beneficial Owner;

(d)

increase the degree and nature of monitoring of the business relationship, in order to determine whether the customer’s transactions or activities appear unusual or suspicious;

(e)

obtain the approval of senior management to commence or continue a business relationship with a customer; and

37

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

(f)

where applicable, require that any first payment made by a customer in order to open an account with a Relevant Person must be carried out through a bank account in the customer’s name with:

(i)

a Bank;

(ii)

a Regulated Financial Institution whose entire operations are subject regulation and to supervision, in a jurisdiction with AML regulations which are equivalent to the standards set out in the FATF recommendations; or

regulation and supervision,

including AML

(iii) a Subsidiary of a Regulated Financial Institution referred to in (ii), if the law that applies to the Parent ensures that the Subsidiary also observes the same AML standards as its Parent.

Guidance

1.

In Rule 7.4.1 Enhanced CDD measures are only mandatory to the extent that they are applicable to the relevant customer or the circumstances of the business relationship and to the extent that the risks would reasonably require it. Therefore, the extent of additional measures to conduct is a matter for the Relevant Person to determine on a case by case basis.

2.

In Rule 7.4.1 (e), senior management approval may be given by an individual member of the Relevant Person’s senior management. A Relevant Person may also establish a committee to consider high risk customers. However, in that case, the approval would, nonetheless, have to be given by a member of the senior management, who can be a member of the committee.

3.

For high risk customers, a Relevant Person should, in order to mitigate the perceived and actual risks, exercise a greater degree of diligence throughout the customer relationship and should endeavour to understand the nature of the customer’s business and consider whether it is consistent and reasonable.

4.

A Relevant Person should be satisfied that a customer’s use of complex legal structures and/or the use of trust and private investment vehicles, has a genuine and legitimate purpose.

5.

For enhanced CDD, a Relevant Person has to take reasonable measures to establish the source of funds. That is, where the funds for a particular service or transaction will come from (e.g. a specific bank account held with a specific financial institution) and whether that funding is consistent with the source of wealth of the customer or, if applicable, of the Beneficial Owner.

6.

For enhanced CDD, where there is a Beneficial Owner, establishing the customer’s source of funds and wealth may require enquiring into the Beneficial Owner’s source of funds and wealth because the source of the funds would normally be the Beneficial Owner and not the customer.

7.

The DFSA considers that taking reasonable measures to establish the source of funds includes obtaining independent corroborating evidence such as proof of dividend payments connected to a shareholding, bank statements, salary/bonus certificates, loan documentation and proof of a transaction which gave rise to the payment into the account. A customer should be able to demonstrate and document how the relevant funds are connected to a particular event which gave rise to the payment into the account or to the source of the funds for a transaction.

8.

The DFSA considers that verification of source of wealth includes obtaining independent corroborating evidence such as share certificates, publicly-available registers of ownership, bank or brokerage account statements, probate documents, audited accounts and financial statements, news items from a reputable source and other similar evidence. For example:

a.

for a legal person, this might be achieved by obtaining its financial or annual reports published on its website or news articles and press releases that reflect its financial situation or the profitability of its business; and

38

AML/VER27/03-25

7.5

7.5.1

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

b.

for a natural person, this might include documentary evidence which corroborates answers given to questions on the source of wealth in an application form or customer questionnaire. For example, if a natural person attributes the source