 Return.

16.

Chapter 15 sets out specific Rules applying to DNFBPs, including the requirement to register with the DFSA, and Chapter 16 contains certain transitional Rules.

The U.A.E. criminal law

17.

The U.A.E. criminal law applies in the DIFC and, therefore, persons in the DIFC must be aware of their obligations in respect of the criminal law as well as these Rules. Relevant U.A.E. criminal laws include Federal Law No. 20 of 2018 on Anti-Money Laundering and

6

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

Combating the Financing of Terrorism and Illegal Organisations, Federal Law No. 7 of 2014 on Combating Terrorism Offences and the Penal Code of the U.A.E.

18. Under Federal AML legislation a Person may be criminally liable for certain conduct, such as:

a.

money laundering;

b.

financing terrorism;

c.

financing illegal organisations;

d.

‘tipping off’;

e.

violation of sanctions;

f.

failure to declare currency or precious metals brought into or taken out of the U.A.E.

19.

The U.A.E Central Bank has the power under Federal AML legislation to freeze funds or other assets suspected of relating to money laundering, terrorist financing or the financing of illegal organisations. Other Federal authorities also have powers to apply for the freezing or confiscation of funds or other assets that have been used for such purposes.

20.

In a number of places in this module, Guidance cross-refers to specific requirements in Federal AML legislation. Rules or Guidance in this module should not be relied upon to interpret or determine the application of the Federal AML legislation. Relevant Persons should refer to the guidelines issued under the Federal AML legislation to understand their obligations under that legislation.

Financial Action Task Force

21.

The Financial Action Task Force (FATF) is an inter-governmental body whose purpose is the development and promotion of international standards to combat money laundering and terrorist financing.

22.

The DFSA has had regard to the FATF Recommendations in making these Rules. A Relevant Person may wish to refer to the FATF Recommendations and interpretive notes to assist it in complying with these Rules. However, in the event that a FATF Recommendation or interpretive note conflicts with a Rule in this module, the relevant Rule takes precedence.

23. A Relevant Person may also wish to refer to the FATF typology reports which may assist in identifying new money laundering threats and which provide information on money laundering and terrorist financing methods. The FATF typology reports cover many pertinent topics for Relevant Persons, including corruption, new payment methods, money laundering using trusts and company service providers, and vulnerabilities of free trade zones. These typology reports can be found on the FATF website www.fatf-gafi.org. The U.A.E., as a member of the United Nations, is required to comply with sanctions issued and passed by the United Nations Security Council (UNSC). These UNSC obligations apply in the DIFC and their importance is emphasised by specific obligations contained in this module requiring Relevant Persons to establish and maintain effective systems and controls to comply with UNSC sanctions and resolutions (See chapter 10).

23. A Relevant Person may also wish to refer to the FATF typology reports which may assist in identifying new money laundering threats and which provide information on money laundering and terrorist financing methods. The FATF typology reports cover many pertinent topics for Relevant Persons, including corruption, new payment methods, money laundering using trusts and company service providers, and vulnerabilities of free trade zones. These typology reports can be found on the FATF website www.fatf-gafi.org. The U.A.E., as a member of the United Nations, is required to comply with sanctions issued and passed by the United Nations Security Council (UNSC). These UNSC obligations apply in the DIFC and their importance is emphasised by specific obligations contained in this module requiring Relevant Persons to establish and maintain effective systems and controls to comply with UNSC sanctions and resolutions (See chapter 10).

24.

25.

The FATF has issued guidance on a number of specific UNSC sanctions and resolutions regarding the countering of the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. Such guidance has been issued to assist in implementing the targeted financial sanctions and activity