is subject

Simplified Customer Due Diligence

Means Customer Due Diligence as modified under Rule 7.5.1.

source of funds

Means the origin of funds which relate to a transaction or service and includes how such funds are connected to the source of wealth of a customer or Beneficial Owner.

source of wealth

Means how the global wealth or net worth of a customer or Beneficial Owner is or was acquired or accumulated.

State

Means the U.A.E.

Suspicious Activity Report (SAR)

Means a report regarding suspicious activity (including a suspicious transaction) made to the FIU under Federal Law No. 20 of 2018 and Cabinet Decision No. 10 of 2019.

transaction

Means any transaction undertaken by a Relevant Person for or on behalf of a customer in the course of carrying on a business in or from the DIFC.

Utility Token

Means a Token referred to in GEN A2.5.4.

Virtual Asset Service Provider (VASP)

Has the meaning given in Cabinet Decision No. 10 of 2019.

15

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

4

APPLYING A RISK-BASED APPROACH

Figure 1. The Risk-Based Approach (RBA)

16

AML/VER27/03-25

4.1

4.1.1

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

The risk-based approach

A Relevant Person must:

(a)

assess and address its AML risks under this module by reviewing the risks to which the person is exposed as a result of the nature of its business, customers, products, services and any other matters which are relevant in the context of money laundering and then adopting a proportionate approach to mitigate those risks; and

(b)

ensure that, when undertaking any risk-based assessment for the purposes of complying with a requirement of this module, such assessment is:

(i)

objective and proportionate to the risks;

(ii)

based on reasonable grounds;

(iii)

properly documented; and

(iv)

reviewed and updated at appropriate intervals.

Guidance

1.

Rule 4.1.1 requires a Relevant Person to adopt an approach to AML which is proportionate to the risks. This is called the “risk-based approach” (“RBA”) and is illustrated in figure 1 above. The DFSA expects the RBA to be a key part of the Relevant Person’s money laundering compliance culture and to cascade down from the senior management to the rest of the organisation. Embedding the RBA within its business allows a Relevant Person to make decisions and allocate AML resources in the most efficient and effective way.

2.

In implementing the RBA, a Relevant Person is expected to have in place processes to identify and assess money laundering risks. After the risk assessment, the Relevant Person is expected to monitor, manage and mitigate the risks in a way that is proportionate to the Relevant Person’s exposure to those money laundering risks. The general principle is that where there are higher risks of money laundering, a Relevant Person is required to take enhanced measures to manage and mitigate those risks, and that, correspondingly, when the risks are lower, simplified measures are permitted.

3.

The RBA discourages a “tick-box” approach to AML. Instead a Relevant Person is required to assess relevant money laundering risks and adopt a proportionate response to such risks. The outcome of using the RBA is akin to using a sliding scale, where the type of CDD undertaken on each customer will ultimately depend on the outcome of the risk-based assessment made of such customer under this chapter.

4.

The Rules regarding record-keeping for the purposes of this module are in section 14.4. These Rules apply in relation to Rule 4.1.1(b)(iii).

17

AML/VER27/03-25

5

5.1

5.1.1

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

BUSINESS RISK ASSESSMENT

Figure 2. Business risk-based assessment

Assessing business AML risks

A Relevant Person must:

(a)

take appropriate steps to identify and assess money laundering risks to which its business is exposed, taking into consideration the nature