 account activity. So the unusual is, in the first instance, only a basis for further inquiry, which may in turn require judgement as to whether it is suspicious. A transaction or activity may not be suspicious at the time, but if suspicions are raised later, an obligation to report then arises.

7.

Effective CDD measures may provide the basis for recognising unusual and suspicious activity. Where there is a customer relationship, suspicious activity will often be one that is inconsistent with a customer’s known legitimate activity, or with the normal business activities for that type of account or customer. Therefore, the key to recognising 'suspicious activity' is knowing enough about the customer and the customer’s normal expected activities to recognise when their activity is abnormal.

8.

A Relevant Person may consider implementing policies and procedures whereby disciplinary action is taken against an Employee who fails to notify the Relevant Person’s MLRO.

13.3 Suspicious activity report

13.3.1 A Relevant Person must ensure that where the Relevant Person’s MLRO receives a

notification under Rule 13.2.2, the MLRO, without delay:

(a)

inquires into and documents the circumstances in relation to which the notification made under Rule 13.2.2 was made;

(b)

determines whether in accordance with Federal AML legislation a Suspicious Activity Report must be made to the FIU and documents such determination;

(c)

if required, makes a Suspicious Activity Report to the FIU as soon as practicable; and

(d)

notifies the DFSA of the making of such Suspicious Activity Report immediately following its submission to the FIU.

64

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

13.3.2 Where, following a notification to the MLRO under 13.2.2, no Suspicious Activity Report is made, a Relevant Person must record the reasons for not making a Suspicious Activity Report.

13.3.3 A Relevant Person must ensure that if the MLRO decides to make a Suspicious Activity Report, his decision is made independently and is not subject to the consent or approval of any other person.

Guidance

1.

Relevant Persons are reminded that the failure to report suspicions of money laundering or terrorist financing may constitute a criminal offence that is punishable under the laws of the State.

2.

SARs under Federal AML legislation should be sent to the FIU via the FIU’s electronic system or by other means approved by the FIU.

3.

In the preparation of a SAR, if a Relevant Person knows or assumes that the funds which form the subject of the report do not belong to a customer but to a third party, this fact and the details of the Relevant Person’s proposed course of further action in relation to the case should be included in the report.

4.

If a Relevant Person has reported a suspicion to the FIU, it must in accordance with the Federal AML legislation provide any additional information requested by the FIU. The FIU may instruct the Relevant Person on how to continue its business relationship, including effecting any transaction with a person. If the customer in question expresses his wish to move the funds before the Relevant Person receives instruction from the FIU on how to proceed, the Relevant Person should immediately contact the FIU for further instructions.

13.4 Tipping-off

Guidance

1.

Relevant Persons are reminded that in accordance with Federal AML legislation, Relevant Persons or any of their Employees must not disclose, directly or indirectly, to the Customer or to any other person that they have reported, or are intending to report, a suspicious transaction. They also must not disclose information contained in an SAR or the fact that a suspicious transaction is being investigated.

2.

If a Relevant Person reasonably believes that performing CDD measures will tip-off a customer or potential customer, it may choose not to pursue that process and should file a SAR. Relevant Persons should ensure that their Employees are aware of and sensitive to these issues when considering the CDD measures.

13.5 Freezing assets

Guidance

The DFSA has power under the Regulatory Law to restrict an Authorised Person from disposing of or transferring property including, for example, assets or other funds suspected of relating to money laundering. It may also apply to the Court for an order restraining a person from transferring or disposing of any assets suspected of relating to money