 be where the money laundering risks are low and the service provided does not offer a realistic opportunity for money laundering.

5.

An example of where a Relevant Person might reasonably reduce the degree of on-going monitoring and scrutinising of transactions, based on a reasonable monetary threshold or on the nature of the transaction, would be where the transaction is a recurring, fixed contribution to a savings scheme, investment portfolio or fund or where the monetary value of the transaction is not material for money laundering purposes given the nature of the customer and the transaction type.

6.

For the avoidance of doubt, a Relevant Person should not conduct Simplified CDD where there is any suspicion of money laundering.

7.6

Ongoing customer due diligence

7.6.1 (1) When undertaking ongoing Customer Due Diligence under Rule 7.3.1(1)(d), a

Relevant Person must, using the risk-based approach:

(a)

monitor transactions undertaken during the course of its customer relationship to ensure that the transactions are consistent with the Relevant Person’s knowledge of the customer, his business and risk rating;

(b)

pay particular attention to any complex or unusually large transactions or unusual patterns of transactions that have no apparent or visible economic or legitimate purpose;

(c)

enquire into the background and purpose of the transactions in (b);

(d)

review the adequacy of the Customer Due Diligence information it holds on customers and Beneficial Owners to ensure that the information is kept up to date, particularly for customers with a high risk rating; and

(e)

review each customer to ensure that the risk rating assigned to a customer under Rule 6.1.1(1)(b) remains appropriate for the customer in light of the money laundering risks.

(2) A Relevant Person must carry out a review under (1)(d) and (e) periodically and at other appropriate times when a material change or event occurs relating to a customer.

Guidance

1.

In complying with Rule 7.6.1(1)(d), a Relevant Person should undertake a periodic review to ensure that non-static customer identity documentation is accurate and up-to-date. Examples of non-static identity documentation include passport number and residential/business address and, for a legal person, its share register or list of partners.

2.

A Relevant Person should undertake a review under Rule 7.6.1(1)(d) and (e), both periodically and at other appropriate times such as when:

a.

the Relevant Person changes its CDD documentation requirements;

40

AML/VER27/03-25

7.6.2

7.7

7.7.1

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

b.

an unusual transaction with the customer is expected to take place;

c.

there is a material change in the business relationship with the customer; or

d.

there is a material change in the nature or ownership of the customer.

3.

The degree of the on-going due diligence to be undertaken will depend on the customer risk assessment carried out under Rule 6.1.1.

4.

A Relevant Person’s transaction monitoring policies, procedures, systems and controls, which may be implemented by manual or automated systems, or a combination thereof, are one of the most important aspects of effective CDD. Whether a Relevant Person should undertake the monitoring by means of a manual or computerised system (or both) will depend on a number of factors, including:

a.

the size and nature of the Relevant Person’s business and customer base; and

b.

the complexity and volume of customer transactions.

Ongoing sanctions screening

A Relevant Person must review its customers, their business and transactions against United Nations Security Council sanctions lists and against any other relevant sanctions list when complying with Rule 7.6.1(1)(d).

Guidance

1.

In Rule 7.6.2, a “relevant sanctions list” may include U.A.E, EU, U.K. HM Treasury, U.S. OFAC lists and any other list which may apply to a Relevant Person.

2.

A Relevant Person should also be aware of its obligations under Article 21 of Cabinet Decision No. 74 of 2020, which include the obligations to register with the Executive Office for Control and Non-Proliferation (EOCN), screen its databases and transactions, apply or cancel freezing orders, report to regulatory authorities, set