, the natural persons exercising control of the body corporate through other means.

(3)

A Relevant Person does not have to identify an ownership interest under (2)(a) if, having regard to a risk-based assessment of the customer, it is reasonably satisfied that the ownership interest is minor and in the circumstances poses no or negligible risk of money laundering.

(4)

If a Relevant Person has exhausted all possible means but has not been able to identify the Beneficial Owners under (2), and provided it has no grounds for suspecting money laundering, it must treat the senior management of the body corporate as the Beneficial Owners.

(5)

If (4) applies, the Relevant Person must keep a record in writing of all the actions it has taken to identify the Beneficial Owners of the body corporate.

32

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

Guidance

1.

In exceptional circumstances, a Relevant Person may not be able to identify any natural person as the ultimate owner or controller of a body corporate. In such a case, provided it has exhausted all other means of identifying the owner or controller and it has no grounds for suspecting money laundering, it can treat each of the members of the senior management of the body corporate as the Beneficial Owners (see Rule 7.3.3(4)). However, in such a case the Relevant Person will need to keep records of all the actions it has taken to identify the Beneficial Owners (see Rule 7.3.3(5)).

2.

If the ownership or control arrangements of a customer are of such a nature that the Relevant Person is prevented from identifying the Beneficial Owners (for example, if Beneficial Owners hold bearer shares or other negotiable instruments and there is no effective system for recording the current holder of the shares or instruments), the Relevant Person is prohibited from establishing a business relationship with the customer under Rule 6.1.4.

3.

For more detailed Guidance on identifying and verifying Beneficial Owners, see the guidance on CDD at the end of section 7.3.

7.3.4 A Relevant Person is not required to comply with Rules 7.3.1(1)(b) and (c) if the

customer is either:

(a)

a body corporate that:

(i)

has its Securities listed by the DFSA, another Financial Services Regulator or a Regulated Exchange; and

(ii)

is subject to disclosure requirements which ensure that adequate information about its business, structure and beneficial ownership is publicly available; or

(b)

a majority-owned subsidiary of a body corporate referred to in (a).

Identifying and verifying beneficial owners: foundations

7.3.5

(1)

If a customer is a foundation, a Relevant Person must identify and verify the Beneficial Owners under Rule 7.3.1(1)(b) in accordance with this Rule.

(2)

The Relevant Person must identify the founder, guardian, contributors, qualified recipients, other persons entitled to receive any property or income from the foundation and any other natural person who exercises ultimate effective control of the foundation.

(3)

If the qualified recipients, or other persons entitled to receive property or income from a foundation, are designated by characteristics or by class, the Relevant Person must obtain sufficient information to satisfy itself that it will be able to establish the identity of the qualified recipient or other person before it makes any payment or transfer of property to the recipient or person.

(4)

The Relevant Person must verify the identity of a qualified recipient or other person referred to in (3) before it makes any payment, or transfers any property, from the foundation to that recipient or person.

Identifying and verifying beneficial owners: trusts and similar arrangements

7.3.6

(1)

If a customer is a legal arrangement, a Relevant Person must identify and verify the Beneficial Owners under Rule 7.3.1(1)(b) in accordance with this Rule.

33

AML/VER27/03-25

7.3.7

7.3.8

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

(2) The Relevant Person must identify:

(a)

for a trust, the settlor, trustee, protector, enforcer, beneficiaries and any other natural person who exercises ultimate effective control over the trust