 testing of compliance with the Authorised Person’s CDD arrangements;

b.

an analysis of all notifications made to the MLRO to highlight any area where procedures or training may need to be enhanced; and

c.

a review of the nature and frequency of the dialogue between the senior management and the MLRO.

53

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

10

SANCTIONS AND OTHER INTERNATIONAL OBLIGATIONS

10.1 Application

[deleted]

10.2 Relevant United Nations resolutions and sanctions

10.2.1

(1)

A Relevant Person must establish and maintain effective systems and controls to ensure that on an ongoing basis it is properly informed as to, and takes reasonable measures to comply with, relevant resolutions or sanctions issued by the United Nations Security Council.

(2)

The systems and controls in referred to in (1) must enable the Relevant Person to comply with the requirements in Article 21 of Cabinet Decision No. 74 of 2020.

Guidance

1.

Relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions or sanctions mentioned in Rule 10.2.1 may, among other things, relate to money laundering, terrorist financing or the financing of weapons of mass destruction or otherwise be relevant to the activities carried on by the Relevant Person. For example:

a.

a Relevant Person should exercise due care to ensure that it does not provide services to, or otherwise conduct business with, a person engaged in money laundering, terrorist financing or the financing of weapons of mass destruction; and

b.

an Authorised Market Institution should exercise due care to ensure that it does not facilitate fund raising activities or listings by persons engaged in money laundering or terrorist financing or financing of weapons of mass destruction.

2.

A Relevant Person should be proactive in checking for, and taking measures to comply with, relevant resolutions or sanctions issued by the United Nations Security Council. This should include measures that enable the Relevant Person to comply with its obligations in Article 21 of Cabinet Decision No. 74 of 2020 concerning targeted financial sanctions requirements in the UAE, including the obligation to apply or cancel freezing orders and to report and cooperate with regulatory authorities. Relevant Persons should ensure they are fully conversant with these requirements.

3.

A Relevant Person may use a database maintained elsewhere for an up-to-date list of resolutions and sanctions, or to perform checks of customers or transactions against that list. For example, it may wish to use a database maintained by its head office or a Group member. However, the Relevant Person retains responsibility for ensuring that its systems and controls are effective to ensure compliance with this module.

10.3 Government, regulatory and international findings

10.3.1

(1)

A Relevant Person must establish and maintain systems and controls to ensure that on an ongoing basis it is properly informed as to, and takes reasonable steps findings, recommendations, guidance, directives, resolutions, sanctions, notices or other conclusions (each of which is referred to in this Rule as a “finding”) issued by:

to comply with, any

54

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

(a)

the government of the U.A.E. or any government departments in the U.A.E.;

(b)

the Central Bank of the U.A.E.;

(c)

the FIU;

(d)

the National Anti-Money Laundering and Combating Financing of Terrorism And Financing of Illegal Organizations Committee (NAMLCFTC);

(e)

FATF;

(f)

U.A.E. enforcement agencies; and

(g)

the DFSA,

concerning the matters in (2).

(2)

For the purposes of (1), the relevant matters are:

(a)

arrangements for preventing money laundering, terrorist financing or the financing of weapons of mass destruction in a particular country or jurisdiction;

(b)

findings that the anti-money laundering regime of a relevant country or jurisdiction has material deficiencies; and

(c)

the names of persons, groups, organisations or entities or any other body where suspicion of money laundering or terrorist financing or the financing of weapons of mass destruction exists.

(3)

For the purposes of (1), measures in a finding that a Relevant Person must comply with include, but are not limited to, countermeasures:

(a)

requiring specific elements of enhanced due diligence;

(b)

