 anstalten, partnerships, associations, states and governments and other relevantly similar entities.

or

unincorporate,

foundations,

Member

A person admitted as a member of an Authorised Market Institution in accordance with its Business Rules.

MENAFATF

The Middle East and North Africa Financial Action Task Force.

Money Laundering Reporting Officer (MLRO)

Means the person appointed by a Relevant Person pursuant to Rule 11.2.1(1).

natural person

Means an individual.

Non-Fungible Token

Means a Token referred to in GEN Rule A2.5.3.

OECD

The Organisation

for Economic Co-operation

and

13

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

Development.

person

Means a natural or legal person.

Politically Exposed Person (PEP)

Means a natural person (and includes, where relevant, a family member or close associate) who is or has been entrusted with a prominent public function, whether in the State or elsewhere, including but not limited to, a head of state or of government, senior politician, senior government, judicial or military official, ambassador, senior person in an International Organisation, senior executive of a state owned corporation, an important political party official, or a member of senior management or an individual who has been entrusted with similar functions such as a director or a deputy director.

This definition does not include middle ranking or more junior individuals in the above categories.

proliferation financing

financing the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.

Registered Auditor Has the meaning given to that term in the Regulatory Law.

Regulated Exchange

Means an exchange regulated by a Financial Services Regulator.

Regulated Financial Institution

A person who does not hold a Licence but who is authorised in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC to carry on any financial service by another Financial Services Regulator.

Relevant Person

Has the meaning given to that term in Rule 1.1.2.

senior management

Means:

(1) Except in AML Rules 7.3.8(2)(a), 7.3.8(3)(a), 7.4.1(e) and 9.2.1(e), in relation to a Relevant Person every member of the Relevant Person’s executive management and includes:

(a) for a DIFC entity, every member of the Relevant

Person’s Governing Body;

(b) for a Branch, the person or persons who control the day to day operations of the Relevant Person in the DIFC and would include, at a minimum, the senior executive officer or equivalent officer, such as the managing director; or

(c) for a Registered Auditor, every member of the Relevant Person’s executive management in the U.A.E.

(2) In AML Rules 7.3.8(2)(a), 7.3.8(3)(a), 7.4.1(e) and 9.2.1(e), a member of the executive management of the Relevant Person who has significant responsibility for the Relevant Person’s money the management of

14

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

laundering risk exposure.

(3) In relation to a customer that is a body corporate, every member of the body corporate’s Governing Body and the person or persons who control the day-to-day operations of the body corporate, including its senior executive officer, chief operating officer and chief financial officer.

Shell Bank

A bank that has no physical presence in the country in which it is incorporated or licensed and which is not affiliated with a regulated to effective that consolidated supervision.

financial group

is subject

Simplified Customer Due Diligence

Means Customer Due Diligence as modified under Rule 7.5.1.

source of funds

Means the origin of funds which relate to a transaction or service and includes how such funds are connected to the source of wealth of a customer or Beneficial Owner.

source of wealth

Means how the global wealth or net worth of a customer or Beneficial Owner is or was acquired or accumulated.

State

Means the U.A.E.

Suspicious Activity Report (SAR)

Means a report regarding suspicious activity (including a suspicious transaction) made to