 disclose the report to the DFSA or any other relevant authority; and

g.

references or links to all documentation and review papers in relation to the report.

6.

A DNFBP may be required to make its records of whistleblowing reports available to the DFSA for inspection.

74

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

7.

In addition to the requirements in these Rules, Article 68A of the Regulatory Law provides legal protection to a whistleblower who discloses information about suspected misconduct in good faith to a specified person, such as the relevant DNFBP, the auditor of the DNFBP, the DFSA or other relevant authorities.

8.

The protection under the Regulatory Law applies to any person who makes such a disclosure. For example, the disclosure may be made by a person who is or has been an officer, employee or agent of a DNFBP, a Person who provides services or products to a DNFBP or a person who has no formal connection with the DNFBP.

9.

The protection under the Regulatory Law is from liability, dismissal or detriment for making that disclosure. However, it does not, for example, prevent a DNFBP from taking action against an employee for other legitimate reasons, such as if the employee has engaged in misconduct.

10.

A DNFBP should, as part of its policies and procedures, inform its officers and employees of the protection under Article 68A of the Regulatory Law.

15.4 Transitional

15.4.1 (1)

This Rule applies to a Person who, immediately before the commencement date, was registered as a DNFBP, other than a Person who was registered as a DNFBP by reason only of being a dealer in any saleable item of a price equal to or greater than $15,000.

(2)

The Person is on the commencement date taken to continue to be registered by the DFSA as a DNFBP.

(3)

The Person must, by no later than the end of the transitional period, certify in writing to the DFSA:

(a)

that it continues to carry on its DNFBP business or profession in or from the DIFC;

(b)

the names of the individuals who comprise its senior management;

(c)

details of its beneficial owners;

(d)

the name of the individual it has appointed as MLRO; and

(e)

that it has in place adequate resources and systems and controls to comply with applicable anti-money laundering requirements under the Law, these Rules and Federal AML legislation.

(4)

The DFSA may require the certification in (3) to be in such form and verified in such manner as it thinks fit.

(5)

In this Rule:

(a) “commencement date” means the day on which the Regulatory Law

Amendment Law 2018 comes into force; and

(b) “transitional period” means the period starting on the commencement date

and ending three months after that date.

75

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

Guidance

If a DNFBP fails to provide the duly completed certification to the DFSA by the end of the transitional period, it will contravene these Rules. The DFSA may because of that failure take steps to suspend or withdraw the DNFBP’s registration.

76

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

16

TRANSITIONAL RULES

16.1 Application

16.1.1 This chapter applies to every person to whom a provision of the Previous Regime

applied.

16.1.2 For the purposes of this chapter:

(a)

“Ancillary Service Provider” has the meaning that it had under the Previous Regime;

(b)

“Commencement Date” means 14 July 2013;

(c)

“Current Regime” means the Rules in force on the Commencement Date;

(d)

“DNFBP” has the meaning that it had in DNF chapter 2 under the Previous Regime; and

(e)

“Previous Regime” means the Rules that were in force immediately prior to the Commencement Date.

16.2 General

16.2.1 A Relevant Person