 reasonable steps to eliminate or manage such risks. The results of this assessment will also feed into the Relevant Person’s risk assessment of its customers under chapter 6.

3.

Under Article 4 of Cabinet Decision No.10 of 2019, in assessing its money laundering risks and taking steps to mitigate those risks, a Relevant Person is required to take into consideration the results of the National Risk Assessment prepared by the National Anti- Money Laundering and Combating Financing of Terrorism Committee (NAMLCFTC).

AML systems and controls

A Relevant Person must:

(a)

establish and maintain effective policies, procedures, systems and controls to prevent opportunities for money laundering in relation to the Relevant Person and its activities;

(aa)

ensure that its policies, procedures, systems and controls in (a) are appropriately tailored to the nature, scale and complexity of its activities;

(b)

ensure that its systems and controls in (a):

(i)

include the provision to the Relevant Person’s senior management of regular management information on the operation and effectiveness of its AML systems and controls necessary to identify, measure, manage and control the Relevant Person’s money laundering risks; and

(ii)

enable it to determine:

(A)

whether a customer or a Beneficial Owner is a Politically Exposed Person (PEP); and

(B)

if it provides a customer with a life insurance or other similar policy, whether a beneficiary of the policy, or a Beneficial Owner of the beneficiary, is a PEP; and

(iii) enable the Relevant Person to comply with these Rules and Federal

AML legislation; and

(c)

ensure that regular risk assessments are carried out on the adequacy of the Relevant Person’s AML systems and controls to ensure that they continue to enable it to identify, assess, monitor and manage money laundering risk adequately, and are comprehensive and proportionate to the nature, scale and complexity of its activities.

Guidance

1.

Under Rule 5.2.1(aa), a Relevant Person is required to ensure that its policies, procedures, systems and controls for the prevention of money laundering are tailored to its risk profile, business model and activities. Generic policies and procedures would not meet that requirement.

2.

In Rule 5.2.1(c) the regularity of risk assessments will depend on the nature, size and complexity of the Relevant Person’s business and also on when any material changes are made to its business.

20

AML/VER27/03-25

6

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

CUSTOMER RISK ASSESSMENT

Figure 3. Customer risk-based assessment

Risks identified in assessment of business feed into:

Risk based assessment of customer 6.1.1(1)(a)

Assign risk rating proportionate to the AML risk 6.1.1(1)(b)

Customer Due Diligence under chapter 7





Identify customer and beneficial owners Information on purpose and nature of relationship

Consider nature of customer’s business

Consider nature of customer, ownership, control (if any)

Customer country of origin, residence, nationality, place of incorporation • Relevant product, service or Transactions

Consider beneficiary of life policy • Assessment of Business Risk

Guidance

1.

This chapter prescribes the risk-based assessment that must be undertaken by a Relevant Person on a customer and the proposed business relationship, transaction or product. The outcome of this process is to produce a risk rating for a customer, which determines the level of Customer Due Diligence (CDD) which will apply to that customer under chapter 7. That chapter prescribes the requirements of CDD and of Enhanced CDD for high risk customers and Simplified CDD for low risk customers.

2.

CDD in the context of AML refers to the process of identifying a customer, verifying such identification and monitoring the customer’s business and money laundering risk on an on-

21

AML/VER27/03-25

6.1

6.1.1

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

going basis. CDD is required to be undertaken following a risk-based assessment of the customer and the proposed business relationship, transaction or product.

3.

Relevant Persons should note that the ongoing CDD requirements in Rule 7.6.1 require a Relevant Person to ensure that it reviews a customer’s risk rating to