 the customer’s transactions or activities appear unusual or suspicious.

the policyholder,

to determine whether

(4)

A Relevant Person must carry out the additional Customer Due Diligence referred to in (3) before it makes any payout under the policy.

Guidance on CDD

1.

Items (a) to (c) in Rule 7.3.2(2) should be obtained from a current valid passport or, where a customer does not possess a passport, an official identification document which includes a photograph. The concept of domicile generally refers to the place which a person regards as his permanent home and with which he has the closest ties or which is his place of origin.

2.

Under Rule 7.3.1(3), a Relevant Person is required to verify the identity of a person based on reliable and independent source documents, data or information. A Relevant Person should generally have sight of original identification documents and retain a copy of the identification document. However in complying with Rule 7.3.1, it may not always be possible to obtain original documents. Where identification documents cannot be obtained in original form, for example, because a Relevant Person has no physical contact with the customer, the Relevant Person should obtain a copy certified as a true copy by a person of good standing such as a registered lawyer or notary, a chartered accountant, a bank manager, a police officer, an Employee of the person’s embassy or consulate, or other similar person. The DFSA considers that downloading publicly-available information from an official source (such as a regulator’s or other official government website) is sufficient to satisfy the requirements of Rule 7.3.1. The DFSA also considers that CDD information and research obtained from a reputable company or information-reporting agency may also be acceptable as a reliable and independent source as would banking references and, on a risk-sensitive basis, information obtained from researching reliable and independent public information found on the internet or on commercial databases.

3.

For higher risk situations the DFSA would expect identification information to be independently verified, using both public and non-public sources.

35

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

Guidance on identification and verification of Beneficial Owners

4.

In determining whether an individual meets the definition of a Beneficial Owner, regard should be had to all the circumstances of the case, in particular the size of an individual’s legal or beneficial ownership in a transaction. The question of what is a “minor” ownership interest for the purposes of the definition of a Beneficial Owner in Rule 7.3.3 will depend on the individual circumstances of the customer. The DFSA considers that the question of whether an ownership interest is minor should be considered in the context of the Relevant Person’s knowledge of the customer and the customer risk assessment and the risk of money laundering.

5. When identifying Beneficial Owners, a Relevant Person is expected to adopt a substantive (as opposed to form over substance) approach to CDD for legal persons. Adopting a substantive approach means focusing on the money laundering risks of the customer and the product/service and avoiding an approach which focusses purely on the legal form of an arrangement or sets fixed percentages at which Beneficial Owners are identified (or not). It should take all reasonable steps to establish and understand a corporate customer’s legal ownership and control and to identify the Beneficial Owner. The DFSA does not set explicit ownership or control thresholds in defining the Beneficial Owner because the DFSA considers that the applicable threshold to adopt will ultimately depend on the risks associated with the customer, and so the DFSA expects a Relevant Person to adopt the RBA and justify on reasonable grounds an approach which is proportionate to the risks identified. A Relevant Person should not set fixed thresholds for identifying the Beneficial Owner without objective and documented justification as required by Rule 4.1.1. An overly formal approach to defining the Beneficial Owner may result in a criminal “gaming” the system by always keeping his financial interest below the relevant threshold. The DFSA considers that in some circumstances no threshold should be used when identifying Beneficial Owners because it may be important to identify all underlying Beneficial Owners in order to ensure that they are not associated or connected in some way. This may be appropriate where there are a small number of investors in an account or fund, each with a significant financial holding and