.3 Notifications

14.3.1 A Relevant Person must inform the DFSA in writing as soon as possible if, in relation to its activities carried on in or from the DIFC or in relation to any of its branches or Subsidiaries, it:

(a)

receives a request for information from a regulator or agency responsible for AML, counter-terrorism financing, or sanctions regarding enquiries into potential money laundering or terrorist financing or sanctions breaches;

(b)

becomes aware, or has reasonable grounds to believe, that a money laundering event has occurred or may have occurred in or through its business;

(c)

becomes aware of any money laundering or sanctions matter in relation to the Relevant Person or a member of its Group which could result in adverse reputational consequences to the Relevant Person; or

(d)

becomes aware of a significant breach of a Rule in this module or a breach of Federal AML legislation by the Relevant Person or any of its Employees.

14.4 Record keeping

14.4.1 A Relevant Person must maintain the following records:

(a)

a copy of all documents and information obtained in undertaking initial and ongoing Customer Due Diligence;

(b)

records (consisting of the original documents or certified copies) in respect of the customer business relationship, including:

67

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

(i) business correspondence and other

information

relating

to a

customer’s account;

(ii) sufficient records of transactions to enable individual transactions to be

reconstructed; and

(iii) internal findings and analysis relating to a transaction or any business, such as if the transaction or business is unusual or suspicious, whether or not it results in a Suspicious Activity Report;

(c)

notifications made under Rule 13.2.2;

(d)

Suspicious Activity Reports and any relevant supporting documents and information, including internal findings and analysis;

(e)

any relevant communications with the FIU;

(f)

the documents in Rule 14.4.2; and

(g)

any other matter that the Relevant Person is expressly required to record under these Rules,

for at least six years from the date on which the notification or report was made, the business relationship ends or the transaction is completed, whichever occurs last.

14.4.1A A Relevant Person must provide to the DFSA or a law enforcement agency

immediately on request a copy of a record referred to in Rule 14.4.1.

14.4.2 A Relevant Person must document, and provide to the DFSA immediately on

request, any of the following:

(a)

the risk assessment of its business undertaken under Rule 5.1.1;

(b)

how the assessment in (a) was used for the purposes of complying with Rule 6.1.1(1);

(c)

the risk assessment of the customer undertaken under Rule 6.1.1(1)(a); and

(d)

the determination made under Rule 6.1.1(1)(b).

Guidance

1.

The records required to be kept under Rule 14.4.1 may be kept in electronic format, provided that such records are readily accessible and available to respond promptly to any DFSA requests for information. Authorised Persons are reminded of their obligations in GEN Rule 5.3.24.

2.

If the date on which the business relationship with a customer has ended remains unclear, it may be taken to have ended on the date of the completion of the last transaction.

3.

The records maintained by a Relevant Person should be kept in such a manner that:

a.

the DFSA or another competent authority is able to assess the Relevant Person’s compliance with legislation applicable in the DIFC;

b.

any transaction which was processed by or through the Relevant Person on behalf of a customer or other third party can be reconstructed;

c.

any customer or third party can be identified; and

68

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

d.

the Relevant Person can satisfy without delay any regulatory enquiry or court order to disclose information.

4.

The DFSA would ordinarily expect a Relevant Person to be able to provide a copy of a record or assessment referred to in Rule 14.4.1 or 14.4.2