 from the consolidated list of sanctions in the U.A.E Cabinet, European Union Office, HM Treasury (United Kingdom) lists, and the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) of the United States Department of Treasury, as well as from sources containing lists of dual-use goods or goods subject to export control.

7.

In addition, the systems and controls mentioned in Rule 10.3.1 should be established and maintained by a Relevant Person taking into account its risk assessment under chapters 5 and 6. In Rule 10.3.1, taking reasonable measures to comply with a finding may mean that a Relevant Person cannot undertake a transaction for or on behalf of a person or that it may need to undertake further due diligence in respect of such a person.

8.

A Relevant Person should be proactive in obtaining and appropriately using available national and international information, for example, suspect lists or databases from credible public or private sources with regard to money laundering, including obtaining relevant information from sources mentioned in Guidance 6 above.

9.

The risk of terrorists entering the financial system can be reduced if Relevant Persons apply effective AML strategies, particularly in respect of CDD. Relevant Persons should assess which countries carry the highest risks and should conduct an analysis of transactions from countries or jurisdictions known to be a source of terrorist financing.

56

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

10.

The DFSA may require Relevant Persons to take any special measures it may prescribe with respect to certain types of transactions or accounts where the DFSA reasonably believes that any of the above may pose a money laundering risk to the DIFC.

57

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

11 MONEY LAUNDERING REPORTING OFFICER

11.1 Application

[deleted]

11.2 Appointment of a MLRO

11.2.1

(1)

A Relevant Person must appoint an individual as MLRO, with responsibility for the implementation of the Relevant Person’s anti money laundering policies, procedures, systems and controls and day to day oversight of its compliance with the Rules in this module and other relevant anti money laundering legislation applicable in the DIFC.

(2)

A Relevant Person must ensure that the individual appointed as MLRO is suitable to perform the role and has an appropriate level of seniority and independence to act in the role.

(3)

The MLRO in (1) and Rule 11.2.5 must be resident in the U.A.E, except in the case of the MLRO for a Registered Auditor or a Representative Office.

Guidance

1.

Authorised Firms are reminded that under GEN Rule 7.5.1, the MLRO function is a mandatory appointment. For the avoidance of doubt, the individual appointed as the MLRO of an Authorised Firm, other than a Representative Office, is the same individual who holds the Licensed Function of Money Laundering Reporting Officer of that Authorised Firm. Authorised Firms are also reminded that the guidance under GEN Rule 7.5.2 sets out the grounds under which the DFSA will determine whether to grant a waiver from the residence requirements for an MLRO. The same guidance would apply by analogy to other Relevant Persons seeking a waiver from the MLRO residence requirements.

2.

The individual appointed as the MLRO of an Authorised Market Institution is the same individual who holds the position of Money Laundering Reporting Officer of that Authorised Market Institution under the relevant AMI Rule.

11.2.2

[Deleted]

11.2.3 An Authorised Firm, other than a Representative Office, must appoint an individual to act as a deputy MLRO of the Authorised Firm to fulfil the role of the MLRO in his absence.

11.2.4 A Relevant Person’s MLRO must deal with the DFSA in an open and co-operative manner and must disclose appropriately any information of which the DFSA would reasonably be expected to be notified.

Guidance

1.

The individual appointed as the deputy MLRO of an Authorised Firm need not apply for Authorised Individual status for performing the Licensed Function of Money Laundering Reporting Officer, subject to Rules in GEN section 11.6.

2.

A Relevant Person other than an Authorised Firm should make adequate arrangements to ensure that