P.

is an Authorised Person or a

11

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

DIFC entity

Means a legal person which is incorporated or registered in the DIFC (excluding a registered Branch).

Domestic Fund

A Fund established or domiciled in the DIFC.

Employee

Means an individual:

(a)

who is employed or appointed by a person in connection with that person's business, whether under a contract of service or for services or otherwise; or

(b)

whose services, under an arrangement between that person and a third party, are placed at the disposal and under the control of that person.

Enhanced Customer Due Diligence

Means undertaking Customer Due Diligence and enhanced measures under Rule 7.4.1.

the

FATF

Means the Financial Action Task Force.

FATF Recommendations

Means the publication entitled the “International Standards on Combatting Money Laundering and the Financing of Terrorism and Proliferation” as published and amended from time to time by FATF.

Federal AML legislation

Means all U.A.E Federal Laws and their implementing regulations relating to money laundering, terrorist financing, the illegal organisations and proliferation financing, as well as sanctions compliance, including Federal Law No. 20 of 2018, Federal Law No. 7 of 2014, Cabinet Decision No. 10 of 2019 and Cabinet Decision No. 74 of 2020.

financing of

Federal Law No. 20 of 2018

Means U.A.E Federal Law No. 20 of 2018 on Anti-Money Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism and Illegal Organisations.

Federal Law No. 7 of 2014

Means U.A.E Federal Law No. 7 of 2014 on Combating Terrorism Offences.

FIU

The Financial Intelligence Unit of the U.A.E.

Financial Institution A regulated or unregulated entity, whose activities are

primarily financial in nature.

Financial Services Regulator

Means a regulator of financial services activities established in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC.

foundation

Means a foundation established under the DIFC Foundations Law 2018 or under any other law.

Governing Body

Means

the board of directors, partners, committee of

12

AML/VER27/03-25

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Module (AML)

management or other governing body of:

(a)

a Body Corporate or Partnership; or

(b)

an unincorporated association carrying on a trade or business, with or without a view to profit.

Group

Means a Group of entities which includes an entity (the ‘first entity’) and:

(a)

any parent of the first entity; and

(b)

any subsidiaries (direct or indirect) of the parent or parents in (a) or the first entity; or

(c)

for a legal person which is not a body corporate, refers to that person and any other associated legal persons who are in an equivalent relationship to that in (a) and (b).

Illegal Organisation An organisation the establishment or activities of which have

been declared to be criminal under Federal AML legislation.

IMF

The International Monetary Fund.

International Organisation

formal political Means an organisation established by agreement between member countries, where the agreement has the status of an international treaty, and the organisation is recognised in the law of countries which are members.

Law

Means the Regulatory Law.

legal arrangement Means an express

trust or any other similar

legal

arrangement.

legal person

Means any entity other than a natural person that can establish a customer relationship with a Relevant Person or otherwise own property. This can include companies, bodies corporate anstalten, partnerships, associations, states and governments and other relevantly similar entities.

or

unincorporate,

foundations,

Member

A person admitted as a member of an Authorised Market Institution in accordance with its Business Rules.

MENAFATF

The Middle East and North Africa Financial Action Task Force.

Money Laundering Reporting Officer (MLRO)

Means the person appointed by a Relevant Person pursuant to Rule 11.2.1(1).

natural person

Means an individual.

Non-Fungible Token

Means a Token referred to in GEN Rule A2.