 FSRA under section 15(2) of FSMR. It should be read in conjunction with the Framework.

2.4

This Guidance is not an exhaustive source of the RA’s or the FSRA’s policies. The RA and the FSRA are not bound by the statements contained in this Guidance.

2.5

In November 2022, ADGM published its Guiding Principles on Whistleblowing. Those Principles have been incorporated into this Guidance to the extent appropriate, and accordingly the Principles themselves no longer represent current guidance.

3.

IMPLEMENTATION

3.1

The WB Regulations and amendments to the other ADGM legislation that comprise the Framework took effect upon publication. This means that the protections applicable to Protected Disclosures and the individuals who make them are currently in effect.

3.2

The requirement that ADGM entities have appropriate and effective arrangements in place to facilitate the making of Protected Disclosures takes effect on 31 May 2025.

4.

WHISTLEBLOWING

4.1

The terms “whistleblowing” or “whistleblower” may mean different things in different circumstances. In general terms, “whistleblowing” means reporting suspected wrongdoing to an appropriate recipient. A “whistleblower” is generally the person who makes such a report; that person might be part of the relevant organisation, such as a member of staff, or an external third party.

4.2 Whistleblowing may be internal, for example, through raising a concern internally to a manager, or may be external, for example, through the filing of a report with a regulator.

4.3 Whistleblowing is different to raising an employee grievance or a customer complaint:

a)

Grievances typically relate to how an individual employee is treated. For example, concerns about a possible breach of the terms of an employment relationship between an employer and an individual employee. Separate processes and protections apply to the raising of employee grievances.

b)

Customer complaints relate to issues between two parties to a commercial contract for goods or services.

ADGM entities should ensure that clear, easy-to-understand information is available to help their staff and customers understand the differences.

4.4 Whistleblowing usually involves misconduct in an organisational context. The actions of individuals in their personal lives are generally not appropriate for whistleblowing. While the Framework provides for the reporting of financial crime, in general crimes should be reported to the police.

4.5

The criminal laws of the UAE apply in ADGM. Some provisions of these laws might be interpreted to cover disclosures made by whistleblowers in certain circumstances. To the extent that this is a risk, and to ensure the Framework operates in relative harmony with applicable criminal laws, a Protected Disclosure can only be made to the

recipients specified in the WB Regulations. Furthermore, external reporting channels are subject to appropriate confidentiality requirements (see paragraphs 6.15 to 6.21).

4.6

The Framework protects only disclosures that meet the requirements of a Protected Disclosure as set out in the WB Regulations. While the Framework defines what falls within the scope of a Protected Disclosure from a regulatory perspective, ADGM entities are encouraged to consider using a broad definition of the kinds of suspected misconduct that can be raised when formulating their own WB Program in support of an open and effective culture of speaking up.

5.

DISCLOSURES OUTSIDE ADGM

5.1

There are limits to the protections the Framework can provide for a whistleblower who makes a Protected Disclosure outside the jurisdiction of ADGM. Conflict of laws and jurisdictional issues may prevent the Courts from affording a whistleblower the relevant protection. For example, this may be the case where employment laws in another jurisdiction, rather than the ER 2019, govern the relationship between the whistleblower and their employer.

5.2

Conflict of laws and jurisdictional issues arise in cross-border whistleblowing arrangements in other jurisdictions. Whistleblowers should be mindful of these issues when making a Protected Disclosure. ADGM does not encourage making Protected Disclosures where doing so would be in breach of applicable laws in another jurisdiction.

6.

PROTECTED DISCLOSURES

6.1

Only disclosures that meet the requirements of a Protected Disclosure as set out in the WB Regulations are protected by the Framework. What follows is a summary rather than a substitute for reading, understanding and applying the WB Regulations.

Summary of requirements

6.2

A Protected Disclosure