 and jurisdictional issues arise in cross-border whistleblowing arrangements in other jurisdictions. Whistleblowers should be mindful of these issues when making a Protected Disclosure. ADGM does not encourage making Protected Disclosures where doing so would be in breach of applicable laws in another jurisdiction.

6.

PROTECTED DISCLOSURES

6.1

Only disclosures that meet the requirements of a Protected Disclosure as set out in the WB Regulations are protected by the Framework. What follows is a summary rather than a substitute for reading, understanding and applying the WB Regulations.

Summary of requirements

6.2

A Protected Disclosure must be:

a)

information related to knowledge or reasonable suspicion;

b)

that an ADGM entity or one of its officers, employees or agents has or may have contravened, or is likely to contravene any ADGM regulations or rules or legislation administered by any ADGM authority; or has or may have engaged, or is likely to engage, in money laundering, fraud or any other financial crime.

c) made in good faith; and

d) made through one or more:

i.

“internal reporting channels” – directors, officers, managers and any other recipients designated by that ADGM entity; or

ii.

“external reporting channels” - specified ADGM or UAE authorities including the FSRA and the RA.

Requirement 1: Knowledge or reasonable suspicion

6.3

A Protected Disclosure requires the whistleblower to “know” of the misconduct, as a matter of fact, or have a “reasonable suspicion” of the reported misconduct.

6.4

A whistleblower does not need to be right about the suspected wrongdoing, or prove it. They only need to show that they had some reasonable basis or grounds for suspecting that there has been some misconduct. Whether or not a suspicion of the relevant misconduct was genuinely held, and such suspicion was reasonable, will depend on the particular factual circumstances in each case.

6.5

Reasonable suspicion does not require reasonable belief. Having grounds to suspect the relevant misconduct the relevant from circumstances is acceptable, and a standard of proof does not apply.

is sufficient. Drawing

inference

6.6

This means that disclosure of suspected misconduct made by a whistleblower that was mistaken but based on a genuine misunderstanding should still be protected.

Requirement 2: Relevant types of misconduct

6.7

Only disclosures of information regarding contraventions of ADGM’s regulations and rules, or legislation administered by an ADGM authority, will meet the requirements of being a Protected Disclosure.

6.8

Disclosures of information concerning actual or suspected money laundering, fraud or any other financial crime will meet the requirements of a Protected Disclosure, as the FSRA is designated the supervisory authority for Federal AML Legislation1. As an international financial centre, ADGM is committed to promoting the reporting of financial crime.

6.9

‘Financial crime’ covers any misconduct relating to money or to financial services or markets that is designated as such by the broader UAE’s legislative regime. It may include, amongst other things, money laundering2; handling the proceeds of crime; fraud including embezzlement; insider trading; market abuse; bribery and corruption.

6.10

Information disclosed about contraventions of other laws, beyond those outlined in paragraph 6.7, will not be a Protected Disclosure. However, an ADGM entity's internal WB Program could protect a broader range of good faith disclosures, and this is encouraged.

Requirement 3: Good faith

6.11

In order to be a Protected Disclosure, the disclosure must be made “in good faith”.

6.12 What constitutes good faith will depend on the context. It will usually require the disclosure to have been made honestly, properly, and generally in the public interest instead of solely serving a personal interest.

6.13 A disclosure about misconduct that affects people other than just the whistleblower would fall in the public interest. A disclosure predominantly motivated by improper or malicious motives is unlikely to meet the requirement of good faith.

6.14 Effective WB Programs will not protect deliberately false disclosures or those made exclusively in the reporter's self-interest. In certain circumstances, it may be appropriate to discipline staff making these kinds of reports.

Requirement 4: Made to a specified recipient

6.15

In order to be a Protected Disclosure, the information must be reported to one or more specified recipients. “Internal reporting channels” are certain specified staff within the

1 As defined in FSMR