 ADGM condemns any retaliation or discrimination resulting from whistleblowing, including any threat of retaliation.

7.3

Retaliation may include various forms of detriment or disadvantage, including:

a)

withholding of promotions or training;

b)

harassment;

c)

loss of status or benefits;

d)

an adverse change in role duties;

e)

changes to hours of work;

f)

physical harm;

g)

being dismissed from employment;

h)

being forced to retire or resign; or

i)

pursuing civil or contractual remedies.

7.4

Under ER 2019, an employer threatening to take retaliatory measures or readying itself to take retaliatory measures will be considered to have retaliated. This is a summary and not a substitute for reading, understanding and applying the WB Regulations and ER 2019 with respect to retaliation.

7.5 Whistleblowers should be aware of matters relating to the Framework and

whistleblowing generally. These include the following:

a)

The legislative protections only apply to disclosures that meet the requirements of a Protected Disclosure under the ADGM legislative framework (see section 6). An ADGM entity may provide broader protection through its own WB Program.

b)

The protections the Framework provides may only be enforced by the individual whistleblowers themselves. For example, where a whistleblower loses their job as a consequence of making a disclosure, only the whistleblower can take action against their employer through seeking compensation where they have grounds. This course of action may need to be pursued through the Courts.

c)

The RA and the FSRA are not able to intervene to address retaliation against any whistleblower.

d)

The protections offered by any whistleblowing regime, including those contained in the Framework, may not always be completely effective. Being a whistleblower may carry some risks and can be stressful; some forms of retaliation might not be fully addressed by compensation and may be difficult to prove. In addition, as highlighted in paragraph 4.5 above, in some circumstances certain provisions of the UAE’s criminal laws could be interpreted to cover disclosures made by whistleblowers pursuant to the Framework. For this reason, the external reporting channels have been specifically prescribed and confidentiality obligations apply to Protected Disclosures.

8.

8.1

8.2

8.3

9.

9.1

9.2

9.3

e)

The difference between whistleblowing and raising a grievance as an employee is important (see paragraphs 4.3 and 4.4). While external reporting channels to make disclosures are available, whistleblowers could consider raising suspected wrongdoing internally first where it is appropriate to do so, for example, by speaking to a manager. ADGM entities can encourage this by creating the right culture where ‘speaking up’ is supported.

f)

Whistleblowers do not need to provide evidence when reporting suspected wrongdoing. A whistleblower should aim to make a disclosure stating the facts as understood by them and associated suspicions. In order to be actionable, disclosures should not be solely allegations or opinions. Obtaining evidence is not the same as making a disclosure; it is not required or protected by the Framework. When a whistleblower collects evidence, they should ensure they do not commit misconduct themselves.

g)

Whistleblowers are not entitled to know the outcome of reporting suspected wrongdoing. For example, when an employer investigates the behaviour of another individual and disciplines them as a result, that is confidential information between the employer and that other individual.

ANONYMITY

The WB Regulations allow Protected Disclosures to be made anonymously.

the Anonymous disclosures have certain drawbacks. Communicating with whistleblower is invaluable to thoroughly investigating any disclosure, and anonymity may make such communication difficult, although solutions exist to facilitate this. Anonymity may result in an entity being unable to communicate to the whistleblower that the disclosure has been received and addressed.

In some circumstances, whistleblower anonymity may impact an ADGM entity’s ability to take action in relation to a disclosure. These shortcomings are outweighed by the need to encourage reporting of suspected wrongdoing from whistleblowers regardless of whether they feel able to disclose their identity.

REQUIREMENT FOR ORGANISATIONAL ARRANGEMENTS

The WB Regulations require all ADGM entities to have appropriate and effective arrangements in place to facilitate the making of Protected Disclosures by 31 May 2025.

The WB Regulations recognise the importance of giving appropriate flexibility to smaller ADGM entities to put in place arrangements that are suitable but do not impose a disproportionate administrative burden. Accordingly