 the whistleblower would fall in the public interest. A disclosure predominantly motivated by improper or malicious motives is unlikely to meet the requirement of good faith.

6.14 Effective WB Programs will not protect deliberately false disclosures or those made exclusively in the reporter's self-interest. In certain circumstances, it may be appropriate to discipline staff making these kinds of reports.

Requirement 4: Made to a specified recipient

6.15

In order to be a Protected Disclosure, the information must be reported to one or more specified recipients. “Internal reporting channels” are certain specified staff within the

1 As defined in FSMR. 2 Money laundering includes terrorist financing, proliferation financing, the financing of unlawful organisations and sanctions non-compliance. Refer to AML.

ADGM entity or other recipients it has designated. “External reporting channels” include the RA and the FSRA. It is important to note that both channels may be available alongside each other, i.e. a Protected Disclosure may be made through either or both channels.

6.16 The Framework does not require a disclosure to be made via internal reporting channels before being reported via external reporting channels for it to be a Protected Disclosure and ADGM entities should not require this.

Internal reporting channels

6.17 Protected Disclosures can be made to directors, officers and any person in a management position at the relevant ADGM entity. For entities that the FSRA regulates, Protected Disclosures can also be made internally to individuals performing a Controlled Function or acting as a Key Individual (as applicable). Disclosures to external auditors are also protected.

6.18

In addition, a Protected Disclosure can be made to persons designated by the ADGM entity to receive Protected Disclosures as part of its WB Program. These may include:

a)

Staff in a particular function within that ADGM entity, such as a designated person(s) within its compliance, legal and/or internal audit function(s).

b)

Staff located outside ADGM, such as a human resources or compliance officer working in a group entity.

c)

A third party, such as a third-party whistleblowing service provider that an ADGM entity or its wider group has engaged to receive Protected Disclosures.

Staff or third parties might administer a platform or portal for receiving disclosures. The ADGM entity may designate the staff or third parties administering that platform.

External reporting channels

6.19 Protected Disclosures can be made directly to the RA, the FSRA, the ADGM Office of Data Protection and law enforcement agencies in the UAE, collectively termed “specified authorities”.

6.20 A disclosure will be protected where made to any of the specified authorities. Various statutory obligations of confidentiality govern specified authorities. While, operationally, it is preferred that a disclosure is made to the authority with administrative responsibility for the relevant misconduct, a good faith whistleblower will not lose protection simply by disclosing to a different specified authority.

6.21 Transmission of a Protected Disclosure to the appropriate specified authority, subject to appropriate protections, will be undertaken by the receiving authority. The RA’s and the FSRA’s statutory obligations of confidentiality, such as those contained in section 967 of CR 2020 and section 199 of FSMR, will permit the sharing of Protected Disclosures, where necessary, between the RA, the FSRA and other specified authorities. This is addressed in the WB Regulations.

7.

WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION AND AWARENESS

7.1 Whistleblowers are more likely to report suspected misconduct where they are afforded appropriate protection against some of the negative consequences that may result from speaking up.

7.2

In addition to the protections set out in the WB Regulations and the ER 2019 (as amended), an ADGM entity should ensure its WB Program adequately protects whistleblowers from retaliation. This policy of non-retaliation should be supported at the highest level in the entity to be credible and convincing. ADGM condemns any retaliation or discrimination resulting from whistleblowing, including any threat of retaliation.

7.3

Retaliation may include various forms of detriment or disadvantage, including:

a)

withholding of promotions or training;

b)

harassment;

c)

loss of status or benefits;

d)

an adverse change in role duties;

e)

changes to hours of work;

f)

physical harm;

g)

being dismissed from employment;

h)

being forced to retire or resign; or

i)

pursuing civil or contractual remedies.

7.4

Under ER 2019,