 the subject of any disclosure through strict adherence to confidentiality principles. ADGM entities should have controls in place to prevent unauthorised access to whistleblowing disclosures, particularly any information that might inadvertently or inappropriately reveal the identity of a whistleblower or the subject(s) of any whistleblowing disclosure.

12.2 Preservation of confidentiality ensures that the subject(s) of any whistleblowing disclosure are appropriately protected and reduces the risk of retaliation against the whistleblower and allegations of retaliation being made by the whistleblower. Details and identities should only be shared on a strictly ‘need to know’ basis. Management reporting, where necessary, should be made on an aggregated or anonymised basis. Senior management within an ADGM entity and members of the Board should not ask about the whistleblower's identity or try to identify them and should communicate the expectation that others follow this example.

12.3 An ADGM entity should take due care when designating certain persons as being appropriate to receive Protected Disclosures. The designated persons should be selected and approved via the appropriate governance requirements of that entity. Where a designated person is located outside ADGM, the laws in that jurisdiction should be assessed to ensure they do not hinder the application of the WB Regulations.

12.4 Appropriate disclosure of information to the specified authorities through prescribed external whistleblowing channels - such as a regulator - should be expressly exempted from an ADGM entity’s approach to protecting the entity’s confidential information. An ADGM entity’s whistleblowing arrangements may encourage, but should not require, internal reporting channels to be used first. The corporate culture of an ADGM entity can support this.

12.5 Effective WB Programs do not support deliberately false disclosures or those made exclusively in self-interest. Where these are particularly problematic, these may need to be addressed with disciplinary measures in the case of employees. However, ADGM entities should ideally handle these situations gently and with discretion, to avoid negatively impacting efforts to create an open and transparent culture.

12.6 ADGM entities should be careful not to assume that a disclosure is made in bad faith due to the context in which it is made. For example, valid reports of suspected

misconduct warranting investigation and appropriate protection may be raised by individuals undergoing employment-related disciplinary processes.

12.7 ADGM entities should ensure that appropriately independent skilled professionals are involved in assessing, managing and investigating whistleblowing disclosures, whether members of staff from the entity itself or from its wider group or contracted external support. Investigations should not take an unduly long time, relative to the sensitivity and complexity of the matter. It will usually be appropriate to provide feedback to a whistleblower that the entity is looking into the matter and to advise a whistleblower when the matter is considered closed. However, it will usually not be necessary or appropriate to share the specific outcomes of an investigation with a whistleblower.

13.

CULTURE

13.1 The purpose of an effective WB Program is to protect entities and the wider market from the effects of misconduct by implementing arrangements that foster an organisational culture of trust and transparency. Effective disclosure mechanisms are just one element of this.

13.2 A well-documented WB Program may be ineffective if an ADGM entity’s culture does not, in practice, support speaking up. Substance over form is important. WB Programs will likely be undermined by under-resourcing, low responsiveness to disclosures, inappropriate management investigation and poor confidentiality practices.

involvement,

inadequate

13.3 To build a true organisational culture of transparency, ADGM encourages ADGM entities to communicate clearly a “tone from the top,” supporting legitimate whistleblowing and make it known that there are arrangements in place to protect whistleblowers. Training and communication initiatives should be considered, as should easy access to the relevant policies, procedures and disclosure channels.

13.4 The best WB Programs are usually sponsored and ultimately overseen by the relevant entity’s Board of Directors – being independent of management – with support from functions with the requisite level of objectivity or third parties, as appropriate.

13.5 Staff with responsibilities in relation to whistleblowing in an ADGM entity should receive appropriate training. Management and managers should lead by example and demonstrate their commitment to creating an open culture where disclosures are welcome, ultimately in the best interests of all.

14.

NON-COMPLIANCE WITH REQUIREMENTS

14.1

In deciding whether to take action against any ADGM entity for non-compliance with the requirements of the Framework, the RA or the FSRA, as appropriate, will take into consideration