 among other things –

a) a Licensed Firm’s invoice for its fees and charges for services rendered to the Client;

and

b) invoicing for third party expenses incurred on behalf of a Client, such as registration or filing fees paid by the Licensed Firm and which is to be recovered from the Client.

2.6

‘Immediately due and payable by the Client to the Licensed Firm for the Licensed Firm’s own account’ does not include, for example, a Licensed Firm issuing an invoice to a Client -

a) to obtain and hold money from the Client to cover or expedite the payment of any future / potential fees (i.e. fees for services not yet provided by the Licensed Firm), or

b) to cover any future / potential third party expenses or disbursements (i.e. expenses

not yet incurred).

Client Account

2.7

Client Account is defined in Rule 6(1) of the Client Money Rules, as:

VER1.0-08042021

Page 3 of 6

Guidance on Client Money

“A "Client Account" in relation to Client Money is an account that–

a) is held with a bank authorised to accept deposits, b) is established to hold Client Money, and c) includes words "Client Account", or words to similar effect, in its title,

having regard to any guidance issued by the Registrar.”

2.8

Client Accounts should be established with a bank licensed or authorised to accept deposits by the relevant financial services regulatory authority in the jurisdiction in which the Client Account is established.

2.9

The RA may request documentation from a Licensed Firm demonstrating the rationale and appropriateness for selecting the particular bank where its Client Money accounts are held.

2.10

In accordance with Rule 4(2) of the Client Money Rules, a Licensed Firm, in holding Client Money, must hold it on trust for its respective Clients. Rule 5(2) requires that the title of the Client Account shall sufficiently distinguish the account from any other account containing money that belongs to the Licensed Firm.

Pooled Accounts

2.11 Rule 7 of the Client Money Rules concerns pooled Client Accounts. Pooled Client Accounts enable Licensed Firms to hold the Client Money of more than one Client in a single (pooled) Client Account.

2.12 However, if using a pooled Client Account approach, the Licensed Firm must (i) obtain clear and specific agreement from each Client beforehand and (ii) ensure that it can promptly identify individual balances due to each Client.

2.13 Pooled Client Accounts may also be useful when receiving funds from Clients prior to opening and transferring the funds into a Client’s own Client Account, rather than using the Licensed Firm’s account to receive the funds. This is particularly so where the funds received are part of an automated transfer (see Rule 8 of the Client Money Rules).

2.14

In circumstances where a Licensed Firm uses the approach of receiving Client Money into a pooled Client Account in order to transfer the funds into the Client’s own Client Account, it need not obtain specific prior agreement of the client for using the pooled Client Account, provided the funds are transferred to the Client’s own Client Account in accordance with Rule 8 of the Client Money Rules.

Payment of Client Money into Client Accounts

2.15 The requirements concerning the payment of Client Money into a Client Account are set

out in Rule 8.

2.16

It should be noted that Rule 8(5)(b) provides that where Client Money is only temporarily held then the requirement to transfer Client Money into a Client Account does not apply.

VER1.0-08042021

Page 4 of 6

Guidance on Client Money

To be considered “temporarily held”, Client Money should be held for a maximum period of 30 days from the date of receipt.

Withdrawal of Client Money from Client Accounts

2.17 Rule 10 of the Client Money Rules, requires that there must be appropriate procedures

in place, including authorisations, for all withdrawals from a Client Account.

2.18

It should be noted that a Licensed Firm must not withdraw Client Money to pay for outstanding fees unless authorised by the Client on whose behalf the Client Money is held (see Rule 10(3)).

Client Reporting

2.19 Rule 12(1) of the Client Money Rules requires a Licensed Firm to provide a Client Money report to a Client on