Guidance on Client Money

Registration Authority

April 2021

Guidance on Client Money

1.

INTRODUCTION

Introduction to Abu Dhabi Global Market

1.1

Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM) is a broad based international financial centre, established pursuant to Federal Decree No. 15 of 2013 and Abu Dhabi Law No. 4 of 2013 (ADGM Law) in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi. With its own civil and commercial laws based on English common law, ADGM offers the local, regional and international business community a world-class legal system and regulatory regime.

1.2

The ADGM Registration Authority (RA) is the commercial regulator of the ADGM. It is responsible for the licensing, registration and incorporation of entities seeking to establish a presence in the ADGM as well as monitoring and enforcing the ADGM’s commercial legislation and facilitating government services.

Guidance overview and application

1.3

This guidance is issued under section 28 of the ADGM Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015 and section 18 of the ADGM Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015 (Client Money) Rules 2021 (Client Money Rules).

1.4

This guidance should be read in conjunction with the Client Money Rules.

1.5

This guidance applies to Licensed Firms to whom the Client Money Rules apply by operation of Rule 2 of the Client Money Rules. That is –

a)

Licensed Firms who are required to comply with the Client Money Rules in accordance with the Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015 (Conditions of Licence and Branch Registration) Rules 2021, and

b)

any other person whose conditions of licence require it to hold Client Money solely in accordance with the Client Money Rules.

1.6

This guidance has been prepared to provide information and clarification on the operation and requirements of the Client Money Rules.

1.7

The RA considers that the proper safeguarding of money belonging to Clients against misuse, misappropriation, loss or theft is essential to the pursuit of its regulatory objectives. Licensed Firms that hold or control Client Money are obliged to have in place the necessary policies, systems and controls in relation to, for example, the identifying, handling, segregating and withdrawal of Client Money from Client Accounts.

1.8

Unless otherwise defined or the context otherwise requires, the terms contained in this guidance have the same meaning as defined in the Client Money Rules.

1.9

A copy of the Client Money Rules is available on the ADGM website here.

VER1.0-08042021

Page 2 of 6

Guidance on Client Money

2.

CLIENT MONEY RULES

Definitions

Client

2.1

Client is defined in Rule 1(2) of the Client Money Rules as:

“…each person who has entered into or intends to enter into an agreement with a Licensed Firm for the provision of services by the Licensed Firm”.

2.2

It should be noted that this definition is intended to apply to both founders and beneficiaries in relation to foundations.

Client Money

2.3

Client Money is defined in Rule 4(1) of the Client Money Rules as:

“…all money held by a Licensed Firm on behalf of a Client in the course of, or in connection with, the carrying on of any Controlled Activity in or from the Abu Dhabi Global Market is "Client Money" except where such money is immediately due and payable by the Client to the Licensed Firm for the Licensed Firm’s own account.”

2.4

The term, “immediately due and payable by the Client to the Licensed Firm for the Licensed Firm’s own account” is given further meaning in Rule 4(3).

2.5

Examples of ‘immediately due and payable by the Client to the Licensed Firm for the Licensed Firm’s own account’ include, among other things –

a) a Licensed Firm’s invoice for its fees and charges for services rendered to the Client;

and

b) invoicing for third party expenses incurred on behalf of a Client, such as registration or filing fees paid by the Licensed Firm and which is to be recovered from the Client.

2.6

‘Immediately due and payable by the Client to the Licensed Firm for the Licensed Firm’s own account’ does not include, for example, a Licensed Firm issuing an invoice to a Client -

a) to obtain and hold money from the Client to cover or expedite the payment of