.

Withdrawal of Client Money from Client Accounts

2.17 Rule 10 of the Client Money Rules, requires that there must be appropriate procedures

in place, including authorisations, for all withdrawals from a Client Account.

2.18

It should be noted that a Licensed Firm must not withdraw Client Money to pay for outstanding fees unless authorised by the Client on whose behalf the Client Money is held (see Rule 10(3)).

Client Reporting

2.19 Rule 12(1) of the Client Money Rules requires a Licensed Firm to provide a Client Money report to a Client on a quarterly basis or at such other intervals as are agreed in writing with the Client.

2.20

If a Licensed Firm and a Client agree to other intervals for providing the Client Money report to the Client, such intervals should be no less than annually.

Reconciliation

2.21 Regular reconciliations, in accordance with Rule 14(2), are an important control and can minimise losses through early detection of problems. In determining the appropriate frequency of reconciliation of a Client Account, a Licensed Firm should consider, among other things, the following factors-

a)

volume, frequency and value of transactions,

b)

the nature and complexity of the business to which the transactions relate, and

c)

risks associated with the transactions.

2.22 Subject to consideration of the above factors, the reconciliation should be carried out –

a)

at least on a monthly basis for a pooled account, and

b)

at least annually for a non-pooled account, or more frequently, subject to the volume and frequency of transactions.

Annual Review of Controls

2.23 Licensed Firms that hold Client Money must implement an independent annual review

of the controls over Client Money in accordance with Rule 15.

2.24 Where an internal party at a Licensed Firm performs such a review, they should be operationally independent from the individuals or functions responsible for the functioning of the firm’s Client Money control processes.

VER1.0-08042021

Page 5 of 6

Guidance on Client Money

For more information, you may contact the Registrar:

Telephone: + 971 2 3338777

Email: ra@adgm.com

Address: 3rd floor, ADGM Building, Abu Dhabi Global Market Square, Al Maryah Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.

Disclaimer

This guidance is a non-binding indicative guidance and should be read together with the relevant legislation, in particular the ADGM’s Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015 (Client Money) Rules 2021 and any other relevant regulations and enabling rules, which may change over time without notice. Information in this guidance is not to be deemed, considered or relied upon as legal advice and should not be treated as a substitute for a specific advice concerning any individual situation. Any action taken upon the information provided in this guidance is strictly at your own risk and the Registration Authority will not be liable for any losses and damages in connection with the use of or reliance on information provided in this guidance. The Registration Authority makes no representations as to the accuracy, completeness, correctness or suitability of any information provided in this guidance.

VER1.0-08042021

Page 6 of 6