 authorised by the Securities and Commodities Authority to carry on the activity of providing custody or safekeeping and administration of property of a Fund; and

(b) not be the Fund Manager.

6.5.4 Nothing in this section prevents a custodian appointing sub-custodians in the

UAE or elsewhere.

6.6

Reporting changes to the DFSA

6.6.1

This section applies if the DFSA is the Home Regulator of a Passported Fund.

6.6.2

The Fund Manager of the Passported Fund must notify the DFSA as soon as practicable of any material events, in accordance with the applicable legislation. In particular, but without limitation, a Fund Manager or the governing body or trustee of a Passported Fund must notify the DFSA as soon as practicable, and in any case no later than 7 days after it becomes aware, of any of the following events:

(a)

the Fund Manager intends to retire as manager of the Passported Fund;

(b)

it is proposed that a successor manager will be appointed in relation to the Passported Fund;

(c)

the Fund Manager has been removed or replaced as manager of the Passported Fund;

(d)

any material service provider to the Passported Fund (including, without limitation, any custodian) or an Agent resigns, is appointed, is removed, or is replaced;

(e)

the prospectus or offering document relating to the Passported Fund

17

FPR/VER1/02-19

FUND PROTOCOL RULES (FPR)

has been amended or replaced;

(f)

winding-up of the Passported Fund has commenced; or

(g)

the Fund Manager intends to vary or revoke its authorisation with its Home Regulator, or any of that authorisation.

its permissions contained

in

6.6.3

The notification referred to in Rule 6.6.2 must be in such prescribed form as the DFSA may direct from time to time. At a minimum, the notification must be accompanied by reasonable detail of the event and, where the prospectus or offering document has been amended or replaced, by a copy of the new prospectus or offering document.

6.6.4 Upon receiving such a notification as described in Rule 6.6.2, the DFSA must

without undue delay notify the relevant Host Regulator of such changes.

6.6.5

To the extent that a Fund Manager is already required to make a notification to the DFSA under applicable legislation in relation to a matter set out in this section, the provisions of this section do not require a further notification to be made.

18

FPR/VER1/02-19

FUND PROTOCOL RULES (FPR)

7

FEES

7.1

Notification and Annual Fees

7.1.1

This chapter applies if the DFSA is the Home Regulator of a Passported Fund.

7.1.2 A Fund Manager or its duly appointed agent must pay to the DFSA the

notification fee and annual fees specified in FER in respect of the Fund.

19

FPR/VER1/02-19

FUND PROTOCOL RULES (FPR)

8

DE-REGISTRATION OF PASSPORTED FUNDS

8.1

De-registration by the DFSA

8.1.1

This section applies if the DFSA is the Home Regulator of a Passported Fund.

8.1.2

The DFSA may de-register a Passported Fund:

(a)

on its own initiative if either the Passported Fund or the Fund Manager is not complying, or is likely not to comply, with any applicable legislation, including these Rules, or in accordance with Rules 3.1.10 or 3.2.10;

(b)

at the written request of the Fund Manager;

(c)

upon the commencement of the winding-up of the Passported Fund; or

(d)

in respect of a specific Host Jurisdiction, at the request of the Host Regulator.

8.1.3

The DFSA will promptly update its Register of Passported Funds to reflect any de-registration.

8.1.4 Any removal of a Passported Fund from the DFSA's Register of Passported Funds by the DFSA will be promptly notified to the Fund Manager and each relevant Host Regulator.

8.1.5

The Fund Manager