, and therefore no regulatory authority in the UAE has any responsibility for the same.

This Passported Fund is a Public Fund and, accordingly, the units thereof may be promoted, including by means of a public offer of the units for public subscription, to persons in [insert relevant Host Jurisdiction(s)].

The Units to which this Prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the Units offered should conduct their own due diligence on the Units.

If you do not understand the contents of this document you should consult an authorised financial adviser.”;

(f)

include the relevant fee referred to in chapter 7 of these Rules;

(g)

include a copy of the Key Investor Information Document (KIID) in both English and Arabic; and

(h)

contain, and be accompanied by, such other information as the DFSA may reasonably require.

The DFSA will:

(a) within 5 business days of receipt of the duly completed notice referred to in Rules 3.2.2 and 3.2.3, and subject to Rule 3.2.5, provide notice of the intent to use the passporting procedures to the Host Regulator in the relevant Host Jurisdiction where the Passported Fund is intended to be Promoted; and

(b)

promptly following confirmation from the relevant Host Regulator that its respective Register of Passported Funds has been updated to include the details of the Passported Fund:

(i)

publish the details of the Passported Fund on the DFSA's Register of Passported Funds; and

(ii)

notify the Fund Manager that registration on the DFSA's Register of Passported Funds is complete.

12

FPR/VER1/02-19

3.2.5

3.2.6

3.2.7

3.2.8

3.2.9

3.2.10

FUND PROTOCOL RULES (FPR)

(1) The DFSA will not provide a notice under Rule 3.2.4(a):

(a)

if it considers that the Fund Manager or the Public Fund does not comply with, or it has reasonable grounds for determining that the Fund Manager or the Public Fund may in the future not comply with, applicable legislation, including these Rules; or

(b)

if it considers that it is necessary and appropriate to refrain from doing so in order to meet its objectives.

(2) The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law apply to a decision

of the DFSA to not provide a notice under (1).

(1) The DFSA will immediately notify the Fund Manager of its decision not

to transmit a notice in accordance with Rule 3.2.5.

(2)

If the DFSA decides not to provide a notice, the Fund Manager of that Fund may refer the matter to the Financial Markets Tribunal for review.

Following the earlier of:

(a)

the Passported Fund appearing on the Register of Passported Funds of the relevant Host Jurisdiction(s) referred to in Rule 3.2.4(b); or

(b)

the Fund Manager being notified that registration on the DFSA's Register of Passported Funds is complete under Rule 3.2.4(b)(ii),

the Passported Fund may, subject to these Rules (including Rule 3.2.8), be Promoted to any Persons in the Host Jurisdiction specified in its notification.

If the DFSA receives notice from a Host Regulator stating that the name of the Passported Fund is not available for use in the relevant Host Jurisdiction because it is already in use, or the use of the name is subject to restriction in that Host Jurisdiction, then the DFSA shall require the Fund Manager to immediately cease Promotion of the Passported Fund and the Passported Fund to adopt, as soon as practicable, an alternative name in the DIFC and in the relevant Host Jurisdiction in order to re-commence Promotion.

If, at any time between the notification under Rule 3.2.2 and the commencement of Promotion in a Host Jurisdiction, the Fund Manager becomes aware of any material change, error, or omission reasonably likely to be relevant to such notification, the Fund Manager must give written notice to the DFSA without delay. The DFSA will promptly provide the relevant Host Regulator with all relevant details of the material change, error or omission.

If, as a result of any material