 Fund is established or domiciled.

Home Jurisdiction

In relation to a Fund, the Jurisdiction in which the Fund is established or domiciled.

2

FPR/VER1/02-19

Host Jurisdiction

Host Regulator

Jurisdiction

Licensed Person

Passported Fund

Person

Promote

Promoted

Promotion

Promoting

Private Fund

Public Fund

Qualified Investor

FUND PROTOCOL RULES (FPR)

In relation to a Passported Fund, a Jurisdiction into which the Passported Fund may be Promoted under these Rules.

In relation to a Passported Fund, the Authority in the Jurisdiction into which the Fund may be Promoted (Host Jurisdiction) under these Rules.

The UAE (excluding the Financial Free Zones), the Dubai International Financial Centre or the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

A Person who is licensed or otherwise authorised by an Authority to Promote Funds.

A Domestic Fund Jurisdiction’s Register of Passported Funds.

that

is registered on

its Home

Any natural person, body unincorporated, unincorporated association, government or state.

corporate or body including a company, partnership,

The marketing and sale of units of a Passported Fund to investors domiciled in the UAE by means of any form of communication including a direct or indirect public offering or private placement performed by:

(a) the Fund Manager;

(b) an Agent; or

(c) any other Licensed Person.

In this definition “sale” includes any arranging, dealing and advising activities in relation to the units.

A Domestic Fund where:

(a) the initial subscription paid by a Person to become a

Unitholder of the Fund is no less than $50,000; and

(b) participation in the Fund is restricted to Unitholders

who are Qualified Investors.

A Domestic Fund where:

(a) Units of the Fund are offered to Persons in any of the

Jurisdictions by way of a public offer; or

(b) any Unitholder of the Fund is a Retail Client.

Any Person who is either a:

3

FPR/VER1/02-19

FUND PROTOCOL RULES (FPR)

(a) "Deemed" Qualified Investor;

(b) "Service-based" Qualified Investor; or

(c) "Assessed" Qualified Investor.

"Deemed" Qualified Investor

A Person is a "deemed" Qualified Investor if the Person falls within any of the following paragraphs and has not opted to be classified as a Retail Client:

(a) a supranational organisation whose members are either countries, central banks or national monetary authorities;

(b) a properly constituted government, government agency, central bank or other national monetary authority of any country or jurisdiction;

(c) a public authority or state investment body;

(d) an investment exchange or a clearing house that is authorised by an Authority or a financial services regulator outside the UAE;

(e) a Person who is authorised to carry on a financial service by an Authority or by a financial services regulator;

(f) the management company of a regulated pension

fund;

(g) a Person which, as at the date of its most recent financial statements, met at least two of the following requirements:

(i) a balance sheet total of US$20 million;

(ii) a net annual turnover of US$40 million; or

(iii) own funds or called up capital of at least US$2

million,

or, in each case, equivalent amounts in another currency;

(h) a Collective Investment Fund or a regulated pension

fund;

(i) a body corporate whose shares are listed or admitted to trading on any exchange of an IOSCO member country;

(j) any other institutional investor whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments, including an entity dedicated to the securitisation of assets or other financial transactions;

(k) a trustee of a trust which has, or had during the least

previous

twelve months, assets of at

4

FPR/VER1/02-19

FUND PROTOCOL RULES (FPR)

US$10,000,000, or an equivalent amount in another currency. An individual trustee on the board of such a trust is only a "deemed" Qualified Investor in relation to that particular trust;

(l) a single family office with respect to its activities carried on exclusively for the purposes of, and only in so far as it is, carrying out its duties as a single family