at the written request of the Fund Manager;

(c)

upon the commencement of the winding-up of the Passported Fund; or

(d)

in respect of a specific Host Jurisdiction, at the request of the Host Regulator.

8.1.3

The DFSA will promptly update its Register of Passported Funds to reflect any de-registration.

8.1.4 Any removal of a Passported Fund from the DFSA's Register of Passported Funds by the DFSA will be promptly notified to the Fund Manager and each relevant Host Regulator.

8.1.5

The Fund Manager, its Agents and any other Licensed Person must immediately cease all Promotion of the relevant Passported Fund in a Host Jurisdiction in accordance with these Rules upon the earlier of its removal from the Host Jurisdiction’s Register of Passported Funds or the Register of Passported Funds maintained by the DFSA.

8.1.6

(1)

The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law apply to a decision of the DFSA to de-register a Passported Fund under this section.

(2)

If the DFSA decides to de-register a Passported Fund, the Fund Manager of that Passported Fund may refer the matter to the Financial Markets Tribunal for review.

8.2

Notification of de-registration by Home Regulator to the DFSA

8.2.1

This section applies if the DFSA is the Host Regulator of a Passported Fund.

8.2.2

If a Home Regulator informs the DFSA that a Passported Fund has been de- registered and removed from the Register of Passported Funds maintained by that Home Regulator, the DFSA will promptly update the Register of Passported Funds maintained by it to reflect such de-registration.

8.2.3 All Promotion of the Passported Fund in the DIFC under these Rules must immediately cease upon its removal from the earlier of the relevant Home Jurisdiction’s Register of Passported Funds or the Register of Passported

20

FPR/VER1/02-19

Funds maintained by the DFSA.

21

FUND PROTOCOL RULES (FPR)

FPR/VER1/02-19

FUND PROTOCOL RULES (FPR)

9

SUPERVISORY AND INVESTIGATORY POWERS

9.1

Requests for Assistance

9.1.1

This section applies if the DFSA is the Home Regulator of a Passported Fund.

9.1.2

The DFSA may request assistance from the Host Regulator to separately conduct an investigation relating to the Passported Fund in the Host Jurisdiction. Upon completion of the DFSA’s investigation, it will inform the relevant Host Regulator of its findings, including any penalties imposed on the Fund Manager or any other Person in relation to the Passported Fund.

9.2

Inspections

9.2.1

This section applies if the DFSA is the Home Regulator of a Passported Fund.

9.2.2 Where the DFSA receives a request from a Host Regulator to carry out an on- site inspection in relation to a Passported Fund, the DFSA must, subject to Rule 9.3.2, permit such inspection and accompany the Host Regulator during the on-site inspection.

9.2.3 Prior to the inspection, the Host Regulator must provide to the DFSA:

(a)

information on the purpose of such a request and the names of officials from the Host Regulator that will be involved; and

(b)

copies of public and non-public documents and information in the Host Regulator's possession that may assist in any inquiry and that may be reasonably relevant.

9.3

Circumstances in which the DFSA may decline a request for an inspection

9.3.1

This section applies if the DFSA is the Home Regulator of a Passported Fund.

9.3.2

The DFSA may refuse to act on a request by a Host Regulator under section 9.2 for cooperation in relation to an inspection if:

(a)

the DFSA has already commenced, or concluded, enforcement action in respect of the same conduct and the same Persons; or

(b)

judicial proceedings have already been initiated, or concluded, in respect of the same conduct and the same Persons.

9.4

Exercise of DFSA's powers at the request of another authority

9.