 (if any) that will conduct the Promotion of the Private Fund;

(d)

include a copy of the offering document containing a disclaimer to the following effect:

“This Prospectus relates to a DIFC Fund in accordance with the Collective Investment Law 2010 and Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”).

The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any Prospectus or other documents in connection with this Domestic Fund. Accordingly, the DFSA has not approved this Prospectus or any other associated documents nor taken any steps to verify the information set out in this Prospectus, and has no responsibility for it.

No other regulatory authority in the UAE has any responsibility for reviewing or verifying this prospectus or any other documents in connection with the promotion of this fund. Accordingly, no regulatory authority in the UAE has approved this prospectus or any other associated documents, nor taken any steps to verify the information set out herein, and therefore no regulatory authority in the UAE has any responsibility for the same.

This Passported Fund is a Private Fund and, accordingly, the units thereof may only be promoted to Qualified Investors in [insert relevant Host Jurisdiction(s)] by means of private placement.

The Units to which this Prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the Units offered should conduct their own due diligence on the Units.

If you do not understand the contents of this document you should

9

FPR/VER1/02-19

FUND PROTOCOL RULES (FPR)

consult an authorised financial adviser.”;

(e)

include the relevant fee referred to in chapter 7 of these Rules; and

(f)

contain, and be accompanied by, such other information as the DFSA may reasonably require.

3.1.4 The DFSA will:

(a) within 5 business days of receipt of the duly completed notice referred to in Rules 3.1.2 and 3.1.3, and subject to Rule 3.1.5, provide a notice of the intent to use the passporting procedures to the Host Regulator in the relevant Host Jurisdiction where the Passported Fund is intended to be Promoted; and

(b) promptly following confirmation from the relevant Host Regulator that its respective Register of Passported Funds has been updated to include the details of the Passported Fund:

(i) publish the details of the Passported Fund on the DFSA's Register

of Passported Funds; and

(ii) notify the Fund Manager that registration on the DFSA's Register

of Passported Funds is complete.

3.1.5 (1) The DFSA will not provide a notice under Rule 3.1.4(a):

(a)

if it considers that the Fund Manager or the Private Fund does not comply with, or it has reasonable grounds for determining that the Fund Manager or the Private Fund may in the future not comply with, applicable legislation including these Rules; or

(b)

if it considers that it is necessary and appropriate to refrain from doing so in order to further one or more of its objectives.

(2) The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law apply to a decision

of the DFSA to not provide a notice under (1).

3.1.6

(1) The DFSA will immediately notify the Fund Manager of its decision not

to provide a notice in accordance with Rule 3.1.5.

(2)

If the DFSA decides to not provide a notice, the Fund Manager of the Fund may refer the matter to the Financial Markets Tribunal for review.

3.1.7 Following the earlier of:

(a)

the Passported Fund appearing on the Register of Passported Funds of the relevant Host Jurisdiction(s) referred to in Rule 3.1.4(b); or

(b)

the Fund Manager being notified that registration on the DFSA's Register of Passported Funds is complete under Rule 3.1.4(b)(ii),

the Passported Fund may, subject to these Rules (including Rule 3.1.8), be

10

FPR/VER1/02-19

FUND PROTOCOL RULES (FPR)

Promoted to Qualified Investors in the Jurisdiction specified in its notification.

3.1.8

If the DFSA receives notice from a Host Regulator stating that the name of the Passported Fund is not available for use in the relevant Host Jur