, an alternative name in the DIFC and in the relevant Host Jurisdiction in order to re-commence Promotion.

If, at any time between the notification under Rule 3.2.2 and the commencement of Promotion in a Host Jurisdiction, the Fund Manager becomes aware of any material change, error, or omission reasonably likely to be relevant to such notification, the Fund Manager must give written notice to the DFSA without delay. The DFSA will promptly provide the relevant Host Regulator with all relevant details of the material change, error or omission.

If, as a result of any material change, error, or omission referred to in Rule 3.2.9, the Fund Manager will no longer comply with applicable legislation, including these Rules, or if the DFSA otherwise considers it necessary in the circumstances, the DFSA shall take all due measures, including, if necessary, the de-registration of the Public Fund from the DFSA's Register of Passported Funds in accordance with these Rules.

13

FPR/VER1/02-19

FUND PROTOCOL RULES (FPR)

4

REGISTRATION OF NON-DIFC PASSPORTED FUNDS

4.1

Notifications received by the DFSA (Host Regulator)

4.1.1

This section applies if the DFSA is the Host Regulator of a Passported Fund.

4.1.2 Promptly following receipt by the DFSA of a notice provided by a Home Regulator to the effect that a Private Fund or Public Fund domiciled or registered in that Jurisdiction is a Passported Fund, the DFSA will update its Register of Passported Funds to include details of that Passported Fund. The DFSA will notify the relevant Home Regulator once the DFSA's Register of Passported Funds has been updated.

4.1.3 As soon as the Register of Passported Funds has been updated under Rule 4.1.2, the Passported Fund may, in accordance with applicable legislation, including these Rules, be Promoted in the DIFC:

(a) where the Passported Fund is a Private Fund, to Qualified Investors in

the DIFC; and

(b) where the Passported Fund is a Public Fund, to any Persons in the

DIFC.

14

FPR/VER1/02-19

FUND PROTOCOL RULES (FPR)

5

REGISTER OF PASSPORTED FUNDS

5.1

Register of Passported Funds

5.1.1

This section applies if the DIFC is the Home Jurisdiction or Host Jurisdiction of a Passported Fund.

5.1.2

The DFSA will establish and maintain a Register of Passported Funds.

5.1.3

The DFSA's Register of Passported Funds will include the prescribed details of:

(a)

each Passported Fund accepted for registration by the DFSA as Home Regulator, and

(b)

each Passported Fund notified to the DFSA as Host Regulator by another Authority.

5.1.4

The DFSA's Register of Passported Funds will include at a minimum the following information in relation to each Passported Fund appearing on it:

(a)

the name and registered office of the Passported Fund;

(b)

the name and registered office of the Fund Manager of the Passported Fund;

(c)

the names of the Agents (if any) Promoting the Passported Fund;

(d)

in relation to a Passported Fund domiciled in the DIFC, the fact that the Fund Manager is authorised by the DFSA and, in relation to a Passported Fund domiciled in another Jurisdiction, the identity of the Authority that regulates the Fund Manager in that Jurisdiction;

(e) whether the Passported Fund is a Private Fund or a Public Fund; and

(f)

the date of registration of the Passported Fund on the DFSA's Register of Passported Funds.

5.1.5 At the request of another Authority, the DFSA will, as soon as practicable, make its Register of Passported Funds available to that Authority.

15

FPR/VER1/02-19

6

6.1

6.1.1

6.1.2

6.2

6.2.1

6.2.2

6.3

6.3.1

6.3.2

6.3.