PR)

APP 1

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS FOR PUBLIC FUNDS

A1.1.1 The Fund Manager of a Passported Fund that is a Public Fund must ensure

that:

(a)

the incorporation and other legal formalities relating to the formation of the Public Fund are completed;

(b)

if it is a trust, it has a trustee which meets the requirements set out for acting as a trustee of a Public Fund in the Home Jurisdiction;

(c)

it has appointed an auditor who complies with the relevant audit rules in the Home Jurisdiction; and

(d)

the Prospectus for the Fund meets the minimum requirements set out in A1.1.2.

A1.1.2 The Prospectus for a Passported Fund that is a Public Fund must contain, at

a minimum, the information prescribed in the following table.

Guidance

1.

The Rules in this module do not require an additional Prospectus to be made available for a Public Fund that is domiciled in the DIFC. If the Fund has a Prospectus that complies with the Rules in CIR, a Fund Manager would comply with A1.1.2 if it amends its Prospectus so as to include the additional minimum content required under this Rule that is not required under CIR.

2.

The Prospectus for a Passported Fund must be made available in English. The Key Investor Information Document (KIID) referred to in the table in A1.1.2 must be made available in both English and Arabic.

1. Document Status

A statement that this document is the Prospectus of the Public Fund and is valid as at a particular date which shall be the date of the Prospectus.

2. Description of the Fund

Information detailing:

(a)

the name of the Public Fund and the fact that it is a Public Fund established in the DIFC;

(b)

the effective date of commencement of the Public Fund's operations and, if the duration of the Public Fund is not unlimited, when it will or may terminate;

(c)

the legal structure of the Public Fund;

(d)

the basis upon which persons are eligible to participate in the Public Fund and, where applicable, the minimum initial investment;

(e)

that the Unitholders are not liable for the debts of the Public Fund,

24

FPR/VER1/02-19

FUND PROTOCOL RULES (FPR)

unless the applicable legislation in the DIFC prescribes otherwise and, if so, a statement specifying the circumstances in which Unitholders may be so liable;

(f)

the base currency of the Public Fund and, where relevant, the maximum and minimum sizes of the Public Fund's capital;

(g)

the circumstances in which the Public Fund may be wound up; and

(h)

that no Units will be issued on the basis of the Prospectus after the expiry date specified in the Prospectus.

3. Investment Objectives and Policy

Sufficient information to enable a Unitholder or a prospective Unitholder to ascertain:

(a)

the investment objectives of the Public Fund and its investment policy for achieving those investment objectives;

(b)

the Public Fund’s policy and any operating restrictions in relation to the use of debt;

(c)

a description of any restrictions in the assets in which investment may be made; and

(d)

the extent, if any, to which that investment policy does not envisage remaining fully invested at all times.

If intended, whether the Fund Property may consist of Units in Domestic Funds which are managed or operated by the Fund Manager or by one of its associates and a statement specifying:

(a)

the basis of the maximum amount of the charges in respect of transactions in the Fund invested in; and

(b)

the extent to which any such charges will be reimbursed to the Public Fund.

4. The characteristics of Units in the Public Fund

Information as to:

(a)

the names of the classes of Units of the Public Fund in issue or available for issue and the rights attached to them in so far as they vary from the rights attached to other classes of Units in the Public Fund;

(b)

how Unitholders may exercise their voting rights and what they are; and

(c)

the circumstances where a mandatory redemption, cancellation or conversion of a Unit from one class to another may be required.

5. The Fund Manager

The following particulars of the Fund Manager:

25

FPR/VER1/02-19

FUND