ordinated supervision of the marketing and selling of units of domestic funds within the UAE (State). The “Protocol” introduces a notification and registration process to enhance the monitoring and supervision of the financial services associated with the marketing and sale of units in domestic funds. The Protocol sets out a common regulatory framework which is to be implemented by each of the regulators. The Protocol is implemented in the DFSA Rulebook primarily through this module (FPR).

2.

FPR specifies procedures and requirements that apply in relation to a Passported Fund where the DFSA is either the Home Regulator or the Host Regulator of the Fund.

3.

FPR is applicable to Fund Managers of Domestic Funds (as that term is defined in Rule 1.3.1) but also to other Authorised Firms that propose to carry on, or are carrying on, the marketing and selling of the Units of such Funds from the DIFC to potential investors and Clients situated in the ADGM or the State, outside the DIFC. It will also be relevant to Fund Managers, their Agents and any other Licensed Persons domiciled outside the DIFC that propose to carry on the marketing and selling of the Units of Domestic Funds to potential investors and Clients situated in the DIFC. However, where a Fund Manager or any other Authorised Firm only carries on Financial Services involving the Units of Domestic Funds with or for potential investors and Clients situated within the DIFC, then the Rules in FPR will not be relevant.

4.

Provided the Fund Manager has notified the DFSA and complies with other requirements of the Fund Protocol Rules, the manager may market and sell the Units in their Domestic Funds, or continue to do so, to potential investors and Clients situated in the DIFC or in the State outside the DIFC without the need for further authorisation or approval by any authority. Authorised firms other than the Fund Manager may also carry out such activities if the Fund has been registered under the Fund Protocol Rules.

1

FPR/VER1/02-19

FUND PROTOCOL RULES (FPR)

1.3

Glossary for FPR

Guidance

1.

Some of the defined terms and abbreviations in this module may also be found in the DFSA’s Glossary module (GLO). Where a defined term in this module does not appear in Rule 1.3.1, a Person to whom these Rules apply should refer to GLO to find the meaning.

2.

A reference to legislation includes a reference to the legislation as amended or re- enacted from time to time.

3.

Note that some terms, such as Fund and Domestic Fund, are defined differently in this module than elsewhere the Rulebook.

1.3.1

In this module the terms and abbreviations listed in the table below have the following meanings:

Agent

A Licensed Person appointed by the Fund Manager of a Passported Fund to Promote the Units of that Fund.

Authority

The Securities and Commodities Authority (SCA), the Financial Services Regulatory Authority (FSRA) or the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA).

Domestic Fund or Fund

Any arrangement that:

(a) is established or domiciled in the UAE; and

(b) is a “collective investment fund” as defined under the legislation administered by the DFSA or the FSRA or an “investment fund” as defined under the legislation administered by the SCA.

Fund Manager

The Person licensed by a Home Regulator to manage or operate a Domestic Fund.

Home Regulator

(a) In relation to a Fund, the Authority that is responsible for regulating the Fund in the Jurisdiction where the Fund is established or domiciled; and

(b) In relation to the Fund Manager of a Fund, the Authority that is responsible for regulating the Fund Manager in the Jurisdiction where the Fund is established or domiciled.

Home Jurisdiction

In relation to a Fund, the Jurisdiction in which the Fund is established or domiciled.

2

FPR/VER1/02-19

Host Jurisdiction

Host Regulator

Jurisdiction

Licensed Person

Passported Fund

Person

Promote

Promoted

Promotion

Promoting

Private Fund

Public Fund

Qualified Investor

FUND PROTOCOL RULES (FPR)

In relation to a Passported Fund, a Jurisdiction into which the Passported Fund may be Promoted under these Rules.

In relation