uarial body that is a full member of the International Actuarial Association.

Capital resources calculated in accordance with PIN Rule A3.2.1.

Cellular capital resources calculated in accordance with PIN Rule A5.6.1.

Fund capital resources calculated in accordance with PIN Rule A7.2.1.

Non-cellular capital resources calculated in accordance with PIN Rule A5.2.1.

2

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Administrator

Advice

Advising

Advising on Credit

Advising on Financial Products Advisor

AFN

Agent

Algorithmic Token

Alternative Trading System

AMI

AML

Annual Information Return

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

Means an Authorised Firm Acting as the Administrator of an Employee Money Purchase Scheme.

Advice of the type specified in GEN section 2.11 or 2.28.

Advising on Credit or Advising on Financial Products.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.28.1(1)(b).

Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.11.

In relation to a Fund, a Person who is retained by the its Eligible Custodian, a Person providing Fund, oversight or its Fund Manager under a commercial arrangement which is not a contract of service:

(a)

to supply any of them with the advice in relation to the Fund as investment opportunities or information relevant to the making of judgments about the merits of investment opportunities; or

to

the merits of

(b)

to exercise for any of the functions concerning the management of the Fund Property.

The Applications, Forms and Notices module of the Sourcebook.

In relation to a Passported Fund, a Licensed Person appointed by the Fund Manager of the Fund to Promote the Units of that Fund.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 3A.1.1.

A trading system or facility of a type specified under GEN 2.22.1.

The Authorised Market Rulebook.

Institutions module of

the

Means either “anti-money laundering” or the Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions module depending on the context.

for return prepared by a Registered Auditor A submission to the DFSA in accordance with AUD Rule 4.8.

3

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Annual Regulatory Return

Approved Asset

Approved Prospectus

Approved Stock Exchange

Arranging Credit and Advising on Credit

Arranging Credit

Arranging Custody

Arranging Deals in Investments Arranging or Advising on Money Services Associate

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

An annual regulatory return of the type specified in PIN Rule A10.3.1.

(1) A certificate of deposit with a maximum term to maturity of six months issued by and held with an Eligible Bank; a term deposit with an Eligible Bank with a remaining term to maturity of one year or less; a negotiable debt instrument, with a remaining term to maturity of five years or less, where the instrument, or issuer thereof, is Rated at least AA- by Standard & Poor’s, or the equivalent by another Rating Agency; a fully repurchase collateralised with negotiable debt instruments meeting the rating criterion in (3), and where the credit rating of the counterparty also meets the criteria; or

(2)

(3)

(4)

agreement which

is

a bond fund meeting the rating criterion in (3) and where the designated bank account for redeemed investment is the an Insurance Bank Account held by the Authorised Firm in accordance with the requirement of COB section 14.3.

Has the meaning given in MKT Rule 2.6.2(2), 2.7.1(4) and 6.3.2(2).

A stock exchange designated as approved by a written notice from the DFSA, subject to any conditions that the DFSA may specify in that notice.

Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.28.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.28.1(1)(a).

Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.14.

Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.9.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.32.1.

(1) In Chapters 7 and 11 of GEN and Chapter 8 of AMI means, in respect of a Person ‘