, where proxies are allowed, by proxy, at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution has been duly given.

53

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Organised Trading Facility

OTF

Outsourcing Agreement

Own Account Transaction

Owner’s Equity

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

Pursuant to GEN Rule 2.22.1(b), a system which brings together multiple third party buying and selling interests in Investments, in accordance with its discretionary rules, in a way that results in a contract in respect of such Investments.

An Organised Trading Facility.

An agreement in writing entered into by an Fund Manager or Trustee with a Service Provider in relation to outsourced functions, which fulfils the criteria in CIR App 1.

A transaction Executed by the Authorised Firm for its own benefit or for the benefit of its Associate.

In relation to a Takaful Insurer, the amount of the assets, less the liabilities, of the Insurer that are not attributed to the insurance fund of the Insurer.

54

GLO/VER62/07-25

P Back to top

Defined Term

Parent

Participating Employer

Partner

Partnership

Passported Fund

Payment Account

Payment Account Provider

Payment Initiation Service

Payment Instrument

Payment Order

Payment Schedule

Payment Service

Payment Service Provider Payment Transaction

Permanent Health Insurance

Permanent Share Capital

Person

Personal Account Transaction

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

A Holding Company.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.30.1.

In relation to an Undertaking which is a Partnership, a Person occupying the position of a partner, by whatever name called.

Any partnership, including a partnership constituted under the law of a country or territory outside the DIFC, but not including a Limited Liability Partnership.

Has the meaning given in FPR section 1.3.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.6.1(2)

A Person that provides or operates a Payment Account.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.32.1(4).

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.6.1(2)

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.6.1(2).

Has the meaning given in COB Rule 12.1.2.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.6.1(2).

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.6.1(2).

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.6.1(2).

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule A4.1.2(d).

Ordinary paid-up share capital or similar shareholders’ or members’ equity, including retained earnings, however called.

A Person includes any natural person, Body Corporate or body unincorporated, legal person, company, Partnership, unincorporated association, government or state.

including a

transaction undertaken by an Employee of an A Authorised Firm in an Investment or Crypto Token, other than:

(a)

a transaction in a government and public Security;

55

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Persons Undertaking Key Control Functions

PIB

PIN

Policyholder

Policy Benefit

Politically Exposed Person (PEP)

Preliminary Notice

Premium Liability

Price Information Provider

Price Sensitive Information

Price Stabilisation

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

(b)

a transaction in a life policy; or

(c)

a discretionary transaction if there is no prior communication with the discretion is not exercised by the Authorised Firm.

the Employee and

Persons undertaking compliance, risk management, internal audit and similar control functions.

The Prudential - Investment, Insurance Intermediation and Banking module of the Rulebook.

The Prudential – Insurance Business module of the Rulebook.

Includes a potential policyholder.

An amount payable under an insurance contract as a result of the occurrence of an event insured under the contract.

Means a natural person (and includes, where relevant, a family member or close associate) who is or has been entrusted with a prominent public function, including but not limited to, a head of state or of government, senior politician, senior government, judicial or military official, ambassador, senior executive of a state owned corporation, or an important political party official, but not middle ranking or more