.

Any part of the financial business of an Authorised Person which is carried out in accordance with Shari’a.

Islamic Financial Institution An Authorised Person which has, on its Licence, an endorsement authorising it to conduct its entire financial

40

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Islamic Fund

Islamic Securities

Islamic Window

ISPV

Issuer

J

Back to top

Defined Term

Joint Forum

K Back to top

Defined Term

Key Individual

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

business in accordance with Sharia’a.

Has the meaning given in CIR Rule 3.1.2

Any Security Offered, or held out expressly or implicitly, as Islamic or Shari'a compliant. That part of an Authorised Person, other than an Islamic Financial Institution, which conducts Islamic Financial Business.

Insurance Special Purpose Vehicle

(1)

(in relation to any Security) (other than a Unit in a Collective Investment Fund) the Person by whom it is or is to be issued;

(2)

(in relation to a Unit in a Collective Investment Fund) the Fund Manager;

(3)

(in relation to an interest in a limited Partnership) the Partnership; and

(4)

(in relation to Certificates) the Person who issued or is to issue the Security to which the Certificate or other instrument relates.

Definition

The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS), the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS).

Definition

An individual who has been authorised by the DFSA to perform one or more Licensed Functions for an Authorised Market Institution.

41

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Key Information

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

Information prescribed in MKT Rule in 2.5.2(1)(b).

42

GLO/VER62/07-25

L

Back to top

Defined Term

Large Exposure

Licence

Licensed Director

Licence Endorsement

Licensed Function

Licensed Partner

Licensed Person

Licensing Requirements

Limited Liability Partnership

Liquidity Risk

List

Listed Entity

Listed Fund

Listed Securities

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

An Exposure, whether in an Authorised Firm’s Non- Trading Book or Trading Book, or both, to a of Closely Related Counterparty Counterparties or a Group of Counterparties connected to the Authorised Firm which in aggregate is equal to or exceeds 10% of the Authorised Firm’s Tier 1 Capital.

or Group

A Licence granted by the DFSA under Chapter 2 of Part 3 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

The Licensed Function described in GEN Rule 7.4.3.

an endorsement made by the DFSA on a Licence that permits an Authorised Person to carry on an activity prescribed under Article 44 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

(1)

in relation to an Authorised Firm, a function described in GEN section 7.4; and

(2)

in relation to an Authorised Market Institution, a function described in AMI section 5.3.

The Licensed Function described in GEN Rule 7.4.4.

In relation to a Passported Fund, a Person who is licensed or otherwise authorised by the Home Regulator to Promote Funds.

The requirements set out in AMI section 7.2 in relation to the granting of a Licence to an Authorised Market Institution.

A partnership incorporated under the Limited Liability Partnership Law 2004 or under the law of a country or territory outside the DIFC.

The risk of loss to an Authorised Firm as a result of inability to meet its obligations as they fall due.

The Official List of Securities.

Has the meaning given in MKT Rule 9.1.1(2).

A Collective Investment Fund which has been admitted to the Official List of Securities.

Any Securities which have been admitted to the Official List of Securities.

43

GLO/VER62/07-25

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Defined Term

Definition

Listing Principles

Means the Rules in MKT section 9.2.

Listing Rules

The Rules in chapter 9 of MKT.

Lloyd’s

The society established in the United Kingdom and known as Lloyd’s.

Lloyd’s Underwriter

An underwriting member of Lloyds.

Loan