 Holding company of Person A;

(ii) is a Subsidiary of Person A;

(iii) is a Holding Company of the Subsidiary of

Person A;

(iv) is a Subsidiary of a Holding Company of

Person A; or

(v) owns and controls 20% or more of the voting

rights or shares of Person A; or

(b) Person A owns and controls 20% or more of the

13

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Close Out Netting

Close Relative

Closed-ended Fund

Closely Related

CMC COB

Code of Ethics for Accountants and Audit Firms of Islamic Financial Institutions

Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants

Collateral

Collective Investment Fund

Commercial Paper

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

voting rights or shares of Person B.

A process whereby the claims and obligations of two Counterparties are accelerated, netted to form a single net sum and become immediately due upon the default, bankruptcy, liquidation or other similar circumstance of either of the Counterparties.

In relation to any individual:

(a) his spouse;

(b) his children and step-children, his parents and step-parents, his brothers and sisters and his step-brothers and step-sisters; and

(c)

the spouse of any individual within (b).

Has the meaning given in Article 18A(3) of the Collective Investment Law.

Has the meaning given in PIB Rule A4.11.5.

The Code of Market Conduct module of the Sourcebook. The Conduct of Business module of the Rulebook.

The code of ethics issued by the Accounting and Auditing Organisation of Islamic Financial Institutions from time to time (AAOIFI).

The code of ethics for accountants as issued and amended from time to time by the International Ethics Standard Board for Accountants (IESBA).

(1) In PIB, any form of asset, guarantee, or indemnity which is held or controlled by an Authorised Firm and is subject to a security interest or arrangement in favour of that firm; and

(2) In COB, a Client Investment or Client Crypto Token which has been paid for in full by a Client and which is held or controlled by the Authorised Firm under the terms of a deposit, pledge, charge or other security arrangement.

An arrangement which amounts to a Fund under Article 11 of the Collective Investment Law 2010 and which is not excluded under the Rules made under Article 12 set out under CIR section 2.1.

Debentures with a maturity of less than 2 years at the

14

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Commission

Commodities Risk Capital Requirement

Commodity Derivative

Companies Law

Complaint

Compliance Officer

Concentration Risk

Connected

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

date of issue.

Any form of commission, including a benefit of any kind, offered or given in connection with Investment Business.

A component of the Market Risk Capital Requirement to cover in commodities, including precious metals, but excluding gold, calculated in accordance with PIB section 5.7. A Derivative over a commodity.

the risk of holding or

taking positions

DIFC Law No. 5 of 2018 relating to the incorporation of Companies.

Any oral or written expression of dissatisfaction from a Client to an Authorised Firm in connection with the provision of, or failure to provide, a Financial Service to the Client.

In relation to:

(a)

an Authorised Firm, described in GEN Rule 7.4.6; and

the Licensed Function

(b)

an Authorised Market Individual function described in AMI Rule 5.3.6.

Institution,

the Key

The risk faced by an Authorised Firm arising out of its Large Exposures.

In relation to a Person (A), a Person which has or has at any relevant time had the following relationship to A:

(a)

a member of A’s Group;

(b)

a Controller of A;

(c)

a member of a partnership of which A is a member;

(d)

an employee or former employee of A;

(e)

if A is a company:

(i)

an officer or manager of A or of a parent of A;

(ii)

an agent of A or of a parent of A;

(f)

if A is