book.

The Prudential – Insurance Business module of the Rulebook.

Includes a potential policyholder.

An amount payable under an insurance contract as a result of the occurrence of an event insured under the contract.

Means a natural person (and includes, where relevant, a family member or close associate) who is or has been entrusted with a prominent public function, including but not limited to, a head of state or of government, senior politician, senior government, judicial or military official, ambassador, senior executive of a state owned corporation, or an important political party official, but not middle ranking or more junior individuals in these categories.

a written notice given by the DFSA to a Person pursuant to paragraph 4(1) of Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law 2004.

The liability referred to in PIN Rule 5.4.7.

(1) In CIR, has the meaning given to that term in CIR

Rule 13.9.4(2).

(2) In AMI, has the meaning given to that term in Rule

A2.1.2(2).

Information of a type which is liable to cause substantial movement in the price of Securities or (in the case of Debentures) to affect significantly the ability of the Issuer to meet its commitments.

The activity of stabilising the price of an Eligible Security in the manner described in the PRS Module.

56

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Principal Representative

Principle

Privacy Device

Privacy Token

Private Equity Fund

Private Placement

Private Trust Company

Privileged Communication

Professional Client

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

An individual designated by a Representative Office in accordance with REP.

(1)

In relation to an Authorised Firm or Authorised Individual, a principle prescribed in GEN chapter 4.

(2)

In relation to a Registered Auditor, a principle prescribed in AUD section 2.3A.

(3) In relation to an Audit Principal, a principle

prescribed in AUD section 2.6.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 3A.1.1.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 3A.1.1.

Has the meaning given in CIR Rule 3.1.6

An Offer made to a Person who is likely to be interested in the Offer having regard to:

(i)

previous contact between the Person making the Offer and that Person;

(ii)

a professional or other connection between the Person making the Offer and that Person; or

(iii)

statements or actions by that Person that indicate that he is interested in Offers of that kind.

Means a body corporate the purpose of which is solely to provide trust business services in respect of a specific trust or trusts:

(a)

of which a Family Member of a Family or a Family Entity related to a Family is the settlor; and

(b)

the beneficiaries are all persons referred to in paragraphs (a) to (d) of Rule 2.5.2 of the Family Arrangement Regulations.

A privilege arising from the provision of professional legal advice and any other like privilege properly applicable at law to the communication in question, but does not include a general duty of confidentiality.

A Client specified under COB Rule 2.3.3.

57

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Profit Equalisation Reserve

Profit Sharing Investment Account (PSIA)

Promote

Property

Property Fund

Property Investment Crowdfunding

Property Investment Crowdfunding Operator

Property Investment Crowdfunding Platform

Property Related Assets

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

the Represents Mudaraba the Mudarib’s share, in order to maintain a certain level of investment returns for investment account holders and to increase owners’ equity.

the amount appropriated out of

income, before allocating

An account or portfolio managed:

(a)

in relation to property of any kind, including the currency of any country or territory, held for or within the account or portfolio;

(b)

(c)

in accordance with Shari’a and held out as such; and under the term of an agreement whereby:

(i)

the investor agrees to share any profit with the manager of the account or portfolio in accordance with a predetermined specified percentage or ratio; and

(ii)

the investor agrees that he alone will bear any losses in the absence of negligence or the breach of contract on manager.

the part of

In relation to a