 entity, being in the position relative to that entity of:

(a) a second entity that is a Subsidiary, Associate or

Holding Company of the first entity;

(b) a second entity that is a Subsidiary or Associate of

the Holding Company of the first entity;

(c) a director or officer of the first entity or of an entity that is related to the first entity by reason of (a) or (b) above;

(d)

the spouse or minor child of a natural person referred to in (c) above; or

(e) a company that is a Subsidiary of or subject to significant influence by or from a natural person referred to in (c) or (d) above.

(1)

In MKT, has the meaning given to that term in MKT Rule 3.5.2(a) except in relation to a Rating Subject, where it has the meaning given to it in COB Rule

64

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Related Party Transaction

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

8.5.2(2).

(2)

In CIR, in relation to a Fund:

(a) its Fund Manager;

(b) its Governing Body;

(c) an individual director of a Corporate Director;

(d) its Custodian;

(e) its Trustee or other Persons providing oversight;

(f) any Advisor;

(g) a holder of 5% or more of the Units of the Fund;

or

(h) an Associate of a Person in (a) to (g).

(3) In CIR Rule 13.9.5, in relation to the ETF Fund

Manager:

(a) a member of the Fund Manager’s Group;

(b) a Controller of the Fund Manager;

(c) a director or senior officer of the Fund Manager or a family member of such director or senior officer; or

(d) a business associate of the Fund Manager or, of

a person referred to in (c).

(4) In CIR, in relation to a Fund on a Fund Platform, any

other Fund on that Fund Platform.

(1) in MKT, has the meaning given to that term in MKT

Rule 3.5.2(b).

(2) in CIR, in relation to a Fund, means:

(a) a transaction in respect of Fund Property entered into by a Fund Manager with a Related Party; or

(b) in CIR Rule 13.9.5, an arrangement referred to in that Rule relating to an index or benchmark that is entered into by an ETF Fund Manager

65

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Related Person

Relevant Information

Relevant Person

Remuneration

Reporting Entity

Representative Office

Responsible Officer

Restricted Person

Restricted Profit Sharing Investment Accounts

Restricted Speculative Investment

Retail Client

Return

Risk Officer

Rule

Rulebook

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

with a Related Party.

(3)

in COB, in relation to an Employee Money Purchase Scheme, means a transaction relating to property of the Scheme entered into by an Operator or Administrator with a person who is Related to the Operator or Administrator (as the case may be).

Has the meaning given in PIB Rule 4.4.6.

Has the meaning given to it in COB Rule 8.3.1(2)

(1)

In AML, has the meaning in AML Rule 1.1.2.

(2)

In AUD, has the meaning in AUD Rule 1.1.2.

Any form of remuneration, including benefits of any kind.

Has the meaning given in Article 38 of the Markets Law 2012.

A Person carrying on in the DIFC the Financial Service of Operating a Representative Office for which it has authorisation under its Licence.

The Licensed Function described in GEN Rule 7.4.9

Has the meaning given to that term in MKT Rule 3.4.1(2).

A PSIA in respect of which the investment account holder imposes certain restrictions as to where, how and for what purpose his funds are to be invested.

Has the meaning given in COB Rule 6.16.2.

A Client specified under COB Rule 2.3.2.

Includes both Quarterly Regulatory Returns and Annual Regulatory Returns