 expenses; and

(2)

in relation to an Insurer during a period:

(a)

in respect of General the aggregate amount of Gross Written Premium insurance and reinsurance contracts entered into by the Insurer as that period, insurer during together with any adjustments arising in that period in respect of contracts effected in previous periods; and

Insurance,

in respect of

(b)

in respect of Long-Term Insurance, the aggregate amount of Gross Written

33

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Group

Group Risk

Guidance

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

Premium becoming due for payment in that period.

(1) Means a group of entities which includes an entity

(the ‘first entity’) and:

(a) any Parent of the first entity; and

(b) any Subsidiary of the first entity or of any

Parent of the first entity.

(2)

In AML, has the meaning in Rule 3.2.1.

The risk of loss to the Authorised Firm as a result of its membership of, or linkages within a Group.

Has the meaning given in Article 2 of Schedule 1 to the Regulatory Law 2004.

34

GLO/VER62/07-25

H Back to top

Defined Term

Hedge Fund

Historic Price

Holding Company

Home Jurisdiction

Home Regulator

Host Jurisdiction

Host Regulator

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

Has the meaning given in CIR Rule 3.1.9

A price calculated by reference to the valuation point immediately preceding the fund manager's agreement to sell or, as the case may be, to redeem the units in question.

Has the meaning given in Schedule 1 to the Companies Law and, without limiting the generality of that definition, is taken to include, in relation to a relevant Body Corporate (the Subsidiary), the Subsidiary’s ultimate Holding Company and any Holding Company between the Subsidiary and the Subsidiary’s ultimate Holding Company.

Has the meaning given in FPR section 1.3.

Has the meaning given in FPR section 1.3.

Has the meaning given in FPR section 1.3.

Has the meaning given in FPR section 1.3.

35

GLO/VER62/07-25

I Back to top

Defined Term

IFAC

IFRS for Small and Medium- Sized Entities

iNAV

Incorporated Cell

Incorporated Cell Company (ICC)

ICC Regulations

Independent Valuer

Initial List

Inside Information

Insider

Instrument

Insurance Agent

Insurance Aggregation Site

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

The International Federation of Accountants.

The IFRS for SMEs Accounting Standard, as issued and amended International Accounting Standards Board.

from

time

to

time by

the

Indicative Net Asset Value of an ETF.

An Incorporated Cell of an Incorporated Cell Company, created in accordance with the ICC Regulations.

A company Company under the ICC Regulations.

incorporated as an

Incorporated Cell

The Incorporated Cell Company (ICC) Regulations made under the DIFC Companies Law.

A Person who carries on the business or profession of valuing Real Property and who meets the criteria set out under CIR Rule 13.4.19.

The Initial List of Recognised Crypto Tokens published by the DFSA under GEN Rule 3A.4.1, as amended from time to time.

Information specified in Article 63(1)(a) of the Markets Law 2012.

A Person specified in Article 63(1)(b) of the Markets Law 2012.

Means, in relation to a Derivative, any Investment, asset or thing on which the value of the Derivative may be based.

A Person who acts as an agent of one or more insurers.

A website or other form of electronic media that provides a facility by means of which a Person can:

(a)

search for a Contract of Insurance according to selected criteria;

(b)

identify, obtain a quote for, compare, or obtain a list ranking one or more Contracts of Insurance in response to the search; and

(c)

conclude, directly or indirectly, a Contract of Insurance.

36

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Insurance Bank Account

Insurance Broker

Insurance