 the Derivative may be based.

A Person who acts as an agent of one or more insurers.

A website or other form of electronic media that provides a facility by means of which a Person can:

(a)

search for a Contract of Insurance according to selected criteria;

(b)

identify, obtain a quote for, compare, or obtain a list ranking one or more Contracts of Insurance in response to the search; and

(c)

conclude, directly or indirectly, a Contract of Insurance.

36

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Insurance Bank Account

Insurance Broker

Insurance Business

Insurance Fund

Insurance Intermediary

Insurance Intermediation

Insurance Liabilities

Insurance Management

Insurance Manager

Insurance Monies

Insurance Monies Auditor’s Report

Insurance Special Purpose Vehicle

Insurer

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

A bank account with an Eligible Bank which has been opened by an Insurance Intermediary or Insurance Manager in accordance with COB Rule 7.12.5.

A Person who acts as an agent of a Policyholder in relation to a Contract of Insurance. The business of Effecting Contracts of Insurance or Carrying Out Contracts of Insurance, including effecting or carrying out contracts of reinsurance (as reinsurer).

In relation to a Takaful Insurer, the aggregate of the assets and liabilities of the Insurer that are attributed to the Takaful transactions of the Insurer and the amount of any assets designated by the Insurer as a capital transfer to the insurance fund; and includes the amount of any profit, surplus or return (however called or described), less attributable expenses, arising on the investment of such funds.

An Authorised Firm whose Licence authorises it to carry on the Financial Service of Insurance Intermediation.

Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.19.

General Insurance liabilities and Long-Term Insurance liabilities.

Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.20.

An Authorised Firm whose Licence authorises it to carry on the Financial Service of Insurance Management.

Has the meaning given in COB Rule 7.12.2.

A report referred to in GEN Rule 8.6.1(d).

An insurer which:

(a)

assumes risks by way of reinsurance; and

(b)

is required to fully fund its exposures to those risks through the proceeds of a debt issuance or some other financing arrangement where the repayment those arrangements are obligations under subordinated reinsurance obligations.

to

the

insurer’s

A Person carrying on in the DIFC either or both of the it has following Financial Services

for which

37

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Internal Auditor

International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)

International Standards on Auditing

International Standards on Quality Management

International Standards on Related Services

Invested Assets

Investment

Investment Analyst

Investment Business

(h)

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

authorisation under its Licence:

(a)

Effecting Contracts of Insurance; or

(b)

Carrying Out Contracts of Insurance.

The Key Individual function described in AMI Rule 5.3.9.

The amended from Accounting Standards Board.

IFRS Accounting Standards, as the

time

to

time by

issued and International

The international standards on auditing as issued and amended from time to time by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB).

The international standards on quality management as issued and amended from time to time by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB).

The international standards on related services as issued and amended the from International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB). Any asset, right or interest of an Insurer that is held by the Insurer for the primary purpose of generating revenues or for directly providing funds to meet the Insurer’s cash outflows in the future.

time

to

time by

Has the meaning given in GEN section A2.1.

An Employee of an Authorised Firm who prepares Investment Research.

The business of:

(a) Dealing in Investments as Principal;

(b) Dealing in Investments as Agent;

(c) Arranging Deals in Investments;

(d) Managing Assets;

(e) Advising on Financial Products;

(f) Managing a Collective Investment Fund;

(g) Providing Custody;

38

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Investment Company

Investment Crowdfunding

Investment