 as approved by a written notice from the DFSA, subject to any conditions that the DFSA may specify in that notice.

Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.28.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.28.1(1)(a).

Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.14.

Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.9.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.32.1.

(1) In Chapters 7 and 11 of GEN and Chapter 8 of AMI means, in respect of a Person ‘A’ holding Shares or entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of voting power, in an Authorised Firm or a Holding Company of an Authorised Firm:

(a)

the spouse of A;

4

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

ATS

ATS Operator

ATS Traded Fund

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

(b) a child or stepchild of A;

(c)

the trustee of any settlement, including any disposition or arrangement under which property is held on trust or subject to a comparable obligation, under which A has a life interest in possession;

(d) an Undertaking of which A is a director;

(e) a Person who is an Employee or partner of A;

(f) where A is an Undertaking:

(i)

a director of A;

(ii) a subsidiary or wholly owned subsidiary

of A; or

(iii) a director or Employee of such a subsidiary or wholly owned subsidiary; or

(g) a Person who has an agreement or arrangement with A with respect the acquisition, holding or disposal of Shares or other interests in the Authorised Firm or the Holding Company of an Authorised Firm or under which they undertake to act together in exercising their voting power in relation to an Authorised Firm or the Holding Company of an Authorised Firm or that other Person.

to

(2) Except in Chapters 7 and 11 of GEN and Chapter 8 of AMI means in respect of a Person ‘A’, any Person, including an affiliated company which is:

(a) an undertaking in the same Group as A; or

(b) any other person whose business or domestic relationship with A or his Associate might reasonably be expected to give rise to a community of interest between them which may involve a conflict of interest in dealings with third parties.

An Alternative Trading System.

An Authorised Firm carrying on the Financial Service of Operating an Alternative Trading System for which it has authorisation under its Licence.

A Collective Investment Fund, the Units of which are

5

GLO/VER62/07-25

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Defined Term

Definition

Security Tokens that are admitted to trading on an Alternative Trading System, but are not admitted to trading on an Authorised Market Institution or a Regulated Exchange.

AUD

The Auditor module of the Rulebook.

Auditor

Has the meaning given in Article 97 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

Audit Principal

Has the meaning given in Article 97 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

Audit Services

Has the meaning given in Article 97 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

Authorised Firm

A Person, other than an Authorised Market Institution, who holds a Licence.

Authorised Individual

An individual who has been authorised by the DFSA to for an perform one or more Licensed Functions Authorised Firm.

Authorised ISPV

An ISPV which holds a Licence to carry on either or both of the following Financial Services:

(a)

Effect Contracts of Insurance; or

(b)

Carry Out Contracts of Insurance

Authorised Market Institution A Person who is Licensed by the DFSA in relation to the

carrying on either or both of the Financial Services prescribed in GEN Rule 2.17.1 and 2.18.1.

Authorised Participant

In relation to an ETF, a market maker appointed by the Fund Manager of the ETF for the purposes referred to in CIR Rule 3.1.12 or IFR Rule 6.13.1.

Authorised Person

An Authorised Firm or an Authorised Market Institution.

6

GLO/VER62/07-25

B

Back to top

Defined Term

Bank

Base Capital Requirement

Bearer Share

Beneficiary

Bid

Bidder

Bid Document

Bid Period

Board

Body Corporate

Branch

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

An