 who is not a member of the Governing Body.

For the purpose of CIR, a Person who is delegated an activity or outsourced a function by an Fund Manager or Trustee under the terms of a Service Agreement, as described in section 8.12 of CIR but does not include an Incorporated Cell Company that is used by the Fund Manager to perform any function relating to a Fund that is an Incorporated Cell of that ICC.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule A2.2.1(a).

the Share Means a statement which describes listing, ownership profile of summarising the key classes of shareholder and confirming that the Applicant complies with, or will its date of comply with, MKT Rule 9.3.10(1) on admission to the List.

the Applicant prior

to

The board comprised of individuals appointed by an Authorised Person and entrusted with the duty of directing, reviewing and supervising the activities of the Authorised Person Islamic Financial conducting Business in order to ensure that the Authorised Person in compliance with Shari’a.

In relation to:

(a) an Authorised Firm, has the meaning given to that

term in COB Rule 9.6.6(3); and

68

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Single Family Office

Small or Medium-sized Enterprise

SME

Soft Dollar Agreement

Solvency Reference Date

Special Purpose Vehicle

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

(b) an Authorised Market Institution, has the meaning

given to that term in AMI Rule 6.7.1(3).

Means a Family Office that provides Family Office Services only to one Family.

In relation to:

(a)

an Applicant for admission of Shares to the List, has the meaning given in MKT Rule 1.3.3(1); and

(b)

a Listed Entity that has Shares admitted to the List, has the meaning given in MKT Rule 1.3.3(2).

A Small or Medium-sized Enterprise.

An agreement in any form under which an Authorised Firm receives goods or services in return for Investment Business or Crypto Business put through or in the way of another Person.

A date at which an Insurer’s compliance with capital adequacy requirements in PIN chapter 4 are assessed.

(1)

In FER 1.2.7(3) and MKT App 5, a legal entity the object and purpose of which is primarily to issue Securities;

(2)

In relation to Property Investment Crowdfunding, a Body Corporate or a that has been established for the purpose of holding title to a property for investors; and

trust

(3)

In any other case, a Body Corporate whose sole purpose, either generally or when acting in a particular capacity, is to carry out one or more of the following functions:

(a)

issuing Investments;

(b)

repurchasing, terminating or redeeming or whether with a view to re-issue or to cancellation, an issue, in whole or par, of Investments; or

(c)

terminating transactions entering transactions involving Investments in connection with the issue, redemption, termination or re- purchase of Investments;

into

or

and has been explicitly established for the purpose of:

(d)

securitising assets; or.

69

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Special Resolution

Specific Risk

Sponsor

SSB

SSS

Stabilisation Agent

Stabilisation Manager

Stabilisation Window

State

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

(e)

investing in Real Property

and, in the case of (d), has been assessed by a rating agency.

(1)

In relation to a Domestic Fund, a resolution passed by a majority of not less than 75% of the votes validly cast (whether on a show of hands or on a poll) for and against the resolution at a general meeting or class meeting of Unitholders, of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been duly given.

(2)

In relation to a company (that is not a Domestic Fund), a resolution passed by at least seventy five per cent (75%) of the votes of such Shareholders as (being entitled to do so) vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy, at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution has been duly given.

The