The DFSA Rulebook

Glossary Module

(GLO)

GLO/VER62/07-25

GLOSSARY (GLO)

A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z

1

INTRODUCTION

1.1 Application

1.1.1 This module (GLO) applies to every Person to whom any module of the

Rulebook applies.

1.2 Defined Terms

1.2.1

(1)

In the Rulebook:

(a)

a word or phrase which is defined in this module is a defined term and has the meaning given in this module (GLO); and

(b)

a word or phrase which relates to a defined term must be interpreted accordingly;

(2)

In the PIB, AML, RAR and FPR modules:

(a)

a word or phrase which is defined solely for the purposes of a module is also a defined term and has the meaning given in that module; and

(b)

a word or phrase in that module which relates to such a defined term must be interpreted accordingly.

Guidance

1.

Defined terms are identified throughout the Rulebook by the capitalisation of the initial letter of a word or of each word in a phrase. Unless the context otherwise requires, where capitalisation of the initial letter or letters is not used, an expression has its natural meaning.

2.

A word or phrase which appears with capitalisation of the initial letter, but is not itself defined should be read in the same sense as the expression to which it relates, for example ‘Advice on Financial Products’ is related to ‘Advising on Financial Products’, so the reader should refer to the definition of ‘Advising on Financial Products’ for its meaning.

3.

Many of the defined expressions in GLO are used or defined in the relevant DIFC law or in legislation made under it. In these cases, GLO may refer to the statutory provision which is the source of the Rulebook definition. Where there is a short statutory definition, GLO sets out the definition in full. Where the statutory definition is long, GLO gives a summary of it, and states that it is a summary.

4.

Each module of the Rulebook has a reference code of three letters, usually a contraction or abbreviation of its title (for example, COB stands for the Conduct of Business module). The meaning of each of these codes is given in GLO.

5.

GEN section 6.2 provides further important guidance on interpreting words and phrases.

1

GLO/VER62/07-25

2

GLOSSARY

A

Back to top

Defined Term

Accepting Deposits

Account Information Service

Accounting Records

Acting as the Trustee of a Fund

Acting as the Administrator of an Employee Money Purchase Scheme Actuary

Adjusted Capital Resources

Adjusted Cellular Capital Resources

Adjusted Fund Capital Resources

Adjusted Non-Cellular Capital Resources

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.4.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.32.1(3).

Means records and underlying documents comprising initial and other accounting entries and associated supporting documents such as:

(a)

cheques;

(b)

records of electronic fund transfers;

(c)

invoices;

(d)

contracts;

(e)

the general and subsidiary ledgers, journal entries and other adjustments to the financial statements that are not reflected in journal entries; and

(f)

work sheets and spread sheets supporting cost allocations, computations, reconciliations and disclosures.

Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.25.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.31.1.

An individual who is a ‘Fellow’, or the holder of an equivalent qualification or rank, of a professional actuarial body that is a full member of the International Actuarial Association.

Capital resources calculated in accordance with PIN Rule A3.2.1.

Cellular capital resources calculated in accordance with PIN Rule A5.6.1.

Fund capital resources calculated in accordance with PIN Rule A7.2.1.

Non-cellular capital resources calculated in accordance with PIN Rule A5.2.1.

2

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Administrator

Advice

Advising

Advising on Credit

Advising on Financial Products Advisor

AF