 meaning in AML Rule 3.2.1.

Has the meaning given in CIR Rule 3.1.11.

The services referred to in GEN Rule 2.6.1

A report referred to in GEN Rule 8.6.1(f).

A Person that Provides Money Services.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.6.1(2).

A Multilateral Trading Facility.

An Authorised Firm that is authorised under its Licence

48

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Multilateral Trading Facility

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

to operate a Multilateral Trading Facility.

Pursuant to GEN Rule 2.22.1(a), a system which brings together multiple third party buying and selling interests in Investments or Crypto Tokens, in accordance with its non-discretionary rules, in a way that results in a contract in respect of such Investments or Crypto Tokens.

49

GLO/VER62/07-25

GLOSSARY (GLO)

N Back to top

Defined Term

Definition

Net Outstanding Claims

In respect of an Insurer as at a date, Gross Outstanding Claims of the Insurer as at that date, less the amount of reinsurance and other recoveries expected to be received in respect of those claims.

Net Written Premium

In respect of an Insurer during a period, Gross Written Premium of the Insurer during that period less the amount of premium on reinsurance contracts entered into by the Insurer as cedant during the same period.

Netting by Novation

The process of automatically amalgamating some or all claims and obligations between two Counterparties to create a single new claim or obligation replacing the relevant former claims or obligations.

Nominee Company

A company incorporated in the DIFC whose business consists solely of acting as a holder of Client Assets where such assets are held by the Nominee Company as agent of an Authorised Firm.

Non-Cellular Assets

Assets of a Protected Cell Company which are not Cellular Assets.

Non-Cellular Liabilities

Liabilities that may not be settled by disposition of cellular assets.

Non-DIFC insurer

Non-DIFC Scheme

A Person, other than an Insurer, who is authorised and supervised as an insurer by a Financial Services Regulator. Means an Employee Money Purchase Scheme or any similar scheme or arrangement that is established outside the DIFC.

Non-Fungible Token (NFT) Has the meaning given in GEN Rule A2.5.3.

Non-Performing

(1)

In the case of loans and other financial instruments to which an Authorised Firm is exposed, having either of the following qualities:

(a) Contractual payments of interest or principal are 90 days or more past the date on which they were due and payable, and the current value of any security held in respect of the is instrument loan or other insufficient, after making allowance for expenses of realisation, to meet the total amount of principal and accrued interest; or

financial

50

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Non-Trading Book

Notice of Objection

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

(b) having an enhanced risk of default, assessed

on the basis of reasonable criteria.

(2)

In regard to (1)(a), if a loan or other financial instrument has a regular payment schedule, the loan or other instrument is 90 days past due when 90 calendar days have elapsed since the due date of a contractual payment that has not been met in full; and the total amount that is due but has not yet been paid is equivalent to at least 90 days’ worth of contractual payments.

Describes positions, exposures and on-and off-balance sheet items, which are not in the Trading Book.

A notice filed by a Person who has received a Notice of Administrative Censure or a Notice of Administrative Fine who objects to the imposition of the censure or fine as the case may be.

51

GLO/VER62/07-25

O Back to top

Defined Term

Offer

Offer of Crypto Tokens to the Public

Offer of Securities to the Public

Offer to the Public

Offer Period

Offer Price

Offeree

Offeror

Official List of Securities

Open-ended Fund

Operating a Clearing House

Operating a Crowdfunding Platform

Operating an Employee Money Purchase Scheme

Operating a Facility for Crypto Tokens