) is held on a distributed ledger;

(b) is electronically accessible, from multiple locations,

by a network of participants; and

(c) can be updated by those participants, based on

agreed consensus, protocol or procedures.

A distribution event is:

(a)

the appointment of a

liquidator, receiver or

23

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

DLT

Domestic Firm

Domestic Fund

Dubai Law

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

administrator, or trustee in bankruptcy, over the Authorised Firm or its Nominee Company;

(b)

(c)

the appointment of a liquidator, receiver or administrator, or trustee in bankruptcy, over a Third Party Agent of the Authorised Firm or its Nominee Company; or the coming into force of a direction by the DFSA in respect of all Client Assets held by the Authorised Firm.

Distributed Ledger Technology.

An Authorised Person or DNFBP which:

(a)

has its registered and head office in the DIFC; or

(b)

if it is a subsidiary of an Undertaking whose principal place of business and head office is in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC, has its registered office in the DIFC.

(1) A Fund established or domiciled in the DIFC.

(2) In FPR, has the meaning given in section 1.3 of

those Rules.

Law made by the Ruler, as applicable in the Emirate of Dubai.

24

GLO/VER62/07-25

E Back to top

Defined Term

Effecting Contracts of Insurance Eligible Bank

Eligible Custodian

Eligible Security

Employee

Employee Money Purchase Scheme

Employee Share Scheme

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.15.

Means:

(a) a Bank;

(b) a legal entity that is authorised to accept deposits

and supervised by the Central Bank of the State; or

(c) a legal entity that is:

(i)

authorised to accept deposits and supervised in a by a Financial Services Regulator jurisdiction outside the State; and

(ii)

Rated at least A- by Standard & Poor’s, or the equivalent by another Rating Agency.

Has the meaning given in CIR Rule 8.2.4

A Share, Debenture, Certificate over a Share or Debenture, Warrant over a Share or Debenture or a Unit that is a share representing the rights or interests of a Unitholder in a Fund.

An individual:

(a) who is employed or appointed by a Person in connection with that Person's business, whether under a contract of service or for services or otherwise; or

(b) whose services, under an arrangement between that Person and a third party, are placed at the disposal and under the control of that Person.

Has the meaning given in Schedule 1 to the Regulatory Law.

A scheme or arrangement for encouraging or facilitating the holding of Securities of a Body Corporate by or for the benefit of:

(a) existing or former Employees of the Body Corporate

or an entity in its Group; or

(b) Close Relatives of the Employees referred to in (a).

25

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Employment Law

Employment Regulations

Error Trade

ETF

ETF Fund Manager Exchange

Exchange Traded Fund

Excluded Token

Execute

Execution – Only Transaction

Exempt Communications

Exempt Fund

Exempt Offers

Exempt Property Fund

Exempt Securities

Expenditure Based Capital Minimum

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

The DIFC Employment Law 2019.

The Regulations made under the DIFC Employment Law as amended from time to time.

In relation to an:

(a) Authorised Market Institution, has the meaning given

in AMI Rule 6.6.1; and

(b) Authorised Firm, has the meaning given in COB

Rule 9.6.5(3)

An Exchange Traded Fund.

The Fund Manager of an ETF. An Authorised Market Institution which is authorised under its Licence to carry on the Financial Service of Operating an Exchange.

Has the meaning given in CIR Rule 3.1.12.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule A2.5.2.

(In relation to a transaction) carry into effect or perform the transaction, whether as