 account or portfolio managed:

(a)

in relation to property of any kind, including the currency of any country or territory, held for or within the account or portfolio;

(b)

(c)

in accordance with Shari’a and held out as such; and under the term of an agreement whereby:

(i)

the investor agrees to share any profit with the manager of the account or portfolio in accordance with a predetermined specified percentage or ratio; and

(ii)

the investor agrees that he alone will bear any losses in the absence of negligence or the breach of contract on manager.

the part of

In relation to a Passported Fund, has the meaning given in FPR section 1.3.

(1) In relation to AML, has the meaning given in Articles (1) and (2) of the U.A.E. Federal Law No.20 of 2018; and

(2) In relation to Property Investment Crowdfunding, has

the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.29.1(7).

Has the meaning given in CIR Rule 3.1.7

Has the meaning given in GEN Rules 2.29.1(5) and (6).

A Person who is authorised under a Licence to operate a Property Investment Crowdfunding Platform.

An electronic platform or a facility referred to in GEN Rules 2.29.1(5) and (6).

Assets which are Shares, Debentures or Warrants which are issued by a Body Corporate, a substantial activity of which relates to investment in Real Property and Certificates which confer rights in respect of such Investments.

58

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Prospectus

Prospectus Offer

Protected Cell Company

Protection Buyer

Protection Seller

Providing Credit

Providing Custody

Providing Fund Administration Providing Money Services

Providing Trust Services

PRU

Prudential Context

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

(1)

In relation to an Offer of Securities to the Public, a document containing the information specified in Article 15 of the Markets Law 2012 and the MKT Rules, and includes a Supplementary Prospectus.

(2)

In relation to a Fund, a document containing the information prescribed under the Collective the CIR Rules, Investment Law 2010 and including or Supplementary Prospectus.

a Short Form Prospectus

An Offer of Securities referred to in Article 14(4)(a) of the Markets Law 2012.

A company Protected Cell Company provisions of Companies Law.

incorporated as, or converted into, a the the

in accordance with the Regulations made under

The Counterparty to a Credit Derivative contract that wishes to reduce the exposure to Credit Risk by protecting itself from potential loss suffered as a result of deterioration in the creditworthiness of the reference assets.

The Counterparty to a Credit Derivative contract that wishes to take on Credit Risk arises from potential loss suffered as a the creditworthiness of the reference assets in return for compensation from the Protection Buyer. Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.5.

result of deterioration

in

Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.13.

Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.24

Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.6.1.

Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.23.

The Prudential Returns module of the Sourcebook.

In relation to activities carried on by a Authorised Firm, the context in which the activities might have, or might reasonably be regarded as likely to have, a negative effect on:

(a) confidence in the financial stability of the DIFC;

59

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

PSIA

PSIAr

PSIAu

Public Appearance

Public Fund

Public Listed Company

Public Auditor’s Report

Listed Company

Public Property Fund

Public REIT

Public Sector Entities

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

(b)

the ability of the Authorised Firm to meet the applicable DFSA requirements and standards relating financial resources; or

to

the Authorised Firm’s

(c)

the fitness and propriety of the Authorised Firm to remain authorised.

Profit Sharing Investment Account.

Profit Sharing restricted basis.

Investment Account received on a

Profit Sharing Investment Account received on an unrestricted basis.

Any participation in an interview which is part of a seminar, forum, radio, television,