 which:

(a)

is included on the Initial List published by the DFSA under section 3A.4; or

(b)

the DFSA has recognised under Rule 3A.3.4.

Recognised Jurisdiction

In CIR, in relation to a Foreign Fund, means a jurisdiction which has been recognised by the DFSA under Article 55 of the Collective Investment Law 2010 or, pursuant to Article 1(b) of that law, under Article 20 of the Collective Investment Law 2006.

In relation to a Crypto Token or a service or activity

62

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Recognised Jurisdiction Notice

Recognised Member

Recognised Person Recognised Professional Body Recognised Professional Qualification

Recognised Supervisory Authority

Recognition

Recognition Criteria

Reference Asset

Reference Date

Reference Entity

Registered Auditor

Registration Statement

Regulated Exchange

Regulated Financial

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

relating to a Crypto Token, means a jurisdiction which the DFSA has recognised under GEN Rule 3A.5.1.

A notice issued by the DFSA, pursuant Article 55 of the Collective Investment Law 2010 or, pursuant to Article 1(b) of that law, under to Article 20 of the Collective Investment Law 2006, listing countries and territories which are Recognised Jurisdictions and Foreign Funds which are Designated Funds in respect of these jurisdictions.

Has the meaning given in Article 37(3)(b) of the Markets Law 2012.

A Recognised Body or a Recognised Member. A full member of IFAC.

A qualification conferred by a Recognised Professional Body.

Means any government or quasi-government financial services regulator in a Zone 1 country or such other countries as the DFSA may accept.

The status acquired by a Person who is admitted to the list of Recognised Persons pursuant to Article 37(5) of the Markets Law 2012.

Has the meaning in REC Rule 2.4 or 2.5.

The asset against which payments under a Derivative contract are calculated.

The date as at which an actuarial investigation is performed for the purposes of PIN section 7.3.

The entity against which payments under a Derivative contract are calculated.

Has the meaning given in Article 97 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

In relation to a Prospectus structured as multiple documents, the document referred to in MKT Rule 2.5.1(3)(b).

An exchange Regulator.

regulated by a Financial Services

A Person who does not hold a Licence but who is

63

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Institution

Regulation

Regulators

Regulatory Announcement Services

Regulatory Function

Regulatory Law

Regulatory Returns Auditor’s Report

REITS

Related

Related Party

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

authorised in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC to carry on any financial service by another Financial Services Regulator.

Legislation made under any DIFC law that is not administered by the DFSA.

In addition to the DFSA, regulators with recognised jurisdiction in relation to financial services, whether in the DIFC or outside of the DIFC.

A service approved by the DFSA for the purposes of making market disclosure of information pursuant to MKT Rule 4.7.1(c).

In accordance with AMI Rule 4.4.1, in relation to an Authorised Market Institution, means those functions which directly contribute to the satisfaction by the Authorised Market Licensing Institution Requirements.

of

its

The Regulatory Law 2004.

A report referred to in GEN Rule 8.6.1(b).

A Real Estate Investment Trust.

In respect of one entity, the first entity, being in the position relative to that entity of:

(a) a second entity that is a Subsidiary, Associate or

Holding Company of the first entity;

(b) a second entity that is a Subsidiary or Associate of

the Holding Company of the first entity;

(c) a director or officer of the first entity or of an entity that is related to the first entity by reason of (a) or (b) above;

(d)

the spouse or minor child of a natural person referred to in (c) above; or

(e) a company that is