ential grouping of Authorised Firms which determines the application of the Rules in PIB.

Pursuant to GEN Rule 2.18.1(1)(a), a CCP is a Person who Operates a Clearing House by becoming a Central Counterparty.

A cell created by a Protected Cell Company for the purpose of segregating and protecting cellular assets in the manner provided by the PCC Regulations.

The return described in PIN Rule A10.2.4.

Capital comprising of the proceeds of the issue of Cell Shares.

Shares created and issued by a Protected Cell Company in respect of one of its cells.

The assets of the Protected Cell Company attributable to the Company’s Cells.

Liabilities that may be settled by disposition of cellular assets.

The Central Bank of the U.A.E. or its equivalent in another country or territory.

Pursuant to GEN Rule 2.18.1(3), a Person operates as a Central Counterparty where it:

9

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Central Securities Depository

Certificate

Charge

Chief Executive (CEO)

Chinese Wall

CIR

Class

Class 1 Captive Cell

Class 2 Captive Cell

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

(a) ensures the performance of open contracts relating to Investments, made on a facility for trading Investments; and

(b) does so by interposing between counterparties to such contracts by becoming the buyer to every seller, or the seller to every buyer.

In relation to:

(a)

an Authorised Firm, the meaning given to that term under GEN Rule 2.13.1(3); and

(b)

in the case of an Authorised Market Institution, the meaning given to that term in GEN Rule 2.18.1(5).

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule A2.2.1(d).

Any Fee or charge made to a Client in connection with Investment Business, whether levied by the Authorised Firm or any other Person, including a Mark-up or Mark- down.

The individual appointed to the office of Chief Executive of the DFSA by the Board.

An arrangement described in Article 63 of the Markets Law 2012.

The Collective Investment module of the Rulebook.

In relation to a Contract of Insurance, the allocated insurance class as specified in GEN App4.

A Cell established by a Protected Cell Company to which are attributable assets and liabilities arising out of Insurance Business only in respect of risks related to arising out of the business or operations of members of a Group which together hold a majority of Cell Shares, including for this purpose only contracts of reinsurance in respect of such risks insured by the cedant.

A Cell established by a Protected Cell Company to which are attributable assets and liabilities arising out of Insurance Business, where:

(a) at least 51% of its Gross Written Premium in any year is attributable to risks related to or arising out of the business or operations of the Group which together hold a majority of the Cell Shares; and

10

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Class 3 Captive Cell

Class 1 Captive Insurer

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

(b) the remainder of its Gross Written Premium in any year is attributable to risks related to or arising out of the business or operations of persons who engage by way of business in commercial activities with the Group through related or common:

(i)

businesses;

(ii)

activities;

(iii)

trade;

(iv)

services; or

(v)

operations,

including, for this purpose only, contracts of reinsurance in respect of such risks insured by the cedant.

A Cell established by a Protected Cell Company:

(a)

to which are attributable assets and liabilities arising out of Insurance Business only in respect of risks related to or arising out of the business or operations of persons who engage in similar, related or common:

(i)

businesses;

(ii) activities;

(iii)

trade;

(iv) services; or

(v) operations;

including for this purpose only contracts of reinsurance in respect of such risks insured by the cedant; and

(b)

owned by such Persons or by a Body Corporate of which all such Persons are members.

A DIFC the conditions of its licence to effect or carry out Contracts of Insurance only in respect of risks related to or arising out of the business or operations of the Group, including for this purpose only contracts of re