 by an Authorised Firm arising out of its Large Exposures.

In relation to a Person (A), a Person which has or has at any relevant time had the following relationship to A:

(a)

a member of A’s Group;

(b)

a Controller of A;

(c)

a member of a partnership of which A is a member;

(d)

an employee or former employee of A;

(e)

if A is a company:

(i)

an officer or manager of A or of a parent of A;

(ii)

an agent of A or of a parent of A;

(f)

if A is a partnership is or has been a member, manager or agent of A; or

15

GLO/VER62/07-25

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Defined Term

Definition

(g)

if A is an unincorporated association of persons which is not a partnership, is or has been an officer, manager or agent of A.

Connected Counterparties

Has the meaning given in PIB Rule A4.11.7.

Connected Person

In relation to:

(a)

a Reporting Entity other than that of a Listed Fund, a Person referred to in MKT Rule 4.3.2; and

(b)

a Reporting Entity of a Listed Fund, a Person referred to in MKT Rule 6.6.1.

Constitution

(1)

In relation to a Fund:

(a) which is in the form of a Body Corporate, the

instrument of incorporation;

(b) which is in the form of a Trust, the trust

deed;

(c) which is in the form of a Partnership, the

partnership deed; or

(d)

adopting a form other than one specified in (a) to (c), any instrument creating the legal form of the Fund to which the Fund Manager is a party setting out provisions relating to any aspect of the operation or management of the Fund.

(2)

In relation to an Employee Money Purchase Scheme, has the meaning given in COB Rule 12.1.2.

Contingent Liability Investment A Derivative under the terms of which the Client will or may be liable to make further payments (other than Charges, and whether or not secured by margin) when the transaction falls to be completed or upon the earlier closing out of his position.

Contract of Insurance

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule A4.1.1.

Controller

(1)

In relation to an Authorised Firm, a Person who, either alone or with any Associate fulfils the criteria specified in GEN Rule 11.8.2; or

(2)

in relation to an Authorised Market Institution a Person who, either alone or with any Associate fulfils the criteria specified in AMI Rule 8.1.2.

16

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Convertible

Core Benefits Corporate Director

Corporate Governance Principles

Correspondent Account

Correspondent Bank

Correspondent Banking Client

Counterparty

Counterparty Risk

Court

Credit Default Product

Credit Derivatives

Credit Event

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

An Investment that gives an investor the right to convert the Security into another form of Security at an agreed price or on an agreed basis.

Has the meaning given in COB 12.1.2. In relation to an Investment Company that elects to have its sole Corporate Director act as its Fund Manager, the body corporate that acts or intends to act as the Fund Manager.

Principles prescribed in MKT Rules 3.2.3 – 3.2.9.

An account opened on behalf of a Correspondent Banking Client to receive deposits from, to make payments on behalf of or to otherwise handle financial Transactions for or on behalf of the Correspondent Banking Client.

A bank in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC where an Authorised Firm opens a Correspondent Account. A Client of an Authorised Firm which uses the firm’s correspondent banking services account to clear Transactions for its own customer base. Means any person with or for whom an Authorised Firm carries on, or intends to carry on, any regulated business or associated business. In this context, a counterparty includes an individual, unincorporated body, company, government, local authority or other public body.

The risk that an Authorised Firm’s Counterparty does not perform its obligations under the terms of a contract