 of hands or on a poll) for and against the resolution at a general meeting or class meeting of Unitholders, of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been duly given.

(2)

In relation to a company (that is not a Domestic Fund), a resolution passed by at least seventy five per cent (75%) of the votes of such Shareholders as (being entitled to do so) vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy, at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution has been duly given.

The risk that losses on an Authorised Firm’s net long or short position in an individual equity or Security may arise from a negative or positive price movement of that equity or Security relative the relevant market generally.

to

An Authorised Firm that repackages third party assets into a securitisation scheme. Where an directly Authorised Firm repackages non-Investment Grade third party assets, it may fall within the definition of an Originator unless it originates or repackages no more than 10% of the scheme’s total assets.

Shari’a Supervisory Board.

A Securities Settlement System.

A Person appointed by a Stabilisation Manager under PRS Rule 3.4.1 to assist him in conducting Price Stabilisation. A Person appointed by an Issuer of Shares under PRS Rule 3.2.1 to conduct Price Stabilisation.

The period of time specified in PRS Rule 1.4.1(2) during which Price Stabilisation may occur. The U.A.E.

70

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Statement by Directors

Statement of Recommended Practice (SORP)

Stored Value

Stored Value Issuer

Structured Product

Sub-Fund

Subsidiary

Summary

Supplementary Notes

Supplementary Prospectus

Suspicious Activity Report (SAR)

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

The statement described under PIN section A10.5.

The Statement of Recommended Practice as issued and amended Investment Management Association (IMA) in the United Kingdom.

from

time

to

time by

the

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.6.1(2).

A Person that issues Stored Value.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule A2.2.1(f).

A separate pool of Fund Property within an Umbrella Fund.

Has the meaning given in Schedule 1 to the Companies Law and, without limiting the generality of that definition, is taken to include, in relation to a relevant Body Corporate the Holding Company’s ultimate Subsidiary and any Subsidiary the Holding between Company’s ultimate Subsidiary.

(the Holding Company),

the Holding Company and

The document referred to in MKT Rule 2.5.2(1) or in CIR Rule 14.3.1(d).

A note which is supplementary to a Return.

An updated or replacement Prospectus produced in accordance with Article 18 of the Markets Law 2012 or Article 52 of the Collective Investment Law 2010, as applicable.

Means a report in the prescribed format regarding suspicious activity (including a suspicious transaction) made to the AMLSCU under AML Rule 13.3.1(c).

71

GLO/VER62/07-25

T Back to top

Defined Term

Takaful Insurer

Takeover

Takeover Principle

Target

Target Circular

Third Party Agent

Third Party Digital Wallet Service Provider

Third Party Service Provider

Tier 1 Capital

TKO

Token

Trade Repository

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

An Insurer, any part of whose Insurance Business consists of Takaful transactions.

has the meaning given in the Markets Law 2012.

means a takeover principle prescribed in Section 1.5 of TKO in accordance with Article 53 of the Markets Law 2012.

includes a Reporting Entity subject to a Bid made under TKO.

means a document circulated by the Governing Body of a Target in response to a Takeover as described in Section 8.2 of TKO.

In relation to a Client Account, means an Authorised Firm or Regulated Financial Institution (including a bank, custodian, an intermediate broker, a settlement agent, a clearing house, an exchange and ‘over the counter’ counterparty) that is a separate legal entity from