:

(a) any Parent incorporated in the DIFC;

(b) any Financial Institution subsidiaries (whether direct

28

GLO/VER62/07-25

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Defined Term

Definition

or indirect) of the Parent or Parents in (a) or of the Authorised Firm;

(c) any Financial Institution in which the Parent or Parents in (a), the Financial Institution subsidiaries in (b) or the Authorised Firm (whether direct or indirect) hold 20% or more of the voting rights or capital; and

(d) any entity which the DFSA directs the Authorised Firm to include in accordance with PIB Rule 8.1.2 or PIN Rule 8.1.2.

Financial Group Capital Adequacy Report Financial Group Capital Requirement

The Report referred to in PIN Rule 6.6.1.

The Capital Requirement of a Financial Group calculated in accordance with PIB Rule 8.3.3 or PIN Rule 8.3.3.

Financial Group Capital Resources

The Capital Resources of a Financial Group calculated in accordance with PIB Rule 8.3.4 or PIN 8.3.4.

Financial Institution

A regulated or unregulated entity, whose activities are primarily financial in nature.

Financial Instrument

Any contract that gives rise to both a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.

Financial Markets Tribunal

the tribunal referred to in Article 26 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

Financial Promotion

Has the meaning given in Article 41A(3) of the Regulatory Law 2004.

Financial Promotions Prohibition

Has the meaning given in Article 41A(1) of the Regulatory Law 2004.

Financial Service

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.2.1.

Financial Services Regulator A regulator of financial service activities established in a

jurisdiction other than the DIFC.

Financial Statement Auditor’s Report

A report referred to in GEN Rule 8.6.1(a).

First to Default

In relation to ‘First to Default’ baskets, the situation when the entire Credit Derivative contract terminates following the first Credit Event on any of the Reference Assets or entities.

Fixed Penalty Notice

A written notice given by the DFSA under Article 91 of the Regulatory Law.

29

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

FMT

Foreign Currency

Foreign Exchange Risk Capital Requirement

Foreign Fund

Forward Price

FSRA

Fund

Fund Administrator

Fund Auditor’s Report

Fund Manager

Fund of Funds

Fund on a Fund Platform

Fund Property

Fund Prospectus

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

Financial Markets Tribunal.

The currency of any country or territory other than the currency in which the Authorised Firm, to whom the expression relates, reports.

A component of the Market Risk Capital Requirement and as calculated in accordance with PIB section 5.6.

A Fund established or domiciled in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC.

A price calculated by reference to the valuation point next following the fund manager's agreement to sell or, as the case may be, to redeem the units in question. The Financial Services Regulatory Authority of the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(1) A Collective Investment Fund.

(2)

In relation to a Passported Fund, has the meaning given in FPR section 1.3.

An Authorised Firm which is authorised under its Licence to Provide Fund Administration or a Person who is authorised or licensed by a Financial Service Regulator to provide such administration.

A report referred to in CIR Rule 9.3.8(b).

(1) The Person, described under Article 20(4) of the is Collective responsible for the management of the property held for or within a Fund and who otherwise operates the Fund and, in relation to a Domestic Fund, is authorised under a Licence granted by the DFSA to operate the Fund.

Investment Law 2010, who

(2) In relation to a Passported Fund, the Person licensed by a Home Regulator to manage or operate the Fund.

Has the meaning given in CIR Rule 3.1.3

A Fund that is an Incorporated Cell of an Incorporated Cell Company.

The property held for or within a Fund.

Has the meaning given in MKT Rule 6.3.1(b).

30

GLO/VER62/07