 and continuously rather than in respect of each particular transaction.

The price at which the Shares are being traded on an Authorised Market Institution.

The risk of loss that arises from fluctuations in the values of, or income from, assets or in interest or exchange rates.

The requirement calculated in accordance with PIB Rule 5.3.1.

The Markets Law 2012

Rules prescribed in the Market Rules Module of the DFSA Rulebook.

(1) When an Authorised Firm receives instructions from a Client and takes a principal position in the to complete a relevant

Investment

in order

46

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Master Fund

Matched Principal

Maturity Mismatch

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

transaction, that is, when the Authorised Firm takes a principal position relevant Investment which it would not otherwise take, except to complete that transaction, the difference, if any, between:

in

the

(a)

the price at which the Authorised Firm takes a principal position relevant Investment; and

in

the

(b)

the price at which the Authorised Firm Executes the transaction with its Client; or

(2) When an Authorised Firm Executes a transaction with its Client against its own book and owes a duty of best execution, the difference between:

(a)

the price at which best execution would be achieved; and

(b)

the price at which the Authorised Firm Executes the transaction with its Client.

Has the meaning given in CIR Rule 3.1.5

In relation to an Authorised Firm which holds a Licence authorising it to carry on the Financial Service of Dealing in Investments as Principal the situation where:

(a)

it enters into transactions as a principal only for the purpose of fulfilling its Clients’ orders;

(b)

it holds positions for its own account (“positions”) only as a result of a failure to match Clients’ orders;

(c)

the total market value of the positions it holds is no more than 15% of the Authorised Firm’s Tier 1 Capital; and

(d)

the positions are incidental in nature and are strictly limited to the time reasonably required to carry out a transaction of that nature.

A difference between the maturity of an asset and the corresponding liability.

47

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Member

Minimum Capital Requirement

Minimum Cellular Capital Requirement

Minimum Fund Capital Requirement

Minimum Non-Cellular Capital Requirement

Minimum Segmental Capital Requirement

MKT

Money

Money Laundering Reporting Officer (MLRO)

Money Market Fund

Money Services

Money Services Auditor’s Report

Money Services Provider

Money Transmission

MTF

MTF Operator

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

(1) In relation to an Authorised Market Institution, a person admitted as a member of the Authorised Market Institution in accordance with its Business Rules.

(2) In

to an Employee Money Purchase Scheme, has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.30.1.

relation

The requirement calculated in accordance with PIN Rule A4.2.1.

The Minimum Segmental Capital Requirement in respect of a cell.

The requirement calculated in accordance with PIN Rule A8.2.1.

The Minimum Segmental Capital Requirement in respect of that part of a protected cell company that is not a cell.

The requirement calculated in accordance with PIN section A6.2.

The Markets module of the Rulebook.

Any form of money, including cheques and other payable orders.

(1)

For the purposes of AMI, the Key Individual function described in AMI Rule 5.3.8.

(2)

For the purposes of an Authorised Firm other than a Credit Rating Agency, the Licensed Function described in GEN Rule 7.4.8.

(3)

For all other purposes, has the meaning in AML Rule 3.2.1.

Has the meaning given in CIR Rule 3.1.11.

The services referred to in GEN Rule 2.6.1

A report referred to in GEN Rule 8.6.1(f).

A Person that Provides Money Services.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.6.1(2).

A Multilateral Trading Facility.

An Authorised Firm that is authorised under its Licence

48

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Multilateral Trading Facility

GLOSSARY (G