 meaning given

in AMI Rule 6.6.1; and

(b) Authorised Firm, has the meaning given in COB

Rule 9.6.5(3)

An Exchange Traded Fund.

The Fund Manager of an ETF. An Authorised Market Institution which is authorised under its Licence to carry on the Financial Service of Operating an Exchange.

Has the meaning given in CIR Rule 3.1.12.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule A2.5.2.

(In relation to a transaction) carry into effect or perform the transaction, whether as principal or as agent, including instructing another Person to execute the transaction.

A Transaction executed by an Authorised Firm upon the specific instructions of a Client where the Authorised Firm does not give advice of the kind prescribed under GEN Rule 2.11.1 in relation to the Transaction and where, in the case only of Units, the Authorised Firm has not Offered those particular Units to that Person.

Communications referred to in MKT Rule 2.2.1.

Has the meaning given in Article 16(4) of the Collective Investment Law 2010.

Offers prescribed in MKT Rule 2.3.1.

A Property Fund that is also an Exempt Fund.

In the case of Securities other than Units, Securities prescribed in MKT Rule 2.4.1.

In the case of Units, those prescribed in Rule 6.3.3.

A capital requirement calculated in accordance with PIB section 3.7.

26

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Exposure

External Fund

External Fund Manager

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

The maximum loss that an Authorised Firm (and, where applicable, its PSIA holders) might suffer as a result of the default or failure of a Counterparty, or a group of Closely Related Counterparties or an issuer or group of Closely Related issuers.

Has the meaning given in Article 14 of the Collective Investment Law 2010.

Has the meaning given in Article 20(5) of the Collective Investment Law 2010.

27

GLO/VER62/07-25

F

Back to top

Defined Term

Family

Family Arrangement Regulations

Family Entity

Family Structure

Family Office

Family Office Services

Fee

Feeder Fund

Fiat Crypto Token

Finance Officer

Financial Action Task Force (FATF)

Financial Free Zone

Financial Group

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

Has the meaning given to that term in the Family Arrangement Regulations.

Means the DIFC Family Arrangement Regulations 2023.

Has the meaning given to that term in the Family Arrangement Regulations.

Has the meaning given to that term in the Family Arrangement Regulations.

Has the meaning given to that term in the Family Arrangement Regulations.

Has the meaning given to that term in the Family Arrangement Regulations.

Any payment offered or made by a Client to an Authorised Firm in connection with Investment Business or with any other business of the Authorised Firm, including (where applicable) any Mark-up or Mark-down.

Has the meaning given in CIR Rule 3.1.4.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule A2.5.5.

In relation to:

(a) an Authorised Firm,

the Licensed Function

described in GEN Rule 7.4.5; and

(b) an Authorised Market Institution, the Key Individual

function described in AMI Rule 5.3.5.

An intergovernmental body responsible for developing and promoting policies to combat money laundering and terrorist financing.

a Financial Free Zone established under Federal Law No. 8 of 2004 on Financial Free Zones.

A group of entities which includes an Authorised Firm and:

(a) any Parent incorporated in the DIFC;

(b) any Financial Institution subsidiaries (whether direct

28

GLO/VER62/07-25

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Defined Term

Definition

or indirect) of the Parent or Parents in (a) or of the Authorised Firm;

(c) any Financial Institution in which the Parent or Parents in (a), the Financial Institution subsidiaries in (b) or the Authorised Firm (whether direct or indirect) hold 20% or more of the voting rights or capital; and

(d) any entity which the DF