 who has received a Notice of Administrative Censure or a Notice of Administrative Fine who objects to the imposition of the censure or fine as the case may be.

51

GLO/VER62/07-25

O Back to top

Defined Term

Offer

Offer of Crypto Tokens to the Public

Offer of Securities to the Public

Offer to the Public

Offer Period

Offer Price

Offeree

Offeror

Official List of Securities

Open-ended Fund

Operating a Clearing House

Operating a Crowdfunding Platform

Operating an Employee Money Purchase Scheme

Operating a Facility for Crypto Tokens

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

(1)

In relation to Securities other than Units, an offer of Securities falling within Article 12 of the Markets Law 2012.

(2)

In relation to Units, an offer of Units falling within Article 19 of the Collective Investment Law 2010.

Has the meaning given in Article 12 of the Markets Law 2012.

Has the meaning given in Article 12 of the Markets Law 2012.

In relation to Crypto Tokens, means an Offer of Crypto Tokens to the Public.

The period during which an Offer of Securities to the Public made pursuant to a Prospectus remains open to investors.

The price at which the Shares were offered and accepted under the offer document. In the event that an auction process was used to determine the offer price, then that price is the offer price.

A Person to whom an Offer of Securities is made.

A Person who makes an Offer of Securities.

A list of Securities maintained by accordance with the Markets Law 2012.

the DFSA

in

Has the meaning given in Article 18A(2) of the Collective Investment Law.

Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.18.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.29.1.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.30.2.

(1) In relation to an Authorised Market Institution, means carrying on either or both of the following activities:

(a) Operating a Multilateral Trading Facility on

52

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Operating a Facility for Investment Tokens

Operating a Loan Crowdfunding Platform

Operating a Property Investment Crowdfunding Platform

Operating an Alternative Trading System

Operating an Exchange

Operating an Investment Crowdfunding Platform

Operator

Option

Ordinary Resolution

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

which Crypto Tokens are traded; or

(b) Operating a Clearing House on which Crypto

Tokens are cleared.

(2) In relation to an Authorised Firm, means Operating a Multilateral Trading Facility on which Crypto Tokens are traded.

(1) In relation to an Authorised Market Institution, means carrying on one or more of the following activities:

(a) Operating an Exchange on which Investment

Tokens are traded;

(b) Operating a Clearing House on which

Investment Tokens are cleared; or

(c) Operating a Multilateral Trading Facility on

which Investment Tokens are traded. (2) In relation to an Authorised Firm, means Operating an Alternative Trading System on which Investment Tokens are traded.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rules 2.29.1(2) and (3).

Has the meaning given in GEN Rules 2.29.1(5) and (6).

Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.22.

Has the meaning given in GEN section 2.17.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rules 2.29.1(4) and (6).

Has the meaning given in COB Rule 12.1.2

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule A2.3.1(a).

In relation to a company, a resolution passed by a simple majority of such shareholders of that company as (being entitled to do so) vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy, at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution has been duly given.

53

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Organised Trading Facility

OTF

Outsourcing Agreement

Own Account Transaction

Owner’s Equity

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

Pursuant to GEN Rule 2.22.1(b), a system which brings together multiple third party buying and selling interests in Investments, in accordance with its discretionary rules, in a way that results in a contract in respect of such