 Section 1.5 of TKO in accordance with Article 53 of the Markets Law 2012.

includes a Reporting Entity subject to a Bid made under TKO.

means a document circulated by the Governing Body of a Target in response to a Takeover as described in Section 8.2 of TKO.

In relation to a Client Account, means an Authorised Firm or Regulated Financial Institution (including a bank, custodian, an intermediate broker, a settlement agent, a clearing house, an exchange and ‘over the counter’ counterparty) that is a separate legal entity from the Authorised Firm that is required under COB to establish the Client Account.

(1)

In relation to an meaning given in COB Rule 14.3.1(b); and

Investment Token, has

the

(2)

In relation to a Crypto Token, has the meaning given in COB Rule 15.4.1.

In relation to an Employee Money Purchase Scheme, has the meaning given in COB Rule 12.1.2.

Has the meaning given in PIB Rule 3.12.1.

the Takeover Rules Module of the Rulebook.

A cryptographically secured digital representation of value, rights or obligations, which may be issued, transferred and stored electronically, using DLT or other similar technology.

Pursuant to GEN Rule 2.2.13, a Trade Repository is a that Person who maintains a centralised registry maintains an electronic database containing records of Investments and over-the-counter transactions including derivatives undertaken by other Persons and Authorised Persons, Recognised Persons

in

72

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Trading Book

Transaction

Trust Administration Services

Trust Deed

Trust Law

Trust Service Provider

Trustee

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

Regulated Financial Institutions.

The positions and exposures including, on and off- balance sheet items eligible for inclusion in the Trading Book, as described in PIB section 2.2.

Any transaction undertaken by an Authorised Firm in the course of carrying on a Financial Service in or from the DIFC.

The provision of Trust Administration Services include:

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

the keeping of Accounting Records relating to an express trust accounts; the preparation of trust instruments or other documents relating to an express trust; the management and administration of assets subject to an express trust; dealing with trust assets subject to an express trust, transfer and including disposal of such assets; the distribution of trust assets subject to an express trust; and the payment of expenses or remuneration out of an express trust.

trust and

the preparation of

the

investment,

trust

A deed entered into by an Fund Manager and the Trustee to create an Investment Trust.

The Trust Law 2018.

An Authorised Firm which is authorised under its Licence it to carry on the activity of Providing Trust Services.

the The Person, described under Article 18 of Investment Trust Law 2006 who is appointed under a Trust Deed as the trustee of an Investment Trust to hold the Fund’s Property on trust for the Unitholders and to oversee the operation of the Fund and, in relation to a Domestic Fund, is authorised under its License to act as the trustee of the Fund.

73

GLO/VER62/07-25

U Back to top

Defined Term

U.A.E.

Umbrella Fund

Undertaking

Underwriting

Unit

Unitholder

Unrestricted Profit Sharing Investment Account

US GAAP

User

Utility Token

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

United Arab Emirates.

Has the meaning given in CIR Rule 3.1.10

Means:

(a) a Body Corporate or Partnership; or

(b) an unincorporated association carrying on a trade or business, with or without a view to profit.

An arrangement under which a party agrees to buy, before issue, a specified quantity of Securities in an issue of Securities on a given date at a given price, if no other party has purchased or acquired them.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule A2.2.1(e)

In relation to a Fund, means any holder of a Unit in the Fund or of any right or interest in such a Unit, and whose name is entered on the Fund’s register in relation to that Unit.

A PSIA in respect of which the investment