0 or, pursuant to Article 1(b) of that law, under Article 20 of the Collective Investment Law 2006.

21

GLO/VER62/07-25

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Defined Term

Definition

Designated Non-Financial Business or Profession (DNFBP)

Has the meaning given in AML Rule 3.2.1.

DFSA

The Dubai Financial Services Authority.

DIFCA Board

The Board of Directors of the DIFC Authority.

DIFC

The Dubai International Financial Centre.

DIFC Business Return

The return described in PIN Rule A10.2.6.

DIFC Business Risk Capital Requirement

The capital requirement calculated in accordance with PIN section A9.2.

DIFC Incorporated Insurer

An Insurer that is a Body Corporate incorporated under the Companies Law.

DIFC Registrar of Companies

The registrar of companies appointed pursuant to the Companies Law.

DIFC Scheme

Means an Employee Money Purchase Scheme that is established in the DIFC.

Digital Wallet

A software application or other tool which is used to control, safeguard or manage public and private cryptographic keys (or their equivalent) associated with Investment Tokens or Crypto Tokens.

Digital Wallet Service Provider

(1) In relation to an Investment Token, has the meaning

given in COB Rule 14.3.1(a); and

(2) In relation to a Crypto Token, has the meaning

given in COB Rule 15.4.1.

Direct Access Member

(1) In relation

to an Alternative Trading System operated by an Authorised Firm, means a Person that the Authorised Firm admits as a member under COB Rule 9.3.1(1)(e).

(2) In relation to a facility operated by an Authorised Market the Institution, means a Person Authorised Market Institution admits as a Member under AMI Rule 5.7.2(1)(d).

that

Direct Electronic Access

Has the meaning given in AMI Rule 5.7.3(3).

Direct Long-Term Insurance Long-Term Insurance that is not reinsurance

22

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Direct Long-Term Insurance Business

Director

Discretionary Portfolio Management Account

Discretionary Portfolio Management Agreement

Displaced Commercial Risk Capital Requirement (PSIACOM) Distributed Ledger Technology

Distribution Event

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

The business of Effecting Contracts of Insurance or Carrying Out Contracts of the Contracts of Insurance are contracts of Direct Long- Term Insurance

Insurance, where

(1)

In relation to an undertaking established under the DIFC Companies Law, a Person who appears on the Register of Directors maintained by the DIFC Registrar of Companies; and

(2)

In relation to all other undertakings, a Person who has been admitted to a register which has a the Register of corresponding meaning Directors or performs the function of acting in the capacity of a Director, by whatever name called.

to

An account used by an Authorised Firm to manage the investment portfolio of a Client on a discretionary basis under terms of a Discretionary Portfolio Management Agreement.

the

An agreement under which an Authorised Firm agrees with a Client to manage an investment portfolio for that in accordance with pre-agreed particular Client investment parameters in that agreement and where:

(a)

the Client’s approval of any specific Transaction the is not Transaction; and

required before undertaking

(b)

the assets of the Client are discretely held for that Client and no pooling of those assets occurs with the assets of any other Person, except purely for transactional purposes.

The requirement calculated in accordance with chapter 5 of the IFR Module.

A class of technologies that support the recording of encrypted data where the data:

(a) is held on a distributed ledger;

(b) is electronically accessible, from multiple locations,

by a network of participants; and

(c) can be updated by those participants, based on

agreed consensus, protocol or procedures.

A distribution event is:

(a)

the appointment of a

liquidator, receiver or

23

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

DLT

Domestic Firm

Domestic Fund

Dubai Law

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

administrator, or trustee in bankruptcy, over the Authorised Firm or its Nominee Company;

