’s Report

Listed Company

Public Property Fund

Public REIT

Public Sector Entities

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

(b)

the ability of the Authorised Firm to meet the applicable DFSA requirements and standards relating financial resources; or

to

the Authorised Firm’s

(c)

the fitness and propriety of the Authorised Firm to remain authorised.

Profit Sharing Investment Account.

Profit Sharing restricted basis.

Investment Account received on a

Profit Sharing Investment Account received on an unrestricted basis.

Any participation in an interview which is part of a seminar, forum, radio, television, website, newspaper, journal, magazine, or other periodical or other public speaking activity, or the writing of an article for a website, newspaper, journal, magazine or other periodical in which an Investment Analyst makes a recommendation or offers an opinion concerning an Investment.

(1) In relation to a Passported Fund, has the meaning

given in FPR section 1.3; and

(2) In any other case, has the meaning given in Article

16(1) of the Collective Investment Law 2010.

Has the meaning given in Schedule 1 to the Regulatory Law 2004.

A report referred to in MKT Rule 5.2.7(b).

Is a Public Fund which is also a Property Fund

A Public Fund that is a Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT).

Bodies owned by central or regional governments or Local Authorities which perform regulatory and other non-commercial functions.

60

GLO/VER62/07-25

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Q Back to top

Defined Term

Definition

QIF

Qualified Investor Fund.

Qualified Investor Fund

Has the meaning given in Article 16(5) of the Collective Investment Law 2010.

Qualifying Holding

Any holding in the capital of a non-financial Undertaking of which the Authorised Firm is a controller.

Quarterly Regulatory Return A quarterly return of the type specified in PIN Rule

A10.3.1.

Quiet Period

In relation to an initial public offering of securities, the period beginning on the day of publication of listing particulars or a prospectus relating to the offering of that Investment and ending 30 days after the day on which the Investment is admitted to trading.

61

GLO/VER62/07-25

GLOSSARY (GLO)

R Back to top

Defined Term

Definition

RAR

The Recovery and Resolution Module of the DFSA Rulebook.

Rated

In the case of an instrument or a counterparty, assigned the a rating by a Rating Agency counterparty credit risk associated with the instrument or counterparty.

in respect of

Rating Action

Has the meaning given to it in COB Rule 8.3.5(2).

Rating Agency

Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s, AM Best, Fitch Ratings or another agency approved in writing by the DFSA.

Rating Analyst

Has the meaning given to it in COB Rule 8.3.1(3).

Rating Subject

Has the meaning given to it in GEN Rule 2.27.1(3).

Readily Realisable Securities

A government or public Security denominated in the currency of the country of its issuer, or any other Security which is admitted to official listing on an exchange in a Zone 1 country and regularly traded on or under the rules of such an exchange.

Real Estate Investment Trust Has the meaning given in CIR Rule 3.1.8

Real Property

Land or buildings, whether freehold or leasehold, where the unexpired term of any lease exceeds 20 years.

REC

The Recognition module of the Rulebook.

Recognised Body

Has the meaning given in Article 37(3)(a)of the Markets Law 2012.

Recognised Crypto Token

A Crypto Token which:

(a)

is included on the Initial List published by the DFSA under section 3A.4; or

(b)

the DFSA has recognised under Rule 3A.3.4.

Recognised Jurisdiction

In CIR, in relation to a Foreign Fund, means a jurisdiction which has been recognised by the DFSA under Article 55 of the Collective Investment Law 2010 or, pursuant to Article 1(b) of that law, under Article 20 of the Collective Investment Law 2006.

In relation to a Crypto Token or a service or activity

62