 the Financial Service of Operating a Representative Office for which it has authorisation under its Licence.

The Licensed Function described in GEN Rule 7.4.9

Has the meaning given to that term in MKT Rule 3.4.1(2).

A PSIA in respect of which the investment account holder imposes certain restrictions as to where, how and for what purpose his funds are to be invested.

Has the meaning given in COB Rule 6.16.2.

A Client specified under COB Rule 2.3.2.

Includes both Quarterly Regulatory Returns and Annual Regulatory Returns.

The Key Individual function described in AMI Rule 5.3.7.

Legislation made by the Board under Article 23 of the Regulatory Law 2004 for the purposes of that law or any law administered by the DFSA.

The DFSA Rulebook.

66

GLO/VER62/07-25

S Back to top

Defined Term

Safe Custody Auditor’s Report

Safe Custody Crypto Token

Safe Custody Investment

Safe Custody Provisions

SCA

Schedule

Scheme

Securities Exchange Bid

Securities Note

Securities Settlement System

Security

Security Token

Segregated Account

Segregated Client

Self-Custody of Investment Tokens

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

A report referred to in GEN Rule 8.6.1(e).

Means a Client Crypto Token held or to be held for safekeeping by an Authorised Firm or Third Party Agent.

Means a Client Investment held or to be held for safekeeping by an Authorised Firm or Third Party Agent.

The provisions under COB App6.

The Securities and Commodities Authority of the UAE.

In the case of a schedule referred to in the MKT module, a schedule that forms part of that module.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.30.1.

Has the meaning given under Section 1.4 of TKO.

In relation to a Prospectus structured as multiple documents, the document referred to in MKT Rule 2.5.1(3)(c).

Pursuant to GEN Rule 2.18.1(4), a system operated by a Person which enables Investments held in accounts to be transferred and settled by book entry according to a set of predetermined multilateral rules.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule A2.1.2.

An Investment Token which is either:

(a) a Security specified in GEN Rule A2.1.1(2)(b); or

(b) an instrument specified in GEN Rule A2.1.1(2)(c) that confers that are substantially similar in nature to those conferred by a Security, or has a substantially similar purpose or effect to a Security.

rights and obligations

An account established and maintained in accordance with COB App5.

Has the meaning given in COB Rule A5.2.1(2).

Has the meaning given in COB Rule 14.3.1(c).

67

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Senior Executive Officer

Senior Manager

Service Provider

Share

Shareholder Statement

Shari’a Supervisory Board

Short Selling

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

In relation to:

(a)

an Authorised Firm, described in GEN Rule 7.4.2; and

the Licensed Function

(b)

an Authorised Market Individual function described in AMI Rule 5.3.4.

Institution,

the Key

In relation to an:

(a)

Authorised Firm, the Licensed Function described in GEN Rule 7.4.7; and

(b)

Authorised Market Institution, an individual who is responsible either alone or jointly with other individuals for the management, supervision or control of the Authorised Market Institution’s Financial Services and who is not a member of the Governing Body.

For the purpose of CIR, a Person who is delegated an activity or outsourced a function by an Fund Manager or Trustee under the terms of a Service Agreement, as described in section 8.12 of CIR but does not include an Incorporated Cell Company that is used by the Fund Manager to perform any function relating to a Fund that is an Incorporated Cell of that ICC.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule A2.2.1(a).

the Share Means a statement which describes listing, ownership profile of summarising the key classes