 outflows in the future.

time

to

time by

Has the meaning given in GEN section A2.1.

An Employee of an Authorised Firm who prepares Investment Research.

The business of:

(a) Dealing in Investments as Principal;

(b) Dealing in Investments as Agent;

(c) Arranging Deals in Investments;

(d) Managing Assets;

(e) Advising on Financial Products;

(f) Managing a Collective Investment Fund;

(g) Providing Custody;

38

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Investment Company

Investment Crowdfunding

Investment Crowdfunding Operator

Investment Crowdfunding Platform

Investment Manager

Investment Partnership

Investment Platform

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

(h) Arranging Custody;

(i) Managing a Profit Sharing Investment Account;

(j) Operating an Alternative Trading System;

(k) Acting as the Trustee of a Fund; or

(l) Arranging Credit and Advising on Credit,

but not including Crypto Business.

An open or closed ended company established for the main purpose of collective is incorporated under of the Companies Law in accordance with the Regulations made under that Law.

investment which

Has the meaning given in GEN Rules 2.29.1(4) and (6).

A Person who is authorised under a Licence to Operate an Investment Crowdfunding Platform.

An electronic platform or a facility referred to in GEN Rule 2.29.1(4) or (6).

A Person who, acting only on behalf of a Client:

(a) manages Investments or Crypto Tokens in an account or portfolio on a discretionary basis under the terms of a discretionary management agreement; or

(b) manages Investments or Crypto Tokens in an account or portfolio on a non-discretionary basis under terms of a non-discretionary management agreement.

the

A limited partnership established for the main purpose of collective investment which is formed and registered under the Limited Partnership Law in accordance with the Regulations made under that Law.

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule 2.31.1

39

GLO/VER62/07-25

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Defined Term

Definition

Investment Research

A publication which contains:

(a)

the results of research into Investments or Crypto Tokens;

(b)

analysis of factors likely to influence the future performance of Investments or Crypto Tokens; or

(c)

advice or recommendations based on results or analysis.

those

Investment Risk Reserve

Represents the amount that is appropriated out of the income of investment account holders, after allocating the Mudarib’s share, in order to meet future losses attributable to investment account holders.

Investment Token

Has the meaning given in GEN Rule A2.1.1(3).

Investment Token Fund

Has the meaning given in CIR Rule 3.1.14.

Investment Trust

An express trust created mainly for collective investment purposes under the Investment Trust Law.

Investment Undertaking

An Investment Company, Investment Partnership, or Investment Trust which is used as the investment vehicle for a Fund.

Investment-Linked Insurance Contracts of Insurance where the benefits are wholly or partly to be determined by reference to the value of, or the income from, property of any description (whether or not specified in the contracts) or by reference to fluctuations in, or in an index of, the value of property of any description (whether or not so specified).

IOSCO

The International Organisation of Securities Commissions.

IFR

The Islamic Finance Rules module of the Rulebook.

Islamic Accounting and Auditing Standards

The auditing and accounting standards issued by the Islamic Accounting and Auditing Organisation of Financial Institutions (AAOIFI).

Islamic Contract

Any contract designed to comply with Shari’a.

Islamic Exchange Traded Fund or Islamic ETF Islamic Financial Business

Has the meaning given in IFR Rule 6.13.1.

Any part of the financial business of an Authorised Person which is carried out in accordance with Shari’a.

Islamic Financial Institution An Authorised Person which has, on its Licence, an endorsement authorising it to conduct its entire financial

40

GLO/VER62/07-25

Defined Term

Islamic Fund

Islamic Securities

Islamic Window

ISPV

Issuer

J

Back to top

Defined Term

Joint Forum

K Back to top

Defined Term

Key Individual

GLOSSARY (GLO)

Definition

business in accordance with Sharia’a.

Has the meaning given in