 Data may in certain instances be difficult to define. For example, names and surnames in connection with addresses and dates of birth are Personal Data rather than Sensitive Personal Data. However, more sensitive details such as ethnicity or religion may be inferred from these details, as frequently particular surnames are associated with a certain religion or ethnicity, or possibly both.

15.2 This does not necessarily mean that in order to maintain these names on client databases you would have to comply with the requirements for processing Sensitive Personal Data. But where the data processor is processing such names due to the specific reason that they indicate a certain religion or ethnicity, e.g. to send advertising or marketing materials for items or services that are targeted specifically at persons of this particular religion or ethnicity, then this would constitute the processing of Sensitive Personal Data.

15.3 In all instances assumptions about Data Subjects should be made with caution as such assumptions

may lead to the collection of inaccurate Personal Data.

Office of Data Protection, Registration Authority

Page 13 of 15

Data Protection Guide

16. Glossary of Defined Terms8

Term

Meaning

Data:

Any information which– (a) is being processed by means of equipment operating automatically in response to instructions given for that purpose; (b) is recorded with the intention that it should be processed by means of such equipment; or (c) is recorded as part of a Relevant Filing System or with the intention that it should form part of a Relevant Filing System.

Personal Data:

Any information relating to an identified natural person or Identifiable Natural Person.

Identifiable Natural Person:

A natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.

Data Controller:

Any person in the Abu Dhabi Global Market (excluding a natural person acting in his capacity as a staff member) who alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the Processing of Personal Data.

Data Processor:

Any person (excluding a natural person acting in his capacity as a staff member) who Processes Personal Data on behalf of a Data Controller.

Data Subject:

The natural person to whom Personal Data relate.

Processing:

Any operation or set of operations which is performed upon Personal Data, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organisation, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, blocking, erasure or destruction, and "Processed", "Processes" and "Process" shall be construed accordingly.

Recipient:

Any person to whom Personal Data are disclosed, whether a Third Party or not, but does not include any person to whom disclosure is or may be made as a result of, or with a view to, a particular inquiry by or on behalf of that person made in the exercise of any power conferred by law.

Sensitive Personal Data:

Personal Data revealing or concerning (directly or indirectly) racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade‐union membership and health or sex life.

8 Section 20 of the ADGM Data Protection Regulations 2015.

Office of Data Protection, Registration Authority

Page 14 of 15

Data Protection Guide

Disclaimer

This Guide provides information on completing the annual Data Protection Register Renewal obligation. This is only a guide and should be read together with the relevant legislation, in particular, ADGM Companies Regulations 2015, ADGM Data Protection Regulations 2015 and any other relevant regulations and enabling rules. The Guide only refers to the procedures that need to be completed in relation to the Registrar. It does not cover other requirements such as obtaining relevant permits from third parties, if necessary. Further advice from a specialist professional may be required.

For more information, please contact the Office of Data Protection by:

Telephone: +971 2 333 8888

Email: Data.Protection@adgm.com

In person: 3rd floor, ADGM Building, Abu Dhabi Global Market Square, Al Maryah Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.

Published: 18 February 2020

Office of Data Protection, Registration Authority

Page 15 of 15