 person becoming a member, a statement of the particulars of the new member that are required to be included in the limited liability partnership's register of members and its register of residential addresses.

(4) Where:

(a)

a limited liability partnership gives notice of a change of a member's service address as stated in its register of members, and

(b)

the notice is not accompanied by notice of any resulting change in the particulars contained in its register of members' residential addresses,

the notice must be accompanied by a statement that no such change is required.

(5)

If a limited liability partnership fails to comply with this section, the partnership and every designated member commits a contravention of these Regulations.

(6)

But it is a defence for a designated member alleged to have committed a contravention of these Regulations under subsection (5) to prove that he took all reasonable steps for securing that this section was complied with.

(7)

A person who commits a contravention of these Regulations under subsection (5) is liable to a level 1 fine.

10.

Name to indicate status

(1)

The name of a limited liability partnership must end with:

(a)

the expression "limited liability partnership", or

2 Amended on 1 January 2025

7

(b)

the abbreviation "llp" or "LLP".

11.

Change of name3

(1)

A limited liability partnership may change its name at any time.

(2)

The name of a limited liability partnership may also be changed:

(a)

on the determination of a new name by the Registrar under section 61 of the Companies Regulations 2020 (order requiring name to be changed),

(b)

on the determination of a new name by the Court under section 62 of the Companies Regulations 2020 (appeal from the Registrar's decision),

(c)

under section 891 of the Companies Regulations 2020 (name on restoration).

12.

Notification of change of name4

(1) Where a limited liability partnership changes its name it shall deliver notice of the change

to the Registrar.

(2) Where the Registrar receives notice of a change of name it shall (unless the new name is

one by which a limited liability partnership may not be registered):

(a)

enter the new name on the register in place of the former name, and

(b)

issue a certificate of the change of name.

(3)

The certificate of change of name shall be in electronic form only, unless a request is made subject to section 12(4) below.

(4)

Any person may request that the Registrar provide it with a paper copy of any certificate of change of name, signed by the Registrar or authenticated by the Registrar's seal.

(5)

The Board may make rules requiring the payment of certain fees to the Registrar for the provision of the paper copy as described in subsection 12(4)5.

13.

Effect of change of name

A change of name by a limited liability partnership does not:

(a)

affect any of its rights or duties,

(b)

render defective any legal proceedings by or against it,

and any legal proceedings that might have been commenced or continued against it by its former name may be commenced or continued against it by its new name.

14.

Improper use of "limited liability partnership" etc.

(1)

If any person carries on a business under a name or title which includes:

(a)

the expression "limited liability partnership", or

3 Amended on 1 January 2025 4 Amended on 1 January 2025 5 Amended on 5 May 2020

8

(b)

any contraction or imitation thereof,

that person, unless a limited liability partnership, commits a contravention of these Regulations.

A person who commits a contravention of these Regulations under sub-paragraph (1) shall be liable to a fine of up to level 3.

15.

Insolvency and winding up6

Limited liability partnerships are subject to Section 260 of the Insolvency Regulations 2022 and such other rules regarding the insolvency and winding up of a limited liability partnership as the Board may make.

16.

Application of other enactments7

The Board may make rules regarding limited liability partnerships (not being provision about insolvency or winding up) by:

(a)

applying or incorporating, with such modifications as appear appropriate, any enactment relating to companies or other corporations (which may include the Companies Regulations 