 liable to a fine of up to level 3.

15.

Insolvency and winding up6

Limited liability partnerships are subject to Section 260 of the Insolvency Regulations 2022 and such other rules regarding the insolvency and winding up of a limited liability partnership as the Board may make.

16.

Application of other enactments7

The Board may make rules regarding limited liability partnerships (not being provision about insolvency or winding up) by:

(a)

applying or incorporating, with such modifications as appear appropriate, any enactment relating to companies or other corporations (which may include the Companies Regulations 2020) which would not otherwise have effect in relation to them, or

(b)

providing for any enactment relating to companies or other corporations which would otherwise have effect in relation to them not to apply to them or to apply to them with such modifications as appear appropriate.

17.

Fees payable to the Registrar8

(1)

The Board may make rules requiring the payment to the Registrar of fees in respect of:

(a)

The performance of any of the Registrar’s functions, or

(b)

Provision by the Registrar of services or facilities for purposes incidental to, or otherwise connected with, the performance of any of the Registrar’s functions.

18.

Interpretation.9

In these Regulations:

"business" includes every trade, profession and occupation,

"designated member" shall be construed in accordance with section 8,

"enactment" includes subordinate legislation (within the meaning of the Interpretation Regulations 2015),

"incorporation document" shall be construed in accordance with section 2,

"limited liability partnership" has the meaning given by section 1(2),

6 Amended on 1 January 2025 7 Amended on 1 January 2025 8 Amended on 1 January 2025 9 Amended on 1 January 2025

9

"member" shall be construed in accordance with section 4,

"modifications" includes additions and omissions, and

"name", in relation to a member of a limited liability partnership, means –

(a)

if an individual, his forename and surname (or, in the case of a person usually known by a title, his title instead of or in addition to either or both his forename and surname), and

(b)

if a body corporate, its corporate name.

19.

Short title, extent and commencement10

(1)

These Regulations may be cited as the Limited Liability Partnerships Regulations 2015.

(2)

These Regulations shall apply in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(3)

These Regulations shall come into force on the date of their publication. The Board may by rules make any transitional, transitory, consequential, saving, incidental or supplementary provision in relation to the commencement of these Regulations as the Board thinks fit.

10 Amended on 1 January 2025

10