 proposed action(s);

23

(3)

(4)

(5)

65.

(1)

(2)

66.

(1)

(d)

specify a reasonable period (which may not be less than fourteen (14) business days) within which the Warning Notice Recipient may make representations to the Registrar;

(e)

state whether section 67 applies; and

(f)

if that section applies, describe its effect and state whether any material exists to which the Warning Notice Recipient must be allowed access under it.

Following the receipt of a Warning Notice, the Warning Notice Recipient must have the amount of time specified in the Warning Notice, or such longer time as the Registrar may agree with the Warning Notice Recipient, to make representations to the Registrar in respect of the Warning Notice.

The Registrar must consider relevant materials, documentation, or information relating to the matter, and consider the representations made by the Warning Notice Recipient within the permitted time (if any), and must, within a reasonable time from the date on which the period for making representations under subsection (3) ends, take one or more of the following actions –

(a) abandon all actions proposed by the Warning Notice, in which case it will notify

the Warning Notice Recipient of that fact in writing as soon as practicable;

(b)

issue a subsequent Warning Notice, proposing different or further actions; and/or

(c)

take one or more actions specified in the Warning Notice by issuing a Decision Notice.

If the Registrar has not taken any of the above actions within the prescribed period, the Registrar will be deemed to have abandoned all actions proposed by the Warning Notice.

Decision Notices

If the Registrar decides to take an action referred to in a Warning Notice, it must provide a Decision Notice (a “Decision Notice”) to the Employer (the "Decision Notice Recipient").

A Decision Notice must –

(a) be in writing;

(b) give the reasons of the Registrar for the decision to take the action to which

the notice relates; and

(c)

give an indication of any right to refer the matter to the Court which is given by these Regulations.

Right to refer matters to the ADGM Courts

A Decision Notice Recipient may refer the matter to the Court within one (1) month of receipt of the Decision Notice, which will review the matter in accordance with the Court’s own procedures.

24

(2)

67.

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

68.

(1)

(2)

A Decision Notice that has been referred to the Court continues in effect until the matter has been resolved by the Court, unless the Court determines otherwise.

Access to Material

If the Registrar gives a person ("A") a Warning Notice notifying such recipient that it intends to impose a fine of level 6 or higher on the Standard Fines Scale, it must –

(a) allow A access to the material on which it relied in taking the decision which

gave rise to the obligation to give the notice; and

(b) allow A access to any other material which was considered or obtained by the Registrar in connection with determining and reaching its decision which, in the Registrar's opinion, might undermine that decision.

The Registrar may refuse A access to particular material which it would otherwise have to allow A access to if, in its opinion, allowing A access to the material –

(a) would not be in the public interest;

(b) would breach confidentiality requirements; or

(c) would not be fair, having regard to –

(i)

the likely significance of the material to A in relation to the matter giving rise to the Warning Notice; and

(ii)

the potential prejudice to the interests of a person other than A which would be caused by the material's disclosure.

If the Registrar refuses under subsection (2) to allow access to material, it must give A written notice of –

(a)

the refusal; and

(b)

the reasons for it.

The Registrar may refuse A access to particular material on the basis that it consists of a protected item, in which case, it must give A written notice of –

(a)

the existence of the protected item; and

(b)

the Registrar's decision not to allow A access to it.

Protected Items

A person may not be required under these Regulations to produce, disclose or permit the inspection of protected items.

"Protected items" means –

(a)

communications between a professional legal adviser and his client or any person representing his client which fall within subsection (3);

25