 youth

An Employer shall not employ a child who is under fifteen (15) years of age.

An Employer may employ youth between fifteen (15) and eighteen (18) years of age subject to rules made by the Board.

An Employer shall take all appropriate measures to ensure that conditions for the youth's employment are safe, reasonable and appropriate for their age and wellbeing.

An Employer who contravenes this section 3 shall be liable to a fine up to level 8 on the Standard Fines Scale.

Visa and permits

Where required, the Employer shall be responsible for obtaining, maintaining and paying the cost of the –

(a) Employee’s Employee Work Permit;

(b) Employee’s Employer Sponsored Residency Visa, if applicable; and

(c) Employee’s UAE identity card, if applicable.

Subject to section 11, the Employer must obtain, or must have applied for, an Employee Work Permit for the Employee before the Employee commences work for the Employer.

The Employer –

(a) must not request, demand or accept any sum from the Employee as reimbursement for costs incurred by the Employer in satisfying its obligations in subsections (1) and (2);

(b) must cancel the Employee’s Employee Work Permit and the Employee’s Employer Sponsored Residency Visa, if applicable, as soon as reasonably practicable following the Termination Date and in any event within the time frame set by the relevant Competent Authority;

(c) must not request, demand or accept any sum from the Employee as reimbursement for costs incurred by the Employer in cancelling the Employee’s Employee Work Permit and/or Employer Sponsored Residency Visa, if applicable; and

2

(4)

5.

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(d) must not make the cancellation of the Employer Sponsored Residency Visa by the Employer conditional on the Employee waiving any rights under these Regulations or making any payment to the Employer.

Without prejudice to an Employee’s right to pursue any other remedy, an Employer who contravenes this section 4 shall be liable to a fine up to level 7 on the Standard Fines Scale.

Right to a written contract

An Employee may only be employed pursuant to a written Employment Contract in English and signed by both the Employer and the Employee.

The Employer must provide the Employee with a copy of the written Employment Contract that has been signed by both the Employer and the Employee as soon as reasonably practicable but in any event no later than one (1) month after the commencement of the Employee’s employment.

The Employer must ensure that any Employee who does not have sufficient competency in the written English language understands the terms of the Employment Contract before signing it.

The Employment Contract must include as a minimum –

(a)

the names of the Employer and Employee;

(b)

the date of commencement of the Employee’s employment;

(c)

the Employee’s job title;

(d)

the Employee’s Wages;

(e)

the applicable Pay Period;

(f)

any terms and conditions relating to -

(i)

hours or days of work;

(ii)

vacation leave; and

(iii) sick leave and sick pay;

(g)

the length of notice that the Employee and the Employer are obliged to give and are entitled to receive to terminate the Employment Contract;

(h) where the Employment Contract is not intended to be for an indefinite duration,

the period for which it is expected to continue or the date when it is to end;

(i)

the Employee’s place of work or, if applicable, confirmation that the Employee is a Remote Employee;

(j)

a reference to any disciplinary rules and/or grievance procedures applicable to the Employee;

(k)

confirmation that it is governed by the laws of the ADGM; and

3

(5)

6.

(1)

7.

(1)

(2)

(3)

8.

(1)

(2)

(l)

any other matter that may be prescribed by rules made by the Board.

An Employer who contravenes this section 5 shall be liable to a fine up to level 3 on the Standard Fines Scale.

Amendments to the Employment Contract

Any amendment to an Employment Contract must be in writing and signed by both the Employer and Employee, unless such amendment is of an administrative nature only, in which case the Employer shall be required to record such amendment in writing and to give written notice thereof to the Employee prior to the amendment taking effect.

Right to a pay statement

An Employer shall make available to an Employee, on or around the date on