 the Employee proposes to begin her Maternity Leave.

An Employer shall pay Maternity Pay at –

11

(3)

(4)

(5)

34.

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

35.

(1)

(a) one hundred percent (100%) of the Employee's Daily Wage for the first thirty-

three (33) Working Days of Maternity Leave; and

(b)

fifty percent (50%) of the Employee's Daily Wage for the next thirty-two (32) Working Days of Maternity Leave.

An Employee is not entitled to receive a payment in lieu of Maternity Leave.

Any National Holidays falling on a Working Day during Maternity Leave shall be treated as additional leave thereby having the effect of extending the Maternity Leave by the period of the National Holiday.

If the Employee’s employment is terminated by the Employer under section 56(2) during Maternity Leave, the Employer must pay the Employee the Maternity Pay which she would have received had her employment continued until the end of her Maternity Leave.

Paternity Leave and Paternity pay

A male Employee, who becomes a father to –

(a) a newly

born child; or

(b) an adopted child of less than five (5) years old,

‐

shall be entitled to minimum Paternity Leave of five (5) Working Days to be taken within two (2) months of the date of childbirth or the date of adoption subject to the Employee satisfying any evidential requirements reasonably requested by the Employer.

An Employee is entitled to receive their Daily Wage during any period of Paternity Leave under subsection (1) if they have been continuously employed with their Employer for at least twelve (12) months preceding the actual week of childbirth or week of adoption.

The Employee is not entitled to receive a payment in lieu of Paternity Leave.

Any National Holidays falling on a Working Day during Paternity Leave shall be treated as additional leave thereby having the effect of extending the Paternity Leave by the period of the National Holiday.

PART 6: ANTE-NATAL CARE

Right to time off for ante-natal care and adoption proceedings

Subject to the Employee’s compliance with subsection (2), an Employee –

(a) who is pregnant or whose wife is pregnant; and

(b) has, or whose wife has, on the advice of a registered medical practitioner made

an appointment to receive ante

natal care,

is entitled to take reasonable time off during their working hours in order to attend the appointment.

‐

12

(2)

(3)

36.

(1)

37.

(1)

(2)

38.

(1)

The Employee must provide their Employer with –

(a)

reasonable advance notice of the ante-natal appointment;

(b) a medical practitioner's certificate confirming the pregnancy, if requested by

the Employer; and

(c)

appropriate evidence of the ante-natal appointment, if requested by the Employer.

An Employee who is applying to adopt a child is entitled to take reasonable time off during their working hours to attend adoption proceedings, subject to the Employee –

(a) giving the Employer reasonable notice of the adoption proceedings; and

(b)

satisfying any evidential requirements reasonably requested by the Employer.

Right to remuneration for time off under section 35

An Employee is entitled to be paid their normal Hourly Rate for any time-off taken under section 35.

PART 7: EMPLOYER'S OBLIGATIONS

General duties of Employers to their Employees

An Employer has a duty to ensure, as far as is reasonably practicable, the health, safety and welfare at work of all its Employees.

An Employer shall provide and maintain a workplace that is free of discrimination, harassment and victimisation and is safe and without risks to an Employee's health.

Health and safety duties

An Employer has a duty, as far as is reasonably practicable, to –

(a) ensure adequate systems are in place that minimize risks to health and safety, including fire hazards and the use, handling, storage and transport of dangerous articles and substances;

(b) provide information, instruction, training and supervision to Employees on health and safety hazards, in English or, if necessary, another language understood by the Employees, to prevent health and safety violations and reduce occupational hazards at work;

(c)

inform each Employee in writing at the time of recruitment of the dangers, if any, connected with the employment and of the protective measures the Employee shall be required to take;

(d