icable, to –

(a) ensure adequate systems are in place that minimize risks to health and safety, including fire hazards and the use, handling, storage and transport of dangerous articles and substances;

(b) provide information, instruction, training and supervision to Employees on health and safety hazards, in English or, if necessary, another language understood by the Employees, to prevent health and safety violations and reduce occupational hazards at work;

(c)

inform each Employee in writing at the time of recruitment of the dangers, if any, connected with the employment and of the protective measures the Employee shall be required to take;

(d) provide and maintain safe access to, and from, the Employer’s workplace

premises; and

(e) provide any other facilities or meet any other requirements as prescribed in

any rules made by the Board.

13

39.

(1)

40.

(1)

41.

(1)

42.

(1)

43.

(1)

44.

(1)

45.

(1)

46.

(1)

47.

(1)

(2)

Ventilation

An Employer shall ensure that every enclosed workplace is ventilated by a sufficient quantity of fresh or purified air.

Temperature in indoor workplaces

An Employer shall ensure that, during working hours, the temperature in all workplaces inside buildings shall be reasonable.

Lighting

An Employer shall ensure that its workplace has suitable and sufficient lighting.

Cleanliness

An Employer shall keep its workplace and its furniture, furnishings and fittings clean.

Room dimensions and space

An Employer shall ensure that every room where persons work has sufficient floor area, height and unoccupied space for purposes of health, safety and welfare.

Workstations and seating

An Employer shall ensure that workstations are suitable for Employees and the nature of the work required to be done at the workstation.

Sanitary conveniences

An Employer shall provide suitable and adequate sanitary conveniences at readily accessible places in the workplace.

Drinking water

An Employer shall provide an adequate supply of wholesome drinking water for all Employees in the workplace.

No penalties for preventing health and safety risks

An Employer shall not dismiss or otherwise penalise, directly or indirectly, any Employee for –

(a)

carrying out activities that prevent or reduce risks to health and safety in the workplace; or

(b)

taking reasonable steps to avert serious and imminent danger and for refusing to return to the place of danger until the danger no longer exists.

Where an Employer dismisses or penalises an Employee in breach of this section 47, the Employer shall be liable to compensate the Employee in such amount as the Court considers just and equitable in all the circumstances.

14

48.

(1)

(2)

(3)

49.

(1)

50.

(1)

(2)

51.

(1)

Work-related injury and illness

The Employer shall immediately obtain, at the Employer's expense if such expense is not covered by the Employee’s health insurance, adequate medical assistance for any Employee who suffers an injury as a result of an accident or illness arising out of or in the course of their employment.

Where an Employee sustains an injury as a result of an accident or illness arising out of or in the course of their employment, and the Employee can prove that such accident or illness was caused by the Employer’s negligent action or inaction, the Employer shall be liable to the Employee for damages as determined by the Court and shall be liable to a fine up to level 8 on the Standard Fines Scale.

Where an Employee dies as a result of an accident or illness arising out of or in the course of their employment, the Court may, upon application to the Court by the Employee’s estate, award the Employee’s estate compensation equal to no less than 24 months' Wages if the Court is satisfied that the Employee’s accident or illness was caused by the Employer’s negligent action or inaction.

Health insurance

An Employer is required to obtain and maintain health insurance cover for its Employees and, where applicable, the Employee’s dependents in accordance with the requirements of the relevant Competent Authority.

Liability of Employer for Employee conduct

Subject to subsection (2), an Employer may be liable for any act, attempted act, or omission of an Employee in breach of these Regulations in the course of their employment with the Employer.

An Employer will only be vicariously liable under subsection (1) –

(a) where there is a claim for loss, damages, or compensation –

(i)

if the act, attempted act