 circumstances, having regard to –

(i)

the Employer’s conduct in failing to comply with its obligations under section 54;

(ii)

any injury to feelings suffered by the Employee; and

18

55.

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(iii) any loss suffered by the Employee as a result of the Employer’s failure

to comply with its obligations,

save that such award shall be subject to a maximum of three (3) years’ Wages; and

(b) may order the Employer to take specified steps for the purpose of obviating or reducing the adverse effect of any matter to which the proceedings relate on the Employee or any other person.

PART 10: PROTECTED DISCLOSURES

Retaliation by Employer

An Employee shall not be in breach of section 52(1)(g) of these Regulations for making a Protected Disclosure.

An Employer shall not subject an Employee to any civil or contractual liability for making a Protected Disclosure. An Employer shall not enforce any contractual, civil or other remedy against an Employee for making a Protected Disclosure.

An Employer and any related party of the Employer must not retaliate, or threaten to retaliate, against an Employee because the Employee intends to make or has made a Protected Disclosure.

Retaliation includes, but is not limited to –

(a) dismissing or disciplining the Employee;

(b)

retiring the Employee, or requiring or causing the Employee to retire or resign;

(c)

refusing or omitting to offer or afford to the Employee the same terms of employment, conditions of work, fringe benefits, or opportunities for training, promotion, and transfer as are made available to other employees of the same or substantially similar qualifications, experience or skills employed in the same or substantially similar circumstances;

(d) otherwise subjecting the Employee to any action which is reasonably likely to cause detriment or disadvantage, whether due to any act or failure to act by the Employer or a related party of the Employer; or

(e) organising to do anything described in subsections (a)-(d).

Where an Employer or any related party of an Employer retaliates or threatens to retaliate against an Employee in breach of subsection (4), the Employee may apply to the Court for a declaration to that effect and the Court –

(a) may order the Employer to make an award of compensation to the Employee of such amount as the Court considers just and equitable in all the circumstances, having regard to –

(i)

the Employer’s conduct in failing to comply with its obligations under section 55;

19

56.

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(ii)

any injury to feelings suffered by the Employee; and

(iii) any loss suffered by the Employee as a result of the Employer’s failure

to comply with its obligations; and

(b) may order the Employer to take specified steps for the purpose of obviating or reducing the adverse effect of any matter to which the proceedings relate on the Employee or any other person.

PART 11: TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

Rights of Employer and Employee to minimum notice of termination

An Employer or an Employee may terminate an Employee's employment in accordance with this section.

Subject to subsections (3), (4) and (6), the written notice required to be given by an Employer or Employee to terminate an Employee's employment shall not be less than –

(a)

seven (7) calendar days if the Employee’s period of continuous employment with the Employer is less than three (3) months; or

(b)

thirty (30) calendar days if the Employee’s period of continuous employment with the Employer is three (3) months or more.

The minimum period specified in subsection (2) does not prevent an Employer and Employee from agreeing in writing to a longer notice period.

An Employer may only make a payment in lieu of all or part of an Employee’s notice period with the Employee’s written consent given by the Employee on or after notice of termination is given by either the Employee or the Employer in accordance with subsection (2).

An Employer may require an Employee not to attend work or undertake their duties during all or part of the Employee’s notice period.

Subsection (2) does not apply where –

(a) either the Employer or Employee terminates the employment for cause in

accordance with section 57;

(b)

the employment of an Employee is terminated during the Employee’s probationary period