 be entitled to bereavement leave of five (5) Working Days on the death of an Employee’s spouse, parent, child (including an adopted child) or sibling, subject to the Employee satisfying any evidential requirements reasonably requested by the Employer.

An Employee is entitled to be paid their Daily Wage during any period of bereavement leave under subsection (1).

The entitlement to bereavement leave under subsection (1) applies for each bereavement and must be utilised within one (1) month of the bereavement.

Sick leave

An Employee is entitled to sick leave not exceeding sixty (60) Working Days in aggregate in any twelve (12) month period.

An Employee who takes sick leave under this section shall personally, or have someone on their behalf, –

(a) as soon as reasonably practicable on the first Working Day of absence, notify

the Employer of their absence due to sickness; and

(b)

if required by the Employer, provide a sick certificate from a registered medical practitioner covering the entire period of absence.

An Employer who would otherwise be liable to pay sick pay to an Employee is entitled to withhold the sick pay if the Employee fails to comply with subsection (2).

Sick pay

After any probationary period, and subject to the Employee’s compliance with section 29(2), an Employer shall pay an Employee sick pay as follows –

(a) one hundred percent (100%) of the Employee’s Daily Wage for the first ten

(10) Working Days of sick leave taken in a twelve (12) month period;

(b)

fifty percent (50%) of the Employee’s Daily Wage for the next twenty (20) Working Days of sick leave taken in the same twelve (12) month period; and

10

31.

(1)

32.

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

33.

(1)

(2)

(c)

the remaining thirty (30) Working Days of sick leave taken in the same twelve (12) month period shall be unpaid.

This section 30 refers to either consecutive or non

consecutive Working Days.

National and Reserve Service

‐

Employers and Employees in the ADGM shall comply with applicable laws concerning the national and reserve service.

PART 5: PARENTAL RIGHTS

Maternity Leave

A female Employee shall be entitled to Maternity Leave of sixty-five (65) Working Days.

The maternity rights granted under sections 32 and 33 also apply to a female Employee who –

(a)

is adopting a child of less than five (5) years old inside or outside the UAE and, in such cases, references to childbirth are treated as references to the date of adoption; or

(b) gives birth to a stillborn baby or suffers a miscarriage after the start of the

twenty-fourth (24th) week of her pregnancy.

Vacation Leave shall continue to accrue during Maternity Leave and may be taken separately.

A female Employee has the right to return to work at the end of Maternity Leave granted under this section 32 to either the same role or a suitable alternative on substantially the same terms and conditions and with the same seniority rights she would have had if she had not taken Maternity Leave.

Maternity Pay

An Employee shall be entitled to Maternity Pay in accordance with subsection (2) during Maternity Leave if she –

(a) has been continuously employed with her Employer for at least twelve (12)

months preceding the expected or actual week of childbirth;

(b) notifies her Employer in writing that she is pregnant at least eight (8) weeks

before the expected week of childbirth;

(c)

provides a medical practitioner's certificate stating the expected or actual date of childbirth, if requested by the Employer; and

(d) notifies her Employer in writing at least twenty-one (21) calendar days before the date on which the Employee proposes to begin her Maternity Leave.

An Employer shall pay Maternity Pay at –

11

(3)

(4)

(5)

34.

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

35.

(1)

(a) one hundred percent (100%) of the Employee's Daily Wage for the first thirty-

three (33) Working Days of Maternity Leave; and

(b)

fifty percent (50%) of the Employee's Daily Wage for the next thirty-two (32) Working Days of Maternity Leave.

An Employee is not entitled to receive a payment in