 and (6), if an Employer fails to comply with subsection (1), the Employer shall pay a penalty to the Employee equal to the Employee’s Daily Wage for each calendar day that the Employer is in arrears of its payment obligations under subsection (1).

A penalty pursuant to subsection (3) may be waived or reduced by the Court where it considers it just and equitable to do so having regard to the conduct of the Employer and the Employee.

A penalty under subsection (3) may only be paid to an Employee if the amount due and not paid to the Employee in accordance with subsection (1) is in excess of the Employee’s Wage for one (1) week.

Any penalty under subsection (3) must not exceed the Employee’s Daily Wage for six (6) months.

A penalty under subsection (3) will only be triggered if the Employee’s Termination Date falls after these Regulations come into force.

PART 4: WORKING TIME AND LEAVE

Maximum weekly working time

An Employee’s working time shall not exceed forty-eight (48) hours in a seven (7) calendar day period, unless the Employer has first obtained the Employee’s consent in writing. An Employee may be entitled to overtime pay in respect of any hours worked in excess of the maximum weekly working time in accordance with rules or guidance issued by the Registrar.

Without prejudice to an Employee’s right to pursue any other remedy, an Employer who fails to comply with this section 15 shall be liable to a fine up to level 3 on the Standard Fines Scale.

Excessive hours

Notwithstanding any provision of this Part 4, an Employer shall not require or allow, directly or indirectly, an Employee to work hours which are detrimental to the Employee's health or safety.

7

(2)

17.

(1)

(2)

18.

(1)

19.

(1)

20.

(1)

(2)

21.

(1)

(2)

(3)

Without prejudice to an Employee’s right to pursue any other remedy, an Employer who fails to comply with this section 16 shall be liable to a fine up to level 3 on the Standard Fines Scale.

Reduced hours during Ramadan

During the Holy month of Ramadan, Muslim Employees shall have their normal working hours reduced by twenty-five percent (25%) each Working Day. There shall be no reduction in an Employee’s Wages as a result.

Without prejudice to an Employee’s right to pursue any other remedy, an Employer who fails to comply with this section 17 shall be liable to a fine up to level 3 on the Standard Fines Scale.

Daily rest

An Employee is entitled to a rest period of not less than eleven (11) consecutive hours in each twenty-four (24) hour period.

Weekly rest period

Except where otherwise provided in rules made by the Board, an Employee is entitled to an uninterrupted rest period of not less than twenty-four (24) hours in each seven (7) calendar day period.

Breaks

Where an Employee's daily working time is more than six (6) hours, the Employee is entitled to rest and prayer breaks of not less than one (1) hour in aggregate during the Working Day. The rest and prayer breaks may be spent away from the Employee's workstation.

Where on her return from Maternity Leave an Employee’s normal working hours are more than six (6) hours in a Working Day, the Employee is entitled to at least one (1) nursing break of not less than one (1) hour in aggregate during the Working Day. The nursing break shall be in addition to the rest break referred to in subsection (1) and the Employee’s entitlement shall continue for nine (9) months after the Employee’s actual date of childbirth.

Vacation Leave

An Employee is entitled to minimum paid Vacation Leave of twenty (20) Working Days in each Vacation Leave Year.

An Employee is entitled to carry forward accrued but untaken Vacation Leave into the next Vacation Leave Year for a maximum period of twelve (12) months after which any unused Vacation Leave carried forward from the previous Vacation Leave Year shall expire. The amount of accrued but untaken Vacation Leave to be carried forward may be agreed between the Employer and the Employee, provided that nothing shall prevent an Employee from carrying forward at least five (5) days of Vacation Leave in each Vacation Leave Year.

Vacation Leave is exclusive of National Holidays to which an Employee is entitled.

8

22.

(1