 has been rated or graded as at least “investment grade” by Moody’s, Fitch or Standard & Poor’s or such other international rating agency as may be recognised by the DFSA.

4.7.4

(1)

A Representative Office must ensure that it does not market a Unit of a Foreign Fund which is a Property Fund unless:

(a)

the Fund is a closed-ended structure; and

(b)

the Fund is listed and traded on an Authorised Market Institution or on an exchange regulated in a Recognised Jurisdiction, unless the Units are to be Offered, issued or sold by means only of Private Placement.

(2)

For the purposes of (1), a “Property Fund” is a Foreign Fund in respect of which 60% or more of the Fund’s assets comprise Real Property, Property Related Assets or Units in another Property Fund.

Guidance

A closed ended legal structure is an investment vehicle used by a Fund that does not continuously issue or redeem Units based on the net asset value of the Fund.

4.8 Record keeping

4.8.1 A Representative Office must, for a minimum of six years, maintain sufficient records in relation to each activity and function of the Representative Office. These must include, where applicable any marketing material (as defined under Rule 4.6.4) issued, distributed or otherwise communicated by, or on behalf of, the Representative Office.

4.9 Communication with the DFSA

Guidance

GEN sections 6.9 and 6.10 set out Rules about how a Person is to communicate with, and provide information to, the DFSA.

4.10 Restricted Speculative Investments

4.10.1 (1)

A Representative Office must not market any Restricted Speculative Investment unless:

18

REP/VER12/11-22

REPRESENTATIVE OFFICE (REP)

(a)

the Restricted Speculative Investment is offered by a related party of the Representative Office; and

(b)

the Representative Office is reasonably satisfied that the related party is subject to substantially similar requirements to the requirements applicable to an Authorised Firm offering Restricted Speculative Investments to a Retail Client in the DIFC.

(2)

In (1), “market” has the same meaning as in GEN Rule 2.26.1(2) and “related party” has the same meaning as in GEN Rule 2.26.1(3).

4.10.2 A Representative Office must not, offer or provide to a person any incentive that influences, or is reasonably likely to influence, the person to trade in Restricted Speculative Investments.

Guidance

1. A Representative Office should be able to demonstrate to the DFSA the basis upon which it was reasonably satisfied that Restricted Speculative Investments it markets are subject to substantially similar requirements to those applicable to the offer of Restricted Speculative Investments in the DIFC.

2. Market in the context of a Representative Office includes making introductions or referrals (see GEN Rule 2.26.1(2)(c)).

3. While offers, such as lower fees that are not linked to volumes of trade, or access to information services or research tools relating to RSIs, will not generally be viewed as forms of prohibited incentives, a Representative Office would need to be able to demonstrate that these were not offered in a manner that was reasonably likely to influence the client to deal in RSIs.

19

REP/VER12/11-22

5

5.1

5.1.1

5.1.2

5.2

5.2.1

5.3

5.3.1

REPRESENTATIVE OFFICE (REP)

REGULATORY PROCESSES

Notifications

A Representative Office must notify the DFSA as soon as reasonably practical of any change in its:

(a)

name;

(b)

legal status;

(c)

Controller(s); or

(d)

address.

A Representative Office must notify the DFSA as soon as reasonably practical of:

(a) any breach of a Rule or of a provision of DFSA-administered

legislation by the Representative Office; and

(b) any materially adverse information which would on reasonable grounds be considered likely to affect the fitness and propriety of the Representative Office or Principal Representative.

Lead regulation

If requested by the DFSA, a Representative Office must provide the DFSA with information that it or another member of its Group has provided to a Financial Services Regulator.

