if the marketing material is directed at a specific class or category of investor, a clear statement to that effect and that no other Person should act upon it.

(2)

If the marketing material includes standard terms of a contract of insurance or banking services, or a prospectus or other offering document, the Representative Office must ensure that such material

14

REP/VER12/11-22

REPRESENTATIVE OFFICE (REP)

contains in a prominent position, or have attached to it, a statement that clearly:

(a)

describes the foreign jurisdiction and the legislation in that jurisdiction that applies to the financial product;

(b)

states the name of the relevant Financial Services Regulator in that jurisdiction;

(c)

describes the regulatory status accorded to the financial product by that Regulator; and

(d)

includes the following warning:

“This document relates to a financial product which is not subject to any form of regulation or approval by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”).

The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any prospectus or other documents in connection with this financial product. Accordingly, the DFSA has not approved this document or any other associated documents nor taken any steps to verify the information set out in this document, and has no responsibility for it.

The financial product to which this document relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on its resale. Prospective purchasers should conduct their own due diligence on the financial product .

If you do not understand the contents of this document you should consult an authorised financial adviser”.

(3)

A Representative Office which must not distribute such marketing material if it becomes aware that the Person offering the financial product or financial service to which the material relates is in breach of a regulatory or legal requirement that applies to that Person in relation to that product or service.

Guidance

See Guidance item 9 in section 1.3 for the type of general information which a Rep Office is permitted to distribute.

4.6.6 A Representative Office must take reasonable steps to ensure that no Person communicates or otherwise uses the marketing material on behalf of the Representative Office in a manner that amounts to a breach of the requirements in this section.

Past performance and forecasts

4.6.7 A Representative Office must ensure that any marketing material containing

information or representations relating to past performance, or any future forecast based on past performance or other assumptions, which is provided to a Person is clear, fair and not misleading and contains a prominent warning that past performance is not necessarily a reliable indicator of future results.

4.7 Marketing of Foreign Funds

15

REP/VER12/11-22

REPRESENTATIVE OFFICE (REP)

4.7.1

(1)

A Representative Office must not market a Unit of a Foreign Fund unless the Fund meets the criteria either for a Designated Fund under Rule 4.7.2 or for a non-Designated Fund under Rule 4.7.3.

(2)

In this section “market” has the meaning prescribed to “marketing” under GEN Rule 2.26.1.

4.7.2 A Representative Office may market a Unit of a Foreign Fund where:

(a)

the Fund is a Designated Fund in a Recognised Jurisdiction; and

(b)

if the Fund is a Property Fund, the requirements in Rule 4.7.4 are satisfied.

Guidance

In relation to the requirements of Rules 4.7.2 and 4.7.3, in respect of Recognised Jurisdictions and Designated Funds, the DFSA has issued and published a Recognised Jurisdictions Notice on its website which sets out the list of Recognised Jurisdictions and which also specifies the Designated Funds.

4.7.3

(1)

A Representative Office may market a Unit of a Foreign Fund where:

(a)

one or more of the following apply:

(i)

the custodian of the requirements in (4) and the investment manager of the Fund meets one of the requirements in (5);

the Fund meets one of

(ii)

both investment management activities of the Fund are performed by a Person who meets the requirements in (6); or

the custody and

(iii)

the Fund has been rated in accordance with the requirement in (7);

and

(b)

if the Fund is a Property Fund, the requirements in Rule 4.7.4 are satisfied.

(2)

For the purposes of (1)(a