 addition to the above, a Rep Office may undertake certain additional activities which may not necessarily amount to ‘marketing’ of related party financial services and financial products. Examples are activities to increase the profile of its head office and be the point of contact and source of information about those parties. Similarly, a Rep Office may also report to the head office on matters such as business trends, business opportunities and developments in the DIFC markets.

4. Whether a Rep Office is acting outside the scope of its Licence is always a question of fact, which the DFSA will determine in the overall context of the activities of the Rep Office. The DFSA will take into account the indicators set out in the Guidance below when determining whether a Rep Office is acting within or outside the scope of its Licence. If a Rep Office undertakes activities which are considered outside the scope of its Licence, such activities would trigger appropriate regulatory action or could result in civil liability. How do Rep Office activities differ from ‘advising’?

5. While a Rep Office can give general information to potential customers about financial services or financial products of its related parties, it is prohibited from advising, for example conducting the Financial Service of ‘Advising on Financial Products’. A firm licensed to give advice can give advice and distribute general information about financial products and financial services whether or not such services or products are of a related party of the firm or otherwise.

6. A Rep Office must take particular care to ensure that it acts within the scope of its Licence, given the far narrower activities it can undertake by way of giving information about financial services and financial products, compared to a firm licensed to ‘Advise on Financial Products’, as highlighted below.

7. The first difference is that the information which a Rep Office can give to a potential customer is limited to ‘general information’ about financial products or financial services. A firm ‘Advising on Financial Products’ can give advice to an investor or potential investor on the merits of that Person (either as principal or agent), buying, selling, holding, subscribing for or underwriting a particular financial product. This is advice, not just giving general information.

8. Advice differs from general information because the latter does not contain any view, based on an assessment of the particular investor’s needs and circumstances, of the merits of him buying, selling, subscribing for or underwriting a particular financial product. Instead, general information contains only factual information and promotional literature (such as product features and benefits) about the financial products.

9. Generally, giving the following type of information constitutes providing general information that falls within the scope of a Rep Office Licence:

a.

the name and other details of the provider of the relevant financial product or financial service, and how that provider can be contacted;

b.

in the case of insurance, the type of risks which are covered or excluded under policies offered by the insurer;

c.

the types of benefits potentially available under Investments, and any risks associated with the relevant Investments;

d.

how fees, charges or premiums are calculated; and

e.

investment research or general market information.

10. The second difference is, that unlike firms licensed to give advice on financial products offered by any third party, a Rep Office can only give general information about financial products or financial services offered by a related party.

4

REP/VER12/11-22

REPRESENTATIVE OFFICE (REP)

How do Rep Office activities differ from ‘arranging’?

11. Many of the restrictions noted above apply in this context. A Rep Office can introduce or refer potential customers to a related party that provides financial products or financial services. In contrast, a firm licensed to conduct arranging activities i.e. Arranging Deals in Investments, Arranging Credit and Advising on Credit, Arranging Custody and Insurance Intermediation (referred to here as an ‘arranging firm’) can make such introductions or referrals to financial product or financial service providers, without such a provider having to be a related party of the arranging firm.

12. Most importantly, while a Rep Office can introduce or refer potential customers to its related party financial product or financial service provider, it cannot undertake the extra activities which an arranging firm can undertake to facilitate a potential customer to obtain a financial product or financial service. Examples of activities which a Rep Office is not permitted to undertake, (but can be undertaken by an arranging firm), include: a.

12. Most importantly, while a Rep Office can introduce or