 or the Rulebook build upon these fundamental principles. Consequently the Rules and Guidance elsewhere should not be seen as exhausting the implications of the Principles.

3.

Breaching a Principle for Representative Offices makes a Representative Office liable to disciplinary action, and may indicate that it is no longer fit and proper to carry on a Financial Service or to hold a Licence and the DFSA may consider withdrawing authorisation or the Licence on that basis.

4.

The onus will be on the DFSA to show that the Representative Office has been at fault in some way, taking into account the standard of conduct required under the Principle in question.

3.2 Principles for Representative Offices

Principle 1 - Integrity

3.2.1 A Representative Office must observe high standards of integrity and fair

dealing.

Principle 2 – Due skill, care and diligence

3.2.2

In conducting its business activities a Representative Office must act with due skill, care and diligence.

Principle 3 – Resources

3.2.3 A Representative Office must maintain and be able to demonstrate the existence of adequate resources to conduct and manage its affairs.

Principle 4 - Relations with regulators

3.2.4 A Representative Office must deal with Regulators in an open and co- operative manner and keep the DFSA promptly informed of significant events or anything else relating to the Representative Office of which the DFSA would reasonably expect to be notified.

11

REP/VER12/11-22

REPRESENTATIVE OFFICE (REP)

4

GENERAL PROVISIONS

4.1 General

4.1.1 A Representative Office must have a place of business within the

geographical boundaries of the DIFC.

4.1.2

(1)

A Representative Office must not:

(a)

share an office with another Authorised Firm, except as provided in (2);

(b)

represent anyone other than itself or a member of its Group; or

(c)

permit any staff member to be an Employee of another Authorised Person.

(2)

A Representative Office may share an office with another Authorised Firm that is a member of the same Group.

Guidance

The DFSA would not consider that an Authorised Firm is sharing an office if that firm were located in serviced offices which were also the place of business of another Authorised Firm.

4.2 Fitness and Propriety

4.2.1 A Representative Office must at all times be fit and proper to hold a Licence

4.2.2

(1)

A Representative Office must at all times have a Principal Representative who is resident in the UAE and who has satisfied the DFSA as to fitness and propriety.

(2)

If the employment of a Representative Office, the Representative Office must designate a successor as soon as possible, and in any event within 28 days.

the Principal Representative

leaves

(3)

If the DFSA considers that a Principal Representative designated under (1) or (2) is not fit and proper to fulfil the role for which he has been designated, it will give the Representative Office written notice to this effect.

(4)

On receipt of a notice under (3), a Representative Office must within 28 days designate a new Principal Representative and notify the DFSA accordingly.

4.2.3 A Representative Office must ensure, as far as reasonably practical, that its

Employees are fit and proper.

Guidance

1.

Section 2.3 of the RPP Sourcebook sets out matters which the DFSA takes into consideration when making an assessment of the kind under Rule 4.2.3.

12

REP/VER12/11-22

REPRESENTATIVE OFFICE (REP)

2.

Where a Representative Office is no longer fit and proper or where its Principal Representative is no longer fit and proper, it will be in breach of the relevant Rule and the DFSA may take steps to withdraw its Licence. Section 2.3 of the RPP Sourcebook sets out matters which the DFSA takes into consideration when assessing fitness and propriety of a Principal Representative.

4.3 Dealing with property

4.3.1

(1) A Representative Office must not hold or control money or other property belonging to another Person except to the extent that this is necessary to deal with its ordinary business operating expenses and the money or property belongs to a related party.

(2)

In (1), a “related party” has