 cumulative effect of factors which, if taken individually, may be regarded as insufficient to give reasonable cause to doubt the fitness and propriety of an applicant.

2.2.3 A Representative Office applying to change the scope of its Licence, or to have a condition or restriction varied or withdrawn, must provide the DFSA with written details of the proposed changes.

Guidance

A Representative Office applying to change the scope of its Licence should bear in mind that it may have to change its legal structure. The process will involve a fundamental review of the Representative Office by the DFSA to ascertain whether the firm meets all the relevant criteria to enable the proposed change in scope of its Licence.

2.2.4 For the purposes of Article 9 (2) of the Law Regulating Islamic Financial

Business 2004, a Representative Office will not be taken to be holding itself out as conducting Islamic Financial Business in or from the DIFC in circumstances where it:

(a)

does not represent that it provides, in or from the DIFC, any services that are in accordance with Shari’a; and

(b)

acts within the scope of its Licence, that is, does not carry on in or from than Operating a Representative Office.

the DIFC a Financial Service other

Guidance

The Law Regulating Islamic Financial Business 2004, contains a prohibition against an Authorised Firm holding itself out as conducting Islamic Financial Business without first obtaining an endorsement to its Licence. An Islamic Financial Institution may operate a Representative Office in the DIFC but it is deemed not to be conducting Islamic Financial Business through its Representative Office. This is because of the limited nature of the financial services activity it is permitted to carry on and because it does not enter into client relationships in the DIFC. Accordingly, there is no requirement to obtain an appropriate endorsement to its Licence and the IFR module does not apply.

2.3 Withdrawal of a Licence

2.3.1 A Representative Office seeking to have its Licence withdrawn must submit a

request in writing stating:

(a)

the reasons for the request;

9

REP/VER12/11-22

REPRESENTATIVE OFFICE (REP)

(b)

that it has ceased or will cease to carry on the Financial Service of Operating a Representative Office in or from the DIFC;

(c)

the date on which it ceased or will cease to carry on the Financial Service of Operating a Representative Office in or from the DIFC;

(d)

that it has satisfied, or will satisfy, all obligations owed in respect of its business under the Licence; and

(e)

that there are no other matters relating to its business under the Licence of which the DFSA would reasonably expect to be notified, or might reasonably expect to be resolved, before agreeing to the request.

Guidance

The DFSA may act on its own initiative to withdraw a Representative Office’s Licence. The circumstances in which the DFSA will do so are set out in Article 50(3).

10

REP/VER12/11-22

REPRESENTATIVE OFFICE (REP)

3

CORE PRINCIPLES

3.1 Application of Principles

3.1.1

(1)

The four Principles for Representative Offices set out in section 3.2 apply to every Representative Office in accordance with Rule 1.1.1.

Guidance

1.

Under Rule 1.1.1(2), the principles apply, unless otherwise stated, only to the Representative Office in its capacity as a branch in the DIFC and not to the institution as a whole.

2.

The Principles for Representative Offices have the status of Rules and are a general statement of fundamental regulatory requirements which apply alongside the other Rules and also in new or unforeseen situations which may not be covered elsewhere by a specific Rule. Rules in other areas of this module or the Rulebook build upon these fundamental principles. Consequently the Rules and Guidance elsewhere should not be seen as exhausting the implications of the Principles.

3.

Breaching a Principle for Representative Offices makes a Representative Office liable to disciplinary action, and may indicate that it is no longer fit and proper to carry on a Financial Service or to hold a Licence and the DFSA may consider withdrawing authorisation or the Licence on that basis.

4.

The onus will be on the DFSA to show that the Representative Office has been at fault in some way, taking into account the standard of conduct required under the Principle