 make such introductions or referrals to financial product or financial service providers, without such a provider having to be a related party of the arranging firm.

12. Most importantly, while a Rep Office can introduce or refer potential customers to its related party financial product or financial service provider, it cannot undertake the extra activities which an arranging firm can undertake to facilitate a potential customer to obtain a financial product or financial service. Examples of activities which a Rep Office is not permitted to undertake, (but can be undertaken by an arranging firm), include: a.

12. Most importantly, while a Rep Office can introduce or refer potential customers to its related party financial product or financial service provider, it cannot undertake the extra activities which an arranging firm can undertake to facilitate a potential customer to obtain a financial product or financial service. Examples of activities which a Rep Office is not permitted to undertake, (but can be undertaken by an arranging firm), include: negotiating and settling the terms of the contract between the potential customer and the financial product or service provider;

collecting and processing fees, commissions or other payments (such as premiums in the case of insurance);

c.

receiving and transmitting client orders or instructions;

d.

issuing confirmations relating to transactions;

e.

opening bank accounts for or on behalf of customers to facilitate transactions;

f.

receiving any fees or other financial benefits from the potential customer for its marketing or referral activities; and

g.

undertaking activities which can reasonably be regarded by potential customers as indicating (or implying) that they have a client relationship with the Rep Office. Examples of such activities include:

i.

having a nominated employee within the Rep Office as a key contact for a potential customer, being the point of contact for inquiries or complaints relating to the financial product or financial service offered by its related party;

ii.

having regular face-to-face meetings with the customers referred to its related parties to discuss those customers’ needs and objectives, in circumstances that would lead the potential customer to believe that the Rep Office is providing the financial service or product; and

iii.

in the case of insurance, explaining to a potential policyholder its ‘duty of disclosure’ to the insurer.

13. While the DFSA would take into account the overall circumstances in determining whether a Rep Office had acted outside the scope of its Licence, generally a Rep Office will not be regarded as carrying on ‘arranging activities’ if it:

a.

distributes the type of general information referred to in Guidance item 9 above to potential customers;

b. merely acts as a mail box for collecting and sending customer information (including KYC related information) provided by the potential customers to the financial product or financial service provider;

c.

sends account opening documents to potential customers (but does not assist in opening the account or open bank accounts in its name);

5

REP/VER12/11-22

REPRESENTATIVE OFFICE (REP)

d.

hosts seminars and other marketing events, and regularly invites potential customers to such events;

e.

introduces a Group relationship manager at a seminar or other financial promotion hosted by the Rep Office to those attending the seminar; and

f.

receives commissions from the related parties for the referral of potential customers.

Third-party products distributed by a Rep Office’s related parties

14. A Rep Office is prohibited from marketing financial products offered by a third party unrelated to it, even if such a third party has an agreement with a related party of the Rep Office to distribute/market such products. For example, if a Group member of the Rep Office is an arranger or a brokerage firm, the Rep Office cannot market any third party financial products which the related arranger or brokerage firm can distribute/market. This is because the financial product belongs to an unrelated third party, and the financial service itself of the related party, which the Rep Office can market, does not extend to the activities which the related party can carry out under its own authorisation/Licence. The Rep Office can only make introductions or referrals to the arranging or brokerage firm which is related to it. Related parties of a Rep Office located in the DIFC

15. A Rep Office is also prohibited from marketing financial services or financial products offered by a related party if that party is in the DIFC. For example, if a Rep Office has a Group member which is established in the DIFC, the Rep Office cannot undertake marketing activities relating to the financial products and financial