 the relevant Rule and the DFSA may take steps to withdraw its Licence. Section 2.3 of the RPP Sourcebook sets out matters which the DFSA takes into consideration when assessing fitness and propriety of a Principal Representative.

4.3 Dealing with property

4.3.1

(1) A Representative Office must not hold or control money or other property belonging to another Person except to the extent that this is necessary to deal with its ordinary business operating expenses and the money or property belongs to a related party.

(2)

In (1), a “related party” has the same meaning as in Gen Rule 2.26.1 (3).

Guidance

While a Representative Office is prohibited from holding money or other assets belonging to its customers, it is not prevented from being able to hold ‘money or other property’ belonging to a ‘related party’ (i.e. its head office, another branch of the head office or a Group member) to deal with its ordinary expenses.

4.4 Solvency

4.4.1 A Representative Office must notify the DFSA immediately upon becoming aware that it is unlikely to remain solvent in the near future or that it is insolvent.

Guidance

The requirement to notify is in respect of the institution of which the Representative Office forms a part.

4.5 Disclosure of regulatory status

4.5.1 A Representative Office must not:

(a)

hold itself out as able to carry on a Financial Service other than Operating a Representative Office; or

(b)

otherwise misrepresent its status expressly or by implication.

4.5.2

(1)

A Representative Office must take reasonable care to ensure that every key business document which is in connection with the Representative Office carrying on the Financial Service of Operating a Representative Office in or from the DIFC includes one of the disclosures under this Rule.

13

REP/VER12/11-22

REPRESENTATIVE OFFICE (REP)

(2)

A key business document includes letterhead whether issued by post, fax or electronic means, written promotional materials, business cards, and websites but does not include compliment slips, or text messages.

(3)

The disclosure required under (1) is:

(a)

‘Regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority as a Representative Office’; or

(b)

‘Regulated by the DFSA as a Representative Office’.

4.5.3 The DFSA logo must not be reproduced by a Representative Office without

express written permission from the DFSA and in accordance with any conditions for use.

4.6 Clear, fair and not misleading

General

4.6.1

In this section, a “financial product” has the same meaning as in GEN Rule 2.26.1(3).

4.6.2 When communicating information to a Person in relation to a financial product

or financial service, a Representative Office must take reasonable steps to ensure that the communication is clear, fair and not misleading.

4.6.3 A Representative Office must not, in any form of communication with a

Person, attempt to limit or avoid any duty or liability it may have to that Person or any other Person under the Regulatory Law, Rules or any other relevant legislation.

Marketing material

4.6.4

In this section, “marketing material” means any material communicated to a Person in the course of marketing financial services or financial products or making introductions or referrals in accordance with GEN Rule 2.26.1.

4.6.5

(1)

A Representative Office must ensure that any marketing material communicated to a Person contains the following information:

(a)

the name of the Representative Office communicating the marketing material and on whose behalf the marketing material is being communicated;

(b)

the Representative Office’s regulatory status as required under Rule 4.5.2; and

(c)

if the marketing material is directed at a specific class or category of investor, a clear statement to that effect and that no other Person should act upon it.

(2)

If the marketing material includes standard terms of a contract of insurance or banking services, or a prospectus or other offering document, the Representative Office must ensure that such material

14

REP/VER12/11-22

REPRESENTATIVE OFFICE (REP)

contains in a prominent position, or have attached to it, a statement that clearly:

(a)

describes the foreign jurisdiction and the legislation in that jurisdiction that applies to