 not extend to the activities which the related party can carry out under its own authorisation/Licence. The Rep Office can only make introductions or referrals to the arranging or brokerage firm which is related to it. Related parties of a Rep Office located in the DIFC

15. A Rep Office is also prohibited from marketing financial services or financial products offered by a related party if that party is in the DIFC. For example, if a Rep Office has a Group member which is established in the DIFC, the Rep Office cannot undertake marketing activities relating to the financial products and financial services offered by that Group member. What ‘Financial Promotions’ can a Rep Office undertake?

16. A Rep Office can only undertake financial promotions relating to financial products or financial services offered by its related parties outside the DIFC. A Rep Office is not permitted to undertake or approve ‘Financial Promotions’ relating to financial products or financial services offered by any unrelated party. A Rep Office of a non-DIFC reinsurer

17. The Guidance in items 18 to 20 focuses on clarifying issues that have arisen in reinsurance markets because the DIFC is primarily a reinsurance market. However they generally apply in the direct insurance market as well.

18. A Rep Office of a non-DIFC reinsurer will be able to provide to potential cedants information about the type of reinsurance contracts, including some general information about the standard terms, exclusions and premiums, offered by a related party reinsurer. It will also be able to refer reinsurers to its related parties where they are potential cedants. However, a Rep Office of a non-DIFC reinsurer cannot enter into any discussions about the terms of specific contracts of reinsurance, as such discussions would then become arranging or advising for the reasons discussed above.

19. While a Rep Office will be able to refer a potential cedant to a related party non-DIFC reinsurer, it will not be able to place or assist in placing contracts of reinsurance with its related party reinsurers, as such activities amount to arranging. A Rep Office will need to upgrade to an Insurance Intermediation Licence if it wishes to: a.

19. While a Rep Office will be able to refer a potential cedant to a related party non-DIFC reinsurer, it will not be able to place or assist in placing contracts of reinsurance with its related party reinsurers, as such activities amount to arranging. A Rep Office will need to upgrade to an Insurance Intermediation Licence if it wishes to: engage in detailed discussions relating to the terms of reinsurance contracts with DIFC reinsurers – which constitute ‘arranging/advising’;

assist in placing of reinsurance business with its head office or a Group member – which constitutes ‘arranging’; and

6

REP/VER12/11-22

REPRESENTATIVE OFFICE (REP)

c.

act under a binding authority issued by its head office/Group member – which constitutes ‘acting as agent’.

A Rep Office of a non-DIFC reinsurance broker

20. A Rep Office of a non-DIFC reinsurance broker will:

a.

be able to establish contact with DIFC reinsurers, but not maintain an on-going business relationship with them. For example, it cannot be the reference point for all complaints by reinsurers or cedants relating to contracts of reinsurance brokered by a related party;

b.

not be able to enter into discussions with DIFC reinsurers about the terms of specific reinsurance contracts that the reinsurer can enter into with prospective clients of a related party (i.e. potential cedants outside the DIFC) because such discussions:

i.

go beyond giving general information about the financial services offered by a related party (which is only a brokerage business). Discussions about the terms of specific contracts of insurance amount to arranging and probably advice (as a degree of tailoring to suit the particular cedant/reinsurer will be involved), and can only be undertaken by a licensed Insurance Intermediary in the DIFC, and not by a Rep Office of the non-DIFC reinsurance broker; and

ii.

go beyond a referral of a reinsurer to a related party; and

c.

not be able to ‘place’ or ‘assist’ in the placing of reinsurance business with (as opposed to making