 only a brokerage business). Discussions about the terms of specific contracts of insurance amount to arranging and probably advice (as a degree of tailoring to suit the particular cedant/reinsurer will be involved), and can only be undertaken by a licensed Insurance Intermediary in the DIFC, and not by a Rep Office of the non-DIFC reinsurance broker; and

ii.

go beyond a referral of a reinsurer to a related party; and

c.

not be able to ‘place’ or ‘assist’ in the placing of reinsurance business with (as opposed to making referrals to) reinsurers in the DIFC through a related party that is offering reinsurance brokerage services to cedants, because such activities also go beyond either or both permitted activities of a Rep Office. For placing, or assisting in that process, the DIFC entity needs an Insurance Intermediation Licence, not a Rep Office Licence.

7

REP/VER12/11-22

REPRESENTATIVE OFFICE (REP)

2

AUTHORISATION

2.1 Licence application

2.1.1 A Person, referred to in this chapter as an applicant, who intends to carry on the Financial Service of Operating a Representative Office must apply to the DFSA for a Licence by completing and submitting the appropriate form in AFN.

2.1.2

(1)

An application to Operate a Representative Office may only be made by a Person who is:

(a)

incorporated; and

(b)

regulated by a Financial Services Regulator

in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC.

(2) The DFSA will not consider an application for a Licence from an applicant who intends to operate in the DIFC as a Domestic Firm.

Guidance

Rule 2.1.2(1)(b) requires an applicant to be regulated by a Financial Services Regulator in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC. The DFSA relies on the fact that the Person is properly regulated and supervised to international standards by its home state regulator. If an applicant is merely subject to a registration or other similar process in its home state that does not provide for regulatory oversight, this will not satisfy the requirement.

2.2 Consideration and assessment of applications

2.2.1 An applicant will only be authorised to carry on the Financial Service of

Operating a Representative Office if the DFSA is satisfied that the applicant is fit and proper to hold a Licence. In making this assessment the DFSA may consider:

(a)

whether the applicant is subject to supervision by a Financial Services Regulator;

(b)

whether the applicant’s Financial Services Regulator in its home state has been made aware of the proposed application and has expressed itself as having no objection to the establishment by the applicant of a Representative Office in the DIFC; and

(c) any other relevant matters.

Guidance

Section 2.2 of the RPP Sourcebook sets out matters which the DFSA takes into consideration when making an assessment of the kind under Rule 2.2.1

2.2.2

In relation to the assessment under Rule 2.2.1:

8

REP/VER12/11-22

REPRESENTATIVE OFFICE (REP)

(a)

the applicant must demonstrate to the DFSA’s satisfaction that it is fit and proper;

(b)

the applicant must demonstrate to the DFSA’s satisfaction that its Principal Representative is fit and proper;

(c)

the DFSA will consider any matter which may harm or may have harmed the integrity or the reputation of the DFSA or DIFC;

(d)

the DFSA will consider the activities of the applicant and the associated risks, and accumulation of risks, that those activities pose to the DFSA’s objectives described under Article 8; and

(e)

the DFSA will consider the cumulative effect of factors which, if taken individually, may be regarded as insufficient to give reasonable cause to doubt the fitness and propriety of an applicant.

2.2.3 A Representative Office applying to change the scope of its Licence, or to have a condition or restriction varied or withdrawn, must provide the DFSA with written details of the proposed changes.

Guidance

A Representative Office applying to change the scope of its Licence should bear in mind that it may have to change its legal structure. The process will involve a fundamental review of the Representative Office by the DFSA to ascertain whether the firm meets