 that the person holds as a director or officer of a company;

(h)

an order that a person is prohibited from becoming or acting as a director or officer of any company;

(i)

an order that a person is prohibited from making offers of Securities or Crypto Tokens in or from the DIFC;

(j)

an order that a person is prohibited from being involved in Reporting Entities, Listed Funds, Securities or Crypto Tokens within the DIFC;

(k)

an order requiring a person to disgorge to the DFSA any amounts obtained as a result of the non-compliance with the Law or the Rules;

(l)

an order that a release, report, Prospectus, return, financial statement or any other document described in the order:

34

69.

(i)

be provided by a person described in the order,

(ii)

not be provided by a person described in the order; or

(iii)

be amended by a person to the extent that amendment is practicable;

(m)

any order that the Court thinks fit, in order to maintain the integrity of the DIFC and ensure an efficient, honest, fair and transparent market; or

(n)

an order that a person must comply with a condition of a written notice referred to in Article 9(2) in a specified way.

(2)

The Court, on the application of the DFSA, may make interim and ex parte orders specified in Article 68(1) (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (l) and (m).

(3)

An order under Article 68(1) and (2) may be subject to such terms and conditions as the Court may impose.

Deleted

35

PART 8: THE FINANCIAL MARKETS TRIBUNAL

70.

Jurisdiction of the FMT

(1)

The FMT has jurisdiction to hear and determine any regulatory proceedings in relation to:

(a)

an issue arising out of the supervision of an Authorised Market Institution other than a direction under Article 26(2);

(b)

an issue arising out of an offer of Securities or Crypto Tokens arising under this Law;

(c)

an issue arising out of a takeover, takeover offer, merger or acquisition of shares; or

(d)

any matter that may be prescribed by law or the Rules for the purpose of this Article.

(2)

At the conclusion of such proceedings, the FMT may make a finding or declaration of unacceptable circumstances or a contravention of the Law or Rules, and may make one or more of the following orders, in addition to any orders it may make under Article 30 of the Regulatory Law 2004:

(a)

an order requiring a person to comply with this Law or the Rules;

(b)

an order in relation to the control or acquisition of Investments in or relating to a Reporting Entity;

(c)

an order in relation to the rights of shareholders or minority shareholders in a Reporting Entity; or

(d)

any consequential orders as the FMT sees fit following a finding or the making of a declaration.

71.

Deleted

36

PART 9: MISCELLANEOUS

72.

Fees

The DFSA may make Rules providing for the payment of fees to the DFSA as provided for in Article 16 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

73.

Filing of material with the DFSA

The DFSA may by means of Rules:

(a)

require the filing of certain material;

(b)

prescribe the manner in which such material shall be filed;

(c)

prescribe which material, or parts of the material, shall be made available for viewing by the public during the normal business hours of the DFSA;

(d)

permit or require the use of an electronic or computer-based system for the filing, delivery or deposit of, documents or information required under or governed by the Law and Rules; and

(e)

prescribe the circumstances in which persons shall be deemed to have signed or certified documents on an electronic or computer-based system for any purpose under the Law.

37

1.

2.

SCHEDULE

INTERPRETATION

Rules of interpretation

(1)

In this Law, a reference to:

(a)

a statutory provision includes a reference to the statutory provision as amended or re-enacted from time to time;

(b)

a person includes any natural person, body corporate or body unincorporate, including a company, partnership, unincorporated association,