 relevant requirements in this Law, the Rules made for the purposes of this Law, its listing rules and any other applicable laws or requirements.

(6)

An Authorised Market Institution shall not permit trading of Securities on its facilities unless those Securities are admitted to, and not suspended from, an Official List of Securities maintained by the Authorised Market Institution or the DFSA except where otherwise prescribed in the Rules.

(7)

The DFSA may, by Rules, prescribe appropriate transitional arrangements when transferring an Official List of Securities from an Authorised Market Institution to the DFSA or from the DFSA to an Authorised Market Institution.

30. Application for an endorsement

(1)

An application for an endorsement on a Licence authorising an Authorised Market Institution to maintain an Official List of Securities may be made to the DFSA by:

(a)

the Authorised Market Institution; or

(b)

an applicant for a Licence to operate an Authorised Market Institution.

(2)

The DFSA may grant an application for an endorsement if it is satisfied that the Authorised Market Institution or applicant (as the case may be) has listing rules that meet the requirements in Article 32 and complies with any other relevant requirements that are imposed by this Law or the Rules.

(3)

The DFSA may refuse to grant an endorsement if it is not satisfied that the requirements referred to in Article 30(2) are met.

(4)

The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law apply to a decision of the DFSA under this Article to refuse to grant an endorsement.

(5)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under this Article to refuse to grant an endorsement, the Authorised Market Institution or applicant (as the case may be) may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

13

31. Suspension or withdrawal of an endorsement

(1)

The DFSA may at any time suspend or withdraw the endorsement on the Licence of an Authorised Market Institution to maintain an Official List of Securities if it appears to the DFSA that the Authorised Market Institution no longer meets the requirements referred to in Article 30 or at the request of the Authorised Market Institution.

(2)

The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law 2004 apply to a decision of the DFSA under this Article. The DFSA may also give any third party who has a direct interest in the matter an opportunity to make representations to the DFSA under those procedures if it considers it appropriate to do so.

(3)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under this Article, the Authorised Market Institution may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

32. Listing Rules Requirements

(1)

The listing rules of an Authorised Market Institution shall contain such provisions as are prescribed in the Rules.

(2)

Subject to Article 32(3), the DFSA may direct an Authorised Market Institution to:

(a)

make listing rules within a specified period; or

(b)

amend specified listing rules in the manner and within the period prescribed.

(3)

The DFSA may only direct an Authorised Market Institution in accordance with Article 32(2) if it has first requested the Authorised Market Institution to make or amend specified listing rules and the Authorised Market Institution has failed to comply with that requirement within the period specified by the DFSA in its request.

(4)

The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law 2004 apply to a decision of the DFSA under Article 32 (2).

(5)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under Article 32(2), the Authorised Market Institution may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

(6) Where the DFSA maintains an Official List of Securities, it shall, by Rules, prescribe the relevant listing rules. Such listing rules shall include requirements relating to:

(a)

procedures for admission of Securities to its Official List of Securities, including;

14

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

(g)

(h)

(i)

requirements to be met before Securities may be granted admission to an Official List of Securities; and

(ii)

agreements in connection with admitting Securities to an Official List of Securities;

enforcement of the agreements referred to in Article 32(6)(a)(ii);

procedures for suspension and delisting of Securities from an Official List of Securities;

the imposition on any person of obligations to observe specific standards of conduct or