 Law and Rules; and

(e)

prescribe the circumstances in which persons shall be deemed to have signed or certified documents on an electronic or computer-based system for any purpose under the Law.

37

1.

2.

SCHEDULE

INTERPRETATION

Rules of interpretation

(1)

In this Law, a reference to:

(a)

a statutory provision includes a reference to the statutory provision as amended or re-enacted from time to time;

(b)

a person includes any natural person, body corporate or body unincorporate, including a company, partnership, unincorporated association, government or state;

(c)

an obligation to publish or cause to be published a particular document shall, unless expressly provided otherwise in the Law, include publishing or causing to be published in printed or electronic form;

(d)

a day means, except where otherwise stated, a calendar day. If an obligation falls on a calendar day which is either a Saturday or Sunday or an official State holiday in the DIFC, the obligation shall take effect on the next calendar day which is a business day;

(e)

a calendar year shall mean a year of the Gregorian calendar;

(f)

the singular includes the plural; and

(g)

the masculine gender includes the feminine.

(2)

The headings in this Law shall not affect its interpretation.

Legislation in the DIFC

References to legislation and Guidance in this Law shall be construed in accordance with the following provisions:

(a)

Federal Law is law made by the federal government of the State;

(b)

Dubai Law is law made by the Ruler, as applicable in the Emirate of Dubai;

(c)

DIFC Law is law made by the Ruler (including, by way of example, this Law), as applicable in the DIFC;

(d)

this Law is The Markets Law 2012 made by the Ruler;

(e)

the Rules are legislation made by the DFSA for the purpose of this Law and are binding in nature;

38

3.

(f)

Guidance is indicative and non-binding and may comprise (i) guidance made and issued by the Chief Executive as notations to the Rules; and (ii) any standard or code of practice issued by the DFSA which has not been incorporated into the Rules; and

(g)

references to “legislation administered by the DFSA” are references to DIFC Law and Rules conferring functions and powers on the DFSA.

Defined Terms

In the Law, unless the context indicates otherwise, the defined terms listed below shall have the corresponding meanings:

Term

Definition

Alternative Trading System

has the meaning prescribed in the Rules made under the Regulatory Law 2004.

Authorised Firm

has the meaning given in Article 3 of Schedule 1 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

Authorised Market Institution

has the meaning given in Article 3 of Schedule 1 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

Chief Executive

has the meaning given in Article 3 of Schedule 1 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

Court

The DIFC Court as established under Dubai Law.

Crypto Token

Has the meaning prescribed in the Rules made under the Regulatory Law 2004.

DFSA

The Dubai Financial Services Authority.

DFSA Board of Directors

the governing body of the DFSA established under Chapter 2 of Part 2 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

DIFC

the Dubai International Financial Centre.

DIFC Law

has the meaning given in Article 2(c) of Schedule 1 to the Regulatory Law 2004.

Exempt Offer

has the meaning prescribed in the Rules made under this Law.

Exempt Offeror

a person specified in Article 13(2) of this Law and any person prescribed in the Rules made for the purposes of that Article.

Financial Markets Tribunal

the Financial Markets Tribunal referred to in Article 26 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

39

FMT

Investments

Law

Licence

Official List of Securities

Public Listed Company

Reporting Entity

Registered Auditor

Regulated Exchange

Ruler

Rules

Securities

Security Token

State

Takeover

the Financial Markets Tribunal.

has the meaning prescribed in the Rules made under the Regulatory Law 2004.

the Markets Law 2012.

a licence granted by the DFSA under Chapter 2 of Part 3 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

a list of Securities maintained by an Authorised