ing the Securities admission to an Official List of Securities would be detrimental to the interests of persons dealing in the relevant Securities using the facilities of an Authorised Market Institution or otherwise;

(ii)

any requirements in the listing rules as are applicable have not been or will not be complied with;

(iii)

any requirement imposed by the DFSA has not been or will not be complied with; or

(iv)

the issuer of the Securities has failed or will fail to comply with any obligations applying to it including those relating to having its Securities admitted to an Official List of Securities or listed or traded in another jurisdiction; or

(b)

it is in the interests of the DIFC to do so.

(4) Where the DFSA objects to the admission of Securities to an Official List of Securities pursuant to Article 34(1)(a), such Securities shall not be admitted by an Authorised Market Institution to its Official List of Securities.

(5) Where the DFSA imposes conditions or restrictions on the admission of Securities to an Official List of Securities pursuant to Article 34(1)(b), such Securities shall not be admitted by an Authorised Market Institution to its Official List of Securities unless there is compliance with those conditions and restrictions.

(6)

The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law 2004 apply to a decision of the DFSA under Article 34(1) or (2). The DFSA may also give the Authorised Market Institution an opportunity to make representations under the procedures in Schedule 3 if it considers it appropriate to do so.

(7)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under Article 34(1) or (2), the applicant or the Authorised Market Institution may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

17

35. Suspending and delisting Securities from an Official List of Securities

(1)

The DFSA or an Authorised Market Institution may, in accordance with its listing rules, suspend or delist Securities from its Official List of Securities with immediate effect or from such date and time as may be specified where it is satisfied that there are circumstances that warrant such action or it is in the interests of the DIFC.

(2)

The DFSA may direct an Authorised Market Institution to suspend or delist Securities from an Official List of Securities with immediate effect or from such date and time as may be specified if it is satisfied there are circumstances that warrant such action or it is in the interests of the DIFC.

(3)

The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law 2004 apply to a decision of the DFSA under this Article. The DFSA shall give both the Reporting Entity and the Authorised Market Institution an opportunity to make representations under the procedures in that Schedule.

(4)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under this Article, the Reporting Entity or the Authorised Market Institution may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

(5)

The DFSA may withdraw a direction made under Article 35(2) at any time.

(6)

Securities that are suspended from an Official List of Securities are still admitted to an Official List of Securities for the purposes of Parts 3 and 4 of this Law.

(7)

The DFSA may, by Rules, prescribe any additional requirements or procedures relating to the delisting or suspension of Securities from or restoration of Securities to an Official List of Securities.

36.

Deleted

CHAPTER 3 – RECOGNITION

37.

Recognised Status

(1)

The DFSA shall, by Rules, permit an Authorised Market Institution to admit as a member a recognised member.

(2)

A person which operates an exchange, clearing house or alternative trading system from a place of business outside the DIFC (the “operator”) shall not provide direct access to its facilities to persons in the DIFC unless such operator is admitted to the list of recognised persons maintained by the DFSA pursuant to Article 37(4).

(3)

For the purposes of this Law:

(a)

“recognised body” means a person which operates an exchange, clearing house or alternative trading system in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC which has been admitted to, and appears on, the list of recognised bodies maintained by the DFSA pursuant to this Article;

18

(b)

“recognised member” means a person located in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC which has been admitted to, and appears