 a company, you will be served a disqualification order. The minimum period of disqualification is two years, and the maximum period is 15 years.

Summary of the steps to commence a CVL

4.8

The following is a summary of the steps to commence a CVL.

Prepare a Statement of Affairs

The Directors must prepare a Statement of Affairs

Call a general meeting

Members must pass a resolution for voluntary winding up

Call a meeting of creditors

Directors to lay the Statement of Affairs before the creditors

The liquidator shall be nominated by the creditors (if they do not do so, then the Company may).

Appoint a liquidator

The liquidator must be an ADGM licensed insolvency practitioner.

Advertise the resolution in ADGM

The Company must publish an advertisement in an English and Arabic language newspaper with a wide circulation, including ADGM and Abu Dhabi, UAE

VER1.0-12082020

Page 9 of 12

Voluntary Liquidation Guidance

Part 5 – Liquidators

Role of the liquidator

5.1

The liquidator is appointed to wind up the company’s affairs. The liquidator does this by calling in and using the company’s assets to pay off creditors and distribute the remainder to shareholders.

5.2

The liquidation involves the following:

a) ensuring all Company contracts (including employee contracts) are completed,

transferred or otherwise ended;

b) ceasing the Company’s business;

c) settling any legal disputes;

d) selling any assets;

e) collecting money owed to the Company;

f) distributing any funds to creditors;

g)

repaying share capital to shareholders; and

h) dissolving the company and removing it from the register.

5.3

On the appointment of a liquidator, ordinarily all the powers of the Directors cease. The liquidator will take control of the company’s affairs and the directors no longer have control of the company or anything it owns and cannot act for or on behalf of the company.

Notice of a liquidator’s appointment

5.4 Within seven days of being appointed, a liquidator must:

a) publish a notice of their appointment in the ADGM, and

b) deliver to the Registrar for registration, a notice of their appointment.

Publishing a notice of appointment in the ADGM

To satisfy the requirement to publish a notice in the ADGM, the Registrar expects liquidators to publish an advertisement in both an English and an Arabic language newspaper, each with a wide circulation that includes the ADGM and the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, UAE.

The advertisement should be published for three consecutive days noting that creditors have 21 days to bring forward any claims against the company.

What the liquidator must send to the Registrar

5.5

Once a Company’s affairs are fully wound up, the liquidator must send a copy of the account of the winding up and a return of meetings held with the Company and creditors, to the Registrar within seven days after completion of the meetings.

VER1.0-12082020

Page 10 of 12

Voluntary Liquidation Guidance

5.6

Where the liquidation continues for more than one year, the liquidator must also send a progress report to the Registrar every 12 months, until the liquidator ceases to act. The progress report must cover the period of 12 months starting with the date the liquidator is appointed and each subsequent period of 12 months.

What happens when the company’s affairs are fully wound up

5.7

When a Company’s affairs are fully wound up, the liquidator must send a copy of the final account and return to the Registrar.

5.8

Unless the Court makes an order deferring the dissolution of the Company, it is dissolved on the expiration of three months from the date of dispatch of the final account and return.

Court’s power to control proceedings

5.9

On the application of a liquidator, the Court may make an order staying winding up proceedings. The liquidator may make such an application for a number of reasons such as to provide more time to administer the affairs of the Company or if misconduct has been identified that requires further investigation.

VER1.0-12082020

Page 11 of 12

Voluntary Liquidation Guidance

Disclaimer

This guidance is a non-binding indicative guide and should be read together with the relevant legislation, in particular the