olvency proceedings are formal measures taken to deal with Company debt. There are a number of different types of Company insolvency proceedings available under ADGM’s legal framework. It is important to note that not all companies involved in insolvency proceedings are insolvent.

ADGM Companies can be dissolved without insolvency proceedings

1.9

ADGM’s CR 2020 provides an alternative Company dissolution process called voluntary strike off, as well as a power for the Registrar to strike Companies off the register. Both of these processes are outlined as follows.

Voluntary Strike Off

1.10

Voluntary strike off is the process of dissolving a Company at the Company’s request, pursuant to CR 2020. There are two methods of voluntary strike off available under CR 2020:

VER1.0-12082020

Page 3 of 12

Voluntary Liquidation Guidance

a) voluntary strike off by company with notice to members - this is informally referred to

as an “ordinary” strike off, or

b) voluntary strike off by company supported by a prescribed statement - this is

informally referred to as a “simplified” strike off.

1.11

There are various eligibility requirements that must be satisfied for a Company to apply for either type of voluntary strike off. For example, in the three months prior to making an application, a Company must not have traded or carried on business.

1.12 Where a satisfactory application is submitted to the Registrar, the Registrar will issue a public notice of the Company’s intention to be struck off. If the Registrar does not receive any claims against the company at the end of the public notice period, the Company’s name is struck off the register and the Company is dissolved.

1.13

A liquidator or insolvency practitioner is not required to complete this process. However, voluntary strike off is not an alternative to formal insolvency proceedings.

Further Information

After reading this guidance, if you require further information or clarification on voluntary liquidation, please email the ADGM Registration Authority at: ra@adgm.com

VER1.0-12082020

Page 4 of 12

Voluntary Liquidation Guidance

Part 2 - Voluntary Liquidation

Liquidation

2.1

The liquidation or ‘winding up’ process ends the life of a Company and ensures that its property is administered for the benefit of creditors and members. When the liquidation process is completed, the Company is dissolved and removed from the register.

2.2

During the liquidation process, a Company’s assets are used to pay off its debts, liabilities and winding up expenses. Any remaining value is distributed to the shareholders.

Types of Voluntary Liquidation

2.3

The IR 2015 provides two types of voluntary liquidations of Companies. The table below lists each type and the circumstances in which each type may be appropriate.

No. Liquidation Type

Circumstances

Members’ Voluntary Liquidation

Where the members want to close a Company and has sufficient assets to pay its debts within 12 months.

Creditors’ Voluntary Liquidation

When a Company is unable to pay its debts.

2.4

A solvent Company whose directors have decided to stop trading, may apply for a Members’ Voluntary Liquidation (“MVL”). Alternatively, if the Company has ceased trading for a period exceeding three months and otherwise qualifies, they may apply for voluntary strike off, as provided for in the CR 2020.

2.5

For an insolvent company, the directors can propose to the members that the Company be wound up through a Creditors’ Voluntary Liquidation (“CVL”).

2.6

Creditors can also apply to wind-up an insolvent Company via a compulsory winding-up by the ADGM Courts. Compulsory winding-up is not covered in this guidance.

Note: if a Company has already been dissolved, it will need to be restored to the register before applying for liquidation. Please refer to the CR 2020 for the requirements on company restoration.

How a liquidation is managed

2.7

Liquidation is overseen by a liquidator (insolvency practitioner). All liquidators appointed to a voluntary liquidation must be licensed as an insolvency practitioner under the CLR 2015 and registered on the register of Insolvency Practitioners under IR 2015.

2.8

For an MVL, the