.

Conversion of MVL to CVL

3.8

During an MVL, if the liquidator decides that the company will not be able to pay its debts in full within the period stated in the directors’ declaration of solvency, the liquidation becomes a CVL (see Part 5 of the guidance for more information).

3.9

Where the liquidator takes that decision, the liquidator must call a meeting of the creditors, notice of which shall not be less than seven days. The liquidator must prepare a Statement of Affairs of the Company and provide it to the creditors at the meeting. The liquidation becomes a CVL from the date of that meeting.

Summary of the steps to commence an MVL

3.10 The following is a summary of the steps to commence an MVL.

Make a Declaration of Solvency

Signed by the Directors (or a majority of them)

Call a general meeting

Within 5 weeks of the Declaration of Solvency and the members must pass a resolution for winding up

Appoint a liquidator

At the general meeting. The liquidator must be an ADGM licensed insolvency practitioner

Advertise the resolution in ADGM

The Company must publish an advertisement in an English and Arabic language newspaper with a wide circulation, including the ADGM and Abu Dhabi, UAE

VER1.0-12082020

Page 7 of 12

Voluntary Liquidation Guidance

Part 4 – Creditors’ Voluntary Liquidation (CVL)

When a CVL is applicable

4.1

When a Company cannot pay all of its debts within 12 months or at all (i.e. it is insolvent), it may choose to proceed in a number of ways, include going into a CVL.

Statement of Company’s Affairs

4.2

Where it is proposed to wind up a Company via an MVL, the Directors of the Company must prepare a Statement of Affairs of the Company and provide the Statement to the Company’s creditors.

4.3

The Statement of Affairs must:

a) give the particulars of the Company’s property, debts and liabilities;

b) give the names and addresses of the Company’s creditors;

c) specify the security held by each creditor;

d) give the date on which each security was granted; and

e) contain such other information as may be prescribed.

Notice of voluntary liquidation

4.4

When the members have passed a resolution for voluntary winding up, the Company must publish a notice of the resolution in the ADGM within seven days.

Publishing a notice of voluntary winding up in the ADGM

To satisfy the requirement to publish a notice in the ADGM, the Registrar expects Company’s to publish an advertisement in both an English and an Arabic language newspaper, each with a wide circulation that includes the ADGM and the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, UAE.

The advertisement should be published for three consecutive days.

Status of Company once liquidation commences

4.5

From the commencement of the liquidation, a Company must cease to carry on business, except where required for its beneficial winding up.

Role of Directors once liquidation commences

4.6

Once a liquidator is appointed the Company’s director(s) no longer have control of the company or anything that it owns and cannot act on behalf of the Company.

Disqualification of unfit Directors

4.7

Pursuant to the CR 2020, the Registrar has a duty to disqualify unfit directors of insolvent companies. If you were the director of a Company in a CVL and the Registrar is satisfied that your conduct, as a director of the Company, makes you unfit to be concerned in the

VER1.0-12082020

Page 8 of 12

Voluntary Liquidation Guidance

management of a company, you will be served a disqualification order. The minimum period of disqualification is two years, and the maximum period is 15 years.

Summary of the steps to commence a CVL

4.8

The following is a summary of the steps to commence a CVL.

Prepare a Statement of Affairs

The Directors must prepare a Statement of Affairs

Call a general meeting

Members must pass a resolution for voluntary winding up

Call a meeting of creditors

Directors to lay the Statement of Affairs before the creditors

The liquidator shall be nominated by the creditors (if they do