.2, the Fund Manager must ensure the transaction is on normal commercial terms, is subject to Unitholder approval if it represents 5% or more of the net asset value of the Fund and is disclosed to Unitholders.

13.4.17 Deleted

Valuation function

13.4.18

(1)

The Fund Manager of a Property Fund must, subject to the approval of the Trustee, appoint a Person who is able to provide professional valuation services in accordance with the Rules in this section.

(2)

The Fund Manager must ensure that the Person appointed under (1) values each Real Property prior to its acquisition and disposal.

(3)

The Fund Manager must commission the Person referred to in (1) to produce a valuation report of the Property Fund each year in accordance with Rule 13.4.22. The net asset value of the Fund following this valuation must be reported in the annual report of the Fund.

13.4.19

For the purpose of Rule 13.4.18, a Fund Manager must appoint a Person:

(a)

who carries on the business of valuing Real Property;

(b)

who is not Related to the Fund Manager; and

(c)

whom the Fund Manager, and if appointed the Trustee, have reasonable grounds to believe would be capable of providing objective valuation of Real Property.

Guidance

1.

The term “Related” has the meaning given to it in the GLO module.

103

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

2.

A Fund Manager, and where appointed the Trustee, in forming the opinion required under Rule 13.4.19(c), should be satisfied that the Person to be engaged for providing valuation of Real Property meets if not all, at least most of the following criteria:

a.

the Person is a, or has key personnel who are, fellow or associate members of a recognised professional body of surveyors or property valuers and who are qualified to perform property valuations;

b.

the Person has or has access within the organisation to the relevant expertise, that is, knowledge of and experience in the valuation of property of the relevant kind in the relevant area where the property is situated;

c.

the Person has robust internal controls and checks and balances to ensure the integrity of valuation reports and that these reports are properly and professionally prepared in accordance with international best practice;

d.

the Person has adequate professional insurance to cover its usual risks;

e.

the Person does not have ownership or other commercial links with any other Persons providing Financial Services to the Fund (such as investment advisers or investment managers appointed to the Fund), which would impair that Person’s ability to provide independent and objective valuation services to the Fund; and

f.

the Person or any of his associates has not been instrumental in relation to the finding of the Real Property for the Fund.

13.4.20

(1)

A Fund Manager must ensure that any valuation by the Person appointed to provide valuation services to the Fund is carried out on the basis of an ‘open market value’ as defined in the Constitution and the most recent Prospectus of the Fund.

(2)

The valuation report under (1) must confirm that if the Real Property was acquired for the Property Fund it could be disposed of at that valuation within a reasonable period.

13.4.21

The Fund Manager must ensure that the property is acquired within a reasonable time from the date of the valuation report and in any event not later than six months from the date of valuation and at a price no more than 5% above the valuation price.

Guidance

The DFSA would expect the Fund Manager to define ‘open market value’ to be based on an authoritative text such as the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors’ Appraisal and Valuation Standards (fifth edition) (“Red Book”); or similar practitioners text used by surveyors; or International Valuation Standards issued from time to time by the International Valuation Standards Committee

Valuation Report

13.4.22 A Fund Manager must ensure that any valuation report prepared by the Person

appointed:

(a)

includes all material details in relation to the basis of valuation and the assumptions used;

104

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(b)

describes and explains the valuation methodologies adopted;

(c)

outlines the overall structure