 (CIR)

(c)

the ICC, which is the Fund Platform, contains the infrastructure needed by the Fund Manager for managing the Fund; and

(d)

the Fund Manager is:

(i)

responsible for the sound and prudent operation of the Fund Platform; and

(ii)

liable for any acts or omissions of the Fund Platform in respect of the Fund.

Prospectus of a Venture Capital Fund

14.4.11 A Fund Manager of a Venture Capital Fund must ensure that the Fund’s Prospectus includes a prominent risk warning disclosing that the small to medium size businesses in which the Fund invests are highly illiquid investments, are likely to need to be held for a considerable period by the Fund, and also are likely to have a high rate of failure as they are usually new businesses.

Guidance

1. An Information Memorandum issued by a Fund Manager of a Venture Capital Fund is a

Prospectus (see Article 50(3)(a) of the Law).

2. The obligation under Article 52(2) of the Law for a Prospectus to include “all the information which an investor would reasonably require and expect to find in a prospectus to make an informed decision to become a member of the Fund” will, among other things, require disclosure of any inherent risks in the proposed investment strategy and the types of investments proposed. If the proposed investment strategy or the types of investment instruments of the Fund are complex, we expect the Prospectus to alert potential investors for the need to seek professional advice. Prospectus sets out clearly any legal requirements that ordinarily apply to Fund Managers and their Funds, but which are, by DFSA Rules, disapplied to the Fund Manager in relation to the Venture Capital Fund.

2. The obligation under Article 52(2) of the Law for a Prospectus to include “all the information which an investor would reasonably require and expect to find in a prospectus to make an informed decision to become a member of the Fund” will, among other things, require disclosure of any inherent risks in the proposed investment strategy and the types of investments proposed. If the proposed investment strategy or the types of investment instruments of the Fund are complex, we expect the Prospectus to alert potential investors for the need to seek professional advice. Prospectus sets out clearly any legal requirements that ordinarily apply to Fund Managers and their Funds, but which are, by DFSA Rules, disapplied to the Fund Manager in relation to the Venture Capital Fund.

(2) A Fund Manager is not required under (1) to disclose that a requirement is disapplied if it voluntarily complies in full with the disapplied provision.

Guidance

Examples of legal requirements that do not apply in relation to a Venture Capital Fund and therefore should be clearly set out in the Prospectus under Rule 14.4.12 include not having to appoint an Eligible Custodian, not having an internal audit function and not having a Finance Officer.

Prospectus of a Credit Fund

14.4.13 A Fund Manager of a Credit Fund must ensure that the Fund’s Prospectus

includes:

(a)

a prominent risk warning disclosing the information referred to in Rule 13.12.13;

138

CIR/VER38/08-24

14.5

14.5.1

14.5.2

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(b)

information on the specific lending strategy of the Fund;

(c)

information about the extent to which the Fund intends to be concentrated with respect to individual entities, geographic locations and sectors and risks arising from any proposed concentrations;

(d)

its risk diversification strategy as required under Rule 13.12.9; and

(e)

whether borrowing by the Fund is permitted and, if so, the limitations on borrowing including those set out in Rule 13.12.11.

Obligation relating to making a Prospectus available

(1)

A Fund Manager of a Domestic Fund must make the Fund’s most recent Prospectus available free of charge to any Unitholder and to any Person who is eligible to invest in the Fund when making an Offer to issue or sell a Unit of the Fund to such a Person, and, in any case, must not enter into a Transaction relating to the issue or sale of a Unit of the Fund with a Person unless that Transaction results from an Excluded Offer as defined in section 4.1 of this module.

(2