 in this chapter to:

(a)

a “Fund Manager” or “Trustee” includes a reference to a Person proposing to be the Fund Manager or Trustee of a Domestic Fund;

(b)

a “Fund” includes a reference to a Fund registered or seeking to be registered as a Public Fund; and

(c)

a reference to a “Person providing the oversight function” includes a reference to an individual or a body corporate appointed or to be appointed as a Person providing oversight function for a Fund.

10.2

Registration of Public Funds

The application for registration

10.2.1

(1)

An application pursuant to Article 28 of the Law for the registration of a Public Fund must be made to the DFSA by the Body Corporate which is to be the Fund Manager of a Domestic Fund. If the Fund is an Investment Trust, then the Trustee and Fund Manager must jointly apply.

68

CIR/VER38/08-24

10.2.2

10.2.3

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(2)

The Fund Manager and, if applicable, the Trustee must complete and submit the appropriate form or forms in AFN.

(3)

In addition to the requirements of Article 28(4) of the Law, the application must be accompanied by certification by the Fund’s legal advisers to the effect that:

(a)

the Constitution of the Fund complies with the requirements prescribed under the Law and under these Rules;

(b)

the Prospectus complies with the requirements prescribed under the Law and under these Rules; and

(c)

if the Fund is managed by an External Fund Manager, the requirements in section 6.1 are met.

In assessing an application for registration, the DFSA may:

(a)

make any enquiries which it considers appropriate, including enquiries independent of the Fund Manager and Trustee; or

(b)

require the Fund Manager or Trustee to provide further information.

Requirements for registration

Subject to the provisions of these Rules, a Fund will only be registered by the DFSA if it satisfies the following conditions:

(a)

the Fund has one of the permitted forms for Domestic Funds under Article 26(1) of the Law;

(b)

the registration or other legal formalities relating to the formation of the Fund as referred to in (a) are completed;

(c)

the Fund has appointed to it a Fund Manager which is:

(i)

authorised by the DFSA under its Licence to carry on the Financial Service of Managing a Collective Investment Fund; or

(ii)

an External Fund Manager as defined in Article 20(5) of the Law;

(d)

the Fund, if it is an Investment Trust, has a Trustee which meets the requirements in the Investment Trust Law 2006;

(e)

the Fund Manager has made satisfactory arrangements in relation to the oversight function of the Fund and the delegation of the activity of Providing Custody as required under the Law and this module;

(f)

the Fund Manager has appointed an Auditor of the Fund who complies with the requirements in section 9.3; and

(g)

the name of the Fund is not undesirable or misleading and its purpose is reasonably capable of being successfully carried into effect.

69

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

Guidance

1.

Article 26(1) of the Law requires every Domestic Fund to have the form of an Investment Company, Investment Partnership or Investment Trust. An Investment Company can also take the form of a Protected Cell Company (PCC).

2.

In the case of an Investment Company (including a PCC) or Investment Partnership, the legal formalities relating to formation of the Fund involves registration by the Company Registrar of the Investment Company or Investment Partnership which is to be the Fund vehicle. In the case of an Investment Trust, the legal formalities relating to the formation of the trust involve the execution by the Fund Manager and the Trustee of the relevant trust deed pursuant to the requirements in the Investment Trust Law of 2006.

3.

Under Rule 8.2.2(2), the Fund Manager of an Investment Company or Investment Partnership must delegate the function of holding safe custody of Fund Property (i.e. the Financial Service of Providing Custody in relation to Fund Property) to an Eligible Custodian. In the case of an Investment Trust, the Trustee of the Fund provides the