 the non-compliance is material.

Fees, charges and other levies

Permissible fees, charges, levies and expenses

(1)

A Fund Manager must not make any charge or levy in connection with the issue or sale of Units except in accordance with the Constitution and Prospectus.

(2)

A preliminary or redemption charge must not be made by the Fund Manager unless:

(a)

it is permitted by the Constitution; and

(b)

it is expressed either as a fixed amount or calculated as a percentage of the price of a Unit.

(3)

The preliminary charge must not exceed the amount or rate stated in the current Prospectus in respect of any class of Units.

(1)

No payment may be made, or benefit given, to the Fund Manager out of the Fund Property, whether by way of remuneration for its services,

55

CIR/VER38/08-24

8.13.3

8.13.4

8.13.5

8.13.6

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

reimbursement of expenses or otherwise, unless it is permitted by the Constitution and the Prospectus specifies how it will be calculated, accrued, when it will be paid and the maximum and current rates or amount of such remuneration.

(2)

The Fund Manager must give not less than 90 days written notice of any the Constitution and increase proposed within Prospectus.

the parameters of

A Fund Manager must not introduce a new category of remuneration for its services or make any increase in the current rate or amount of its remuneration payable out of the Fund Property unless it has given not less than 90 days written notice of that introduction or increase and of the date of its commencement to the Unitholders and the Unitholders approve such new category by Special Resolution.

Reimbursement of remuneration and expenses

(1)

A Fund Manager must take reasonable steps to ensure that no payment is made to a Trustee, an Eligible Custodian or Persons providing oversight function out of the Fund Property, whether by way of reimbursement of expenses or otherwise, except:

(a)

remuneration in respect of services provided and in respect of which the following have been stated in the Prospectus:

(i)

the actual amount or rate of the remuneration together with the current maximum or how these are determined;

(ii)

the periods in respect of which the remuneration is to be paid;

(iii)

how the remuneration is to accrue; and

(iv)

when the remuneration is to be paid; and

(b)

reimbursement of expenses properly incurred by the Trustee, Eligible Custodian or Persons providing oversight functions for performing such functions conferred on the Trustee, Eligible Custodian or other Persons by the Rules.

(2)

Payment under (1)(a) must not be made unless permitted by the Constitution.

Promotional payments, performance fees and set up costs

No promotional payment, performance fee or benefit may be made out of or given at the expense of the Fund Property to the Fund Manager unless it is permitted by the Constitution and specified in the Prospectus.

Costs of the registration, exemption and incorporation of a Fund and of its initial Offer or issue of Units, including Units in respect of a Sub-Fund, may be amortised over a period not exceeding five years.

56

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

Allocation of payments to capital or income

8.13.7

(1)

The Fund Manager and the Trustee or the Persons providing the oversight function may agree that all or any part of any permitted payments, charges and expenses of the Fund may be treated as a capital expense or income expense and allocated to the capital account or income account respectively.

(2)

The Fund Manager must ensure that any agreement in (1) is permitted by the Constitution and specified in the Prospectus in sufficient detail for a Unitholder or a prospective Unitholder to make an informed decision in relation to the allocation of such charges and expenses to be paid from the capital property or the income property as the case may be.

Payments of liabilities on transfer of assets

8.13.8 Where the property of a Body Corporate or of another Fund is transferred to a Fund or to the Fund Manager for the account of the Fund or to the Trustee