 to a contract for the issue or sale of Units by him or by another Person with whom he has made arrangements for the issue or sale of the Units; or

b.

invites another Person to make an offer which, if accepted by him, would give rise to a contract for the issue or sale of Units by him or by another Person with whom he has made arrangements for the issue or sale of the Units,

whether or not the offer or invitation referred to in Article 19(2)(a) or (b) is made by way of a financial promotion of the Units..

4.

Rules 4.1.3 and 4.1.4 exclude from being treated as Offers any Transactions undertaken by an Authorised Firm where such Transactions are Execution-only Transactions, or Transactions for the purposes of managing a Discretionary Portfolio for a Client, or for the purposes of redeeming a Unit of a Fund for a Client. Similarly, an offer made by an Authorised Firm to a Market Counterparty is also excluded from being an Offer. Finally, Rule 4.1.5 excludes an offer of a Unit of a Passported Fund from being treated as an Offer where the DIFC is the Host Jurisdiction. This is because such an offer will be subject to the requirements in the Home Jurisdiction. As a result, such excluded Transactions and offers do not attract the marketing prohibition in Article 19 of the Law and the requirements in both the Law and this module relating to the marketing of Units.

5.

This Part of the module sets out the detailed requirements that apply to the Offer of Units of Domestic and Foreign Funds, including Prospectus disclosure, under respective chapters. The Rules in this chapter supplement provisions of COB which also govern the carrying on of Financial Service activities by an Authorised Firm, except where otherwise provided.

6.

With the exception of Part 2 of the Markets Law 2012, that Law and Rules made for the purpose of that Law govern the listing of the Units of a Fund and continuous disclosure obligations that apply to in relation to Listed Funds.

124

CIR/VER38/08-24

14

14.1

14.1.1

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

MARKETING OF DOMESTIC FUNDS AND PROSPECTUS DISCLOSURE

Prospectus disclosure for Domestic Funds

Guidance

1.

While a Person is required by virtue of Article 50(1) of the Law when making an Offer of a Unit of a Domestic Fund to another Person to make available to that other Person a Prospectus, the obligation to produce a Prospectus is imposed under Article 51(a) of the Law on the Fund Manager of a Domestic Fund.

2.

This chapter sets out the detailed requirements that apply to the Fund Manager who is obliged to produce a Prospectus, and the obligations and liabilities relating to Prospectuses, as well as the obligation relating to making available a Prospectus which applies to the activity of making an Offer of Units.

3.

Some requirements relating to Prospectus disclosure are common to all Domestic Funds. However, in other areas, particularly relating to the content of disclosure required in a Prospectus, and the manner of distribution, different requirements apply depending on whether the Fund is a Public Fund, Exempt Fund or Qualified Investor Fund. Further, specialist class of Funds attract additional disclosure requirements that are unique to their activities. This chapter sets out those requirements and where necessary by reference to the types and classes of Domestic Funds.

4.

Article 14(2) of the Law provides that the requirements relating to Domestic Funds do not apply to an External Fund (i.e. a Fund established in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC by a DFSA licensed Fund Manager), unless otherwise provided in the Law or Rules. As a result, the general Prospectus requirements set out in the Law and this module do not apply to External Funds, except that:

a.

any offer document prepared for the purposes of complying with the requirements applicable in the jurisdiction in which the External Fund is established is regarded as a Prospectus for the purposes of the requirements relating to the Offer of Units of such a Fund in or from the DIFC (see Article 50(3)(c) of the Law); and

b.

the DFSA has the power to prescribe any additional disclosure to be included in such a document (see Article 51(2) of the Law