 Related Party Transactions, their nature and the identities of the Related Parties with whom such transactions were made. Where there is no such transaction conducted during the financial year covered by the annual report, an appropriate negative statement to that effect must be made in the annual report.

(5)

The requirements in (3) and (4)(a) do not apply in relation to an Exempt Property Fund.

(6)

The requirements in (3) and (4)(a) do not apply to a Public Property Fund in respect of a Related Party Transaction if:

(a)

the transaction is for the acquisition or sale of Real Property in the State; and

(b) all of the conditions in Rule 13.4.11A(1) are met.

(7) The requirements in (3) and (4) do not apply to the Fund Manager of an ETF in relation to the appointment of a Price Information Provider, who is a Related Party, where such an appointment occurs at the time of establishment of the ETF.

Guidance

1.

If a Fund Manager of an Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) has an arrangement with a Related Party, for that Related Party to provide an index or benchmark, then the Fund Manager is required to also treat that arrangement as a Related Party Transaction (see Rule 13.9.5) and comply with Rule 8.3.2 in relation to the transaction.

2.

An ETF Fund Manager is not required to comply with the requirements in Rule 8.3.2(3) and (4) in relation to a Price Information Provider (PIP), who is a Related Party and provides a custom made index or other benchmark which the ETF tracks, if that appointment takes place at the time of establishing the ETF. This is because, generally, there are no investors in the Fund at that time to give the prior approval that is envisaged.

3.

However, such an ETF Fund Manager does need to comply with the arm’s length transaction requirement in Rule 8.3.2(2) and, also, disclose in the Fund Prospectus that it tracks a custom made index, or other benchmark, provided by a Related Party PIP (under Rule 14.4.8(d)).

4.

In relation to a Fund on a Fund Platform, the definition of a Related Party in GLO includes any other Fund on the Fund Platform.

Best execution and fair allocation

42

CIR/VER38/08-24

8.3.3

8.4

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

Without limiting the generality of the obligations of the Fund Manager including those in Rules 8.3.1 and 8.3.2, the Fund Manager’s systems and controls must include policies and procedures which are designed to ensure that:

(a)

when executing or procuring execution of trades for or on behalf of the Fund, the transactions are executed:

(i)

as soon as reasonably practicable after a decision to effect a transaction has been made; and

(ii)

on the best terms available at the time of dealing;

(b)

where the Fund Manager undertakes investment transactions for or on behalf of a Fund which it operates and one or more other Funds or Clients, there is timely and fair allocation of trades to each Fund and Client;

(c)

trading of the investment portfolio forming part of the Fund Property is not excessive in light of the Fund’s investment objective as stated in its Constitution and the most recently issued Prospectus; and

(d)

any underwriting arrangements it undertakes are carried out in the best interest of the Fund.

Guidance

1.

For the purposes of (a), a Fund Manager’s procedures should take into account matters such as the market in which the trade is to be executed, the kind and size of the transaction concerned and type of services provided by the executing broker that has been selected. A Fund Manager’s procedures should be adequate to demonstrate that when the transaction was executed, it was done at the best price available. For this purpose, a Fund Manager may require a print out of a computer screen containing information about the price available at the time of the execution to be maintained.

2.

For the purposes of (b), a Fund Manager should have a policy in place which demonstrates how it achieves timely and fair allocation of trades. For example, where a Fund Manager places an order on behalf of a number of Funds it operates, its policy should