)(b), 7.1.2(2) and 7.1.4 apply to a Fund Manager and, where appointed, a Trustee, of a Qualified Investor Fund.

Instrument constituting the Fund

7.1.2

(1)

The Fund Manager and, in the case of an Investment Trust, both the Fund Manager and the Trustee of a Fund, must ensure that the written Constitution which every Fund is required to have pursuant to Article 27(1) of the Law:

(a)

contains the statements and disclosures prescribed in the table in App5 as are applicable to the Fund; and

(b)

does not contain any provision that is prejudicial to the interests of the Unitholders generally or to the Unitholders of any class of Units.

(2)

The Fund Manager and, in the case of an Investment Trust, both the Fund Manager and the Trustee, are responsible for maintaining the Constitution and for making necessary alterations to it in accordance with the applicable legislation.

Guidance

In the case of a Fund on a Fund Platform, such a Fund, being an Incorporated Cell of an Incorporated Cell Company, needs its own Articles of Association under the ICC Regulations.

7.1.3

(1)

A Fund Manager may issue and in the case of an Investment Trust, may instruct the Trustee to issue such classes of Units as are set out in the Constitution, provided the rights of any class are not unfairly prejudicial to the interests of the Unitholders of any other class of Units in that Fund.

(2)

Units whose issue may be limited can be issued by a Fund Manager if permitted by the Constitution and if in accordance with the conditions set out in the Prospectus, provided that such issue will not materially prejudice any existing Unitholders in the Fund.

(3)

In the case of an Investment Trust, the Trustee must take reasonable measures to ensure, before carrying out the Fund Manager’s instructions, that those instructions comply with the requirements in (1) and (2).

32

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

Name of the Fund

7.1.4 The Fund Manager, and if appointed the Trustee, of a Fund must ensure that the name of the Fund or any Sub-Fund or class of Units in the Fund or Sub-Fund, is not undesirable, misleading or in conflict with the name of another Fund or another Sub- Fund or class of Units in the Fund or Sub-Fund.

Guidance

1.

Article 27(4) of the Law and this Rule give the DFSA the power to make a direction if a name of a Fund, Sub-Fund or class of Units in a Fund is undesirable, misleading or conflicts with a name used by another Fund, Sub-Fund or class of Units of a Fund. In the case of a Protected Cell Company or an Incorporated Cell Company, the PCC and the ICC Regulations confer additional powers on the DFSA to give a direction in relation to those companies and their cells.

2.

In determining whether to make a direction under these powers, the matters that the DFSA may take into account include whether the name of the Fund, Sub-Fund or class of Units as the case may be:

a.

implies that the Fund, Sub-Fund or class of Units has merits which are not, or might not be, justified;

b.

is inconsistent with the Fund’s investment objectives or policy;

c.

might mislead Unitholders or prospective Unitholders into thinking that a Person other than the Fund Manager is responsible for the Fund, Sub-Fund or class of Units of the Fund;

d.

is substantially similar to the name of another Collective Investment Fund in the DIFC or elsewhere;

e.

implies that it is a specialist class of Fund or Sub-Fund, where the relevant requirements relating to that class of specialist Fund are not met; or

f.

is in the opinion of the DFSA likely to offend the public.

7.1.5 Before using as part of or in connection with the name of a Fund, Sub-Fund or class of Units in a Fund the words “guaranteed”, “protected” or any other words with a similar meaning implying a degree of security in relation to the capital or income, the Fund Manager must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the DFSA that:

(a)

the guar