 Company (ICC) to provide infrastructure to a Fund; and

(b)

in relation to a Fund that is a Company, apply in relation to a Fund that is an Incorporated Cell of an ICC.

Guidance

Because each Fund (i.e. an Incorporated Cell) is a stand-alone Fund, the Fund Manager using a Fund Platform needs to comply with all the applicable requirements in respect of each such Fund, although it is a Fund on a Fund Platform.

Fund Manager responsible for acts of Fund Platform

A Fund Manager using a Fund Platform remains responsible for any acts or omissions of the ICC as if they were the acts or omissions of the Fund Manager.

The Fund Manager’s obligations when using a Fund Platform

Without limiting any other obligations of the Fund Manager under the Law or these Rules, a Fund Manager using a Fund Platform must ensure that the ICC:

(a) maintains adequate infrastructure to provide services to Funds on the Fund Platform, taking into account the type or specialist class of each particular Fund;

30

CIR/VER38/08-24

6A.1.5

6A.1.6

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(b) does not carry on any activity in relation to a Fund on the Fund Platform, other than the activities which the Fund Manager is authorised and permitted to undertake in respect of the relevant Fund;

(c)

does not provide any service to a Fund that is not an Incorporated Cell of the ICC; and

(d) maintains procedures and up-to-date records to demonstrate to the DFSA:

(i)

the activities that the ICC undertakes in relation to each Fund on the Fund Platform; and

(ii)

that all applicable requirements have been met in respect of each Fund on the Fund Platform, taking into account the type or specialist class of the relevant Fund.

Guidance

1.

Under Rule 6A.1.4(b), a Fund Manager using a Fund Platform cannot establish on its Fund Platform any Funds other than a QIF if its authorisation is limited to managing QIFs. What type of Funds a Fund Manager can manage is reflected in the fees applicable to Fund Managers under FER.

2.

Rule 6A.1.4(c) does not prevent a Fund Manager from being able to share resources available to it (such as its IT systems and staff) between a Fund Platform and other Funds the Fund Manager manages on a stand-alone basis. However, a Fund Manager allocating its resources between the Fund Platform and such a Fund should be able to demonstrate (for example, through its written records) effective functional separation.

Directors of the Fund Platform and its Funds

A Fund Manager using a Fund Platform must ensure that if the ICC or an Incorporated Cell of the ICC has any Directors other than the Directors of the Fund Manager, that the Fund Manager exercises control over the board of the ICC or Incorporated Cell, as the case may be, either by having:

(a) a majority of its Directors on the board of the ICC or the Incorporated Cell;

or

(b)

the power to veto decisions of that board, if the Fund Manager reasonably believes that the decision will have an adverse impact on the ICC or the Incorporated Cell.

A Fund Manager using a Fund Platform must not allow a Fund that is an Incorporated Cell of the Incorporated Cell Company to have a Corporate Director.

31

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

PART 4: CORE RULES RELATING

TO MANAGEMENT OF DOMESTIC FUNDS

ESTABLISHMENT AND

7

CONSTITUTION

7.1 Application

7.1.1

(1)

This chapter applies to a Fund Manager, and where appointed a Trustee, of a Domestic Fund.

(2)

Only this Rule and Rules 7.1.2(1)(b), 7.1.2(2) and 7.1.4 apply to a Fund Manager and, where appointed, a Trustee, of a Qualified Investor Fund.

Instrument constituting the Fund

7.1.2

(1)

The Fund Manager and, in the case of an Investment Trust, both the Fund Manager and the Trustee of a Fund, must ensure that the written Constitution which every Fund is required to have pursuant to Article 27(1) of the Law:

(a)

contains the statements and disclosures prescribed in the table in App5 as are