 any eligible Persons referred to in Rule 2.1.17(a)(i) or (ii).

Crowdfunding

An arrangement does not constitute a Collective Investment Fund if all of the following conditions are met:

(a)

the arrangement Crowdfunding Platform, operated by a Crowdfunding Operator;

is entered

into using a Property

Investment

(b)

the arrangement involves multiple investors investing in an individual apartment, house or building that has a single discrete title deed;

11

CIR/VER38/08-24

2.1.19

2.1.20

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(c)

all of the investors are Clients of the Crowdfunding Operator; and

(d)

the total consideration paid by all investors in the apartment, house or building is not more than $10 million or an equivalent amount in another currency.

Guidance

An Investment made through an Investment Crowdfunding Platform (i.e. a platform that facilitates an investment in a business or a project rather than a property) is likely to fall within the exclusion in Rule 2.1.10.

An arrangement does not constitute a Collective Investment Fund if all of the following conditions are met:

(a)

the arrangement is entered into using a Loan Crowdfunding Platform, operated by a Crowdfunding Operator;

(b)

the arrangement involves multiple lenders providing a loan to a borrower for a business or project;

(c)

all of the lenders are Clients of the Crowdfunding Operator;

(d)

the amount of the loan, the rate of return and the repayment period are fixed when the loan agreement is entered into; and

(e)

the total funding provided by all lenders to the borrower is not more than $10 million or an equivalent amount in another currency.

Employee Money Purchase Scheme

An arrangement does not constitute a Collective Investment Fund if all of the following conditions are met:

(a)

the arrangement is an Employee Money Purchase Scheme and the DFSA has approved that Scheme under COB Rule 12.2.2;

(b)

the Scheme is operated by an Authorised Firm that is authorised to Operate an Employee Money Purchase Scheme; and

(c)

the Scheme is administered by an Authorised Firm that is authorised to Act as the Administrator of an Employee Money Purchase Scheme.

12

CIR/VER38/08-24

3

3.1

3.1.1

3.1.2

3.1.3

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

SPECIALIST CLASSES OF FUNDS

Specialist Funds

(1)

Pursuant to Article 17 of the Law, a Domestic Fund that falls within one or more of the criteria specified in Rules 3.1.2 to 3.1.15 is hereby prescribed to be a Domestic Fund of that specialist class or classes.

(2)

Pursuant to Article 18(1)(c) of the Law, a Foreign Fund that falls within one or more of the criteria specified in Rules 3.1.2 – 3.1.15 is hereby prescribed to be a Foreign Fund of that specialist class or classes for the purposes of:

(a) marketing of the Units of that Fund in or from the DIFC; or

(b) determining whether a Domestic Fund investing in such a Fund continues to meet any criteria or other requirements applicable to that Domestic Fund.

Guidance

1.

A Domestic Fund may attract more than one definition of a specialist class of Funds. For example, a Domestic Fund may be an Islamic Hedge Fund, Islamic Private Equity Fund or an Islamic REIT. However, due to the definition of Private Equity Fund, a Fund cannot be both a Private Equity Fund and a Venture Capital Fund.

2.

Article 50(1) of the Law contains the prohibition against the Offer of Units of Foreign Funds (i.e. marketing of Units of Foreign Funds) in or from the DIFC. Article 54(1) of the Law provides the limited circumstances in which an Authorised Firm may market Units of a Foreign Fund. An Authorised Firm may, under Article 54(1)(a), (b) or (c) of the Law, offer Units of a Foreign Fund if the conditions of the relevant paragraph are met. For example, under Article 54(1)(c), the offer is required to be by private placement to Professional Clients who invest at least US$ 50,000. Such marketing