 of the individual in relation to the knowledge and skills required for the role;

b.

take reasonable steps to verify the relevance, accuracy and authenticity of any information acquired;

72

CIR/VER38/08-24

10.3.3

10.3.4

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

c.

determine whether the individual holds any relevant qualifications with respect to the functions to be performed; and

d.

determine the individual’s relevant experience.

(1)

The systems and controls which a Fund Manager is required to have in place must include adequate measures to monitor whether the Persons appointed to provide the oversight function for the Fund meet the suitability criteria specified in Rule 10.3.2(1) on a continuing basis.

(2)

If a Person appointed to provide the oversight function for the Fund is either unable to fulfil his duties or no longer meets the suitability criteria in Rule 10.3.2(1), the Fund Manager must, within 21 days of the event causing such inability, dismiss and replace that Person, subject to the requirement in (4).

(3)

If a Person appointed to provide the oversight function for the Fund resigns from or otherwise vacates that position, the Fund Manager must, within 60 days of the event causing the vacancy, appoint a replacement, subject to the requirement in (4).

(4)

An appointment made under (2) or (3) must meet the relevant requirements relating to the oversight arrangement of the Fund as specified in Rule 10.3.1 as is relevant to that particular Fund.

(5)

The Fund Manager must notify the DFSA and, in the case of an Investment Trust where the Trustee is not the appointed oversight provider for the Fund, the Trustee, of the matters referred to in this Rule, giving reasons for the relevant cessation and replacement of the oversight provider.

General oversight duties

The Persons providing the oversight function must:

(a)

monitor whether the Fund Manager:

(i)

is managing the Fund in accordance with the Constitution and the most recent Prospectus of the Fund, including in particular, any investment and borrowing limitations, requirements relating to the valuation of Fund Property and any other requirements or restrictions imposed on the Fund under the Law or any Rules in this module;

(ii)

is complying with any terms and conditions on the Fund Manager’s Licence, particularly with respect to the management of the Fund; and

(iii)

if it is an External Fund Manager, is complying with the specific requirements that apply to such a Person by virtue of being an External Fund Manager;

73

CIR/VER38/08-24

10.3.5

10.3.6

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(b)

assess whether the Fund Manager’s systems and controls, particularly those relating to risk management and compliance, operate as intended and remain adequate;

(c)

report to the Fund Manager on its findings, including any actual or potential breaches or inadequacies in relation to the matters specified in (a) and (b), as soon as such breaches or inadequacies are identified or suspected; and

(d)

report to the DFSA if:

(i)

the Fund Manager has failed, or is reasonably likely to fail, to take appropriate action to rectify or remedy a matter reported to it within 30 days of that matter being so reported; and

(ii)

that Person believes on reasonable grounds that the matter has had, or is likely to have, a materially adverse impact on the interests of the Unitholders of the Fund.

Guidance

External Fund Managers are subject to specific requirements, for example in CIR section 6.1.

Proceedings of the oversight provider

The Persons providing the oversight function for a Fund must conduct and regulate their proceedings in such a manner so as to be able to discharge the duties and responsibilities relating to the oversight function efficiently and effectively in accordance with the requirements of the Law and this module, and in the case of a Trustee, the requirements in the Investment Trust Law 2006.

Guidance

1.

The Persons providing the oversight function should hold in the DIFC such number of meetings during every annual accounting period as are considered appropriate for the nature and scale of the activities of the Fund.

2.

The Persons providing the oversight function should keep minutes of their meetings and records of their reports and recommendations for a minimum of six years.

Princip