 such as treasury bills, certificates of deposit and commercial paper.

2.

A Fund may fall within the definition of a Money Market Fund even if it:

(a)

is not described or marketed as such a Fund; or

(b)

has objectives additional to those specified in the definition, provided that they are not inconsistent with the investment objectives in the definition.

3.

Money market funds in other jurisdictions are structured as either variable net asset value Funds (VNAV Funds) or stable net asset value Funds (SNAV Funds). A VNAV Fund values its assets on a mark to market basis, allowing for changes in the value of Units. A SNAV Fund aims to maintain an unchanged face value (e.g. $1 per Unit).

16

CIR/VER38/08-24

3.1.12

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

4.

The combined practical effect of the valuation requirements in Rule 8.4.1 and the requirements for pricing of Units in Rule 8.5.1 prevents a Money Market Fund being established as a SNAV Fund in the DIFC. The DFSA would generally not waive those requirements to allow such a Fund to be established due to the additional systemic risks and risks to investors that a SNAV Fund can present.

Exchange Traded Fund (“ETF”)

(1) A Fund is an Exchange Traded Fund (“ETF”) if it:

(a)

is constituted as an Open-ended Public Fund;

(b) has its Units available for trading throughout the day on an exchange

that meets the criteria in (2); and

(c)

has at least one market maker (Authorised Participant) who:

(i)

purchases and redeems ‘creation Units’ of the Fund from the Fund Manager; and

(ii)

is prepared to buy and sell Units of the Fund throughout the day on the relevant exchange.

(2) An exchange meets the requirement in (1)(b) if it is:

(a) operated by an Authorised Market Institution;

(b)

regulated by a Financial Services Regulator in a jurisdiction that is a signatory to the IOSCO Multilateral Memorandum of Understanding for sharing information; or

(c)

regulated by a Financial Services Regulator in a jurisdiction which has entered into a bilateral memorandum of understanding with the DFSA for sharing information.

Guidance

1.

Rule 13.9.1 prohibits the use of the term Exchange Traded Fund or ETF unless a Fund meets the criteria in Rule 3.1.12. A similar prohibition applies to Foreign Funds that offer Units in or from the DIFC – see Rules 15.1.5(c) and 15.1.6(1)(c).

2.

ETFs are different to other exchange traded Open-ended Funds. ETFs generally do not sell or redeem their Units to and from retail investors directly at net asset value (NAV). Instead, an Authorised Participant (“AP”) (i.e. a market maker appointed by the ETF Fund Manager) buys and redeems ETF Units, called creation Units, directly from the ETF Fund Manager. Generally, an AP that purchases a creation Unit of an ETF deposits with the ETF Fund Manager a ‘purchase basket’ of certain securities and cash and/or other assets identified by the ETF Manager that day, and then receives the creation Unit in return for those assets. The basket generally reflects a pro-rata portion of the ETF’s underlying holdings. After purchasing a creation Unit, the AP may hold or sell some or all of the Units in the basket on the relevant exchange.

3.

The redemption process is the reverse of the purchase process. The AP redeems the creation Unit from the ETF, in exchange for a ‘redemption basket’ of securities and/or cash and other assets (or all cash) received from the Fund Manager. The AP also offers to buy and sell ETF Units on the relevant exchange, where retail investors can buy and sell ETF Units at a price close to NAV.

17

CIR/VER38/08-24

3.1.13

3.1.14

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

4.

See further Guidance about ETFs under CIR 13.9.6.

Venture Capital Fund

A Fund is a Venture Capital Fund if it is an Exempt Fund or a Qualified Investor Fund and its investment objective is to invest:

(a)

at least 90% of its committed capital