 company, the Fund Manager of the of the Feeder Fund must ensure that the Master Fund in which the investment is being made does not charge subscription or redemption fees on account of the investment; and commission or rebates received by the Fund Manager of the Feeder Fund, by virtue of the investment into the Master Fund, must be paid into the property of the Feeder Fund.

13.3

Private Equity Funds

Guidance

See Rule 3.1.6 for the definition of a Private Equity Fund.

Investment committee

13.3.1

(1)

A Fund Manager of a Private Equity Fund is not required to appoint an Eligible Custodian for the Fund pursuant to Rule 8.2.2 where it meets the requirements in (2) and (3).

(2)

A Fund Manager of a Private Equity Fund must call a meeting of Unitholders to vote on the election of at least three experts who are independent of the Fund Manager to sit on an investment committee of the Fund.

91

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(3)

The committee members in (2) must not involve themselves in the day to day management of the Fund but are appointed to review investment opportunities.

Guidance

1.

The DFSA expects Fund Managers of Private Equity Funds to have proper regard to best practice standards or guidance issued by the DFSA as well as leading international trade bodies in relation to such Funds.

2.

Experts are persons whose profession, expertise or reputation gives authority to a statement or opinion made by that person in relation to the subject matter of the statement or opinion.

3.

Where a Private Equity Fund appoints an investment committee pursuant to Rule 13.3.1(2), the annual report of that Fund must also include a report by that committee (see Rule 9.4.7(1)).

13.3.2

A Fund Manager of a Private Equity Fund must ensure that:

(a)

unless the purpose of the Fund is to invest in a single venture or undertaking, it does not invest more than 25% of the Fund in one such venture or undertaking; and

(b)

it does not invest in companies which are Related Parties in relation to the Fund or the Fund Manager, except where it does so in compliance with the requirements in Rule 8.3.2.

13.3.3 Where the Fund Manager of a Private Equity Fund intends to invest in any venture, the Fund Manager must ensure that it makes adequate arrangements for the undertaking of due diligence in respect of that venture including investigating its corporate governance standards.

13.3.4

If a Fund Manager of a Private Equity Fund has placed a Person on the board of the Undertaking in which it is investing, it must take reasonable steps to ensure that it manages conflicts and follows good corporate governance.

13.4

Property Funds

Guidance

See Rule 3.1.7 for the definition of a Property Fund.

Permitted form and listing

13.4.1

(1)

A Fund Manager of a Domestic Fund which is a Property Fund must use only a Closed-ended legal structure for the investment vehicle, unless it is an Exempt Fund or a Qualified Investor Fund.

(2)

In the case of a Property Fund which is or intends to be a Public Fund, the Fund Manager:

(a)

may only use either an Investment Company or Investment Trust as the investment vehicle of the Fund;

92

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(b)

must ensure that it is listed and traded on an Authorised Market Institution or is listed and traded on an exchange in a Recognised Jurisdiction within 3 years from the date on which the Units of the Fund are first Offered to the public or any other shorter period as specified in the Fund’s Prospectus; and

(c)

must ensure that the Constitution of the Fund includes provisions that deal with:

(i)

the manner in which the issue and redemption of Units of the Fund will be made to ensure that the Fund is Closed ended; and

(ii)

if applicable, the circumstances in which any Private Placements may be made.

(3)

If the offer document or marketing material of a Property Fund which is an Exempt Fund or QIF states that it intends to be listed and traded on an Authorised Market Institution,