 in English.

Auditors of a Fund

Guidance

1.

Article 27(1)(c) of the Law requires every Domestic Fund to have a Registered Auditor appointed to it in accordance with Part 8 of the Regulatory Law and any Rules made for the purposes of that Part.

2.

Part 8 of the Regulatory Law sets out how an Auditor must be appointed to each Domestic Fund and the main duties and functions of the Auditor. This section sets out additional requirements that apply in relation to Registered Auditors of a Fund.

3.

Under Article 97C(1) of the Regulatory Law a Person is prohibited from providing any Audit Service to a Domestic Fund unless that Person is a Registered Auditor.

Appointment and termination of auditors

A Fund Manager must:

(a)

notify the DFSA of the appointment of a Registered Auditor to the Fund by completing and submitting the appropriate form in AFN;

(b)

prior to the appointment of the Registered Auditor, take reasonable steps to ensure that the Registered Auditor has the required skills, resources and experience to audit the type of Fund for which the Registered Auditor has been appointed; and

(c)

ensure that the Registered Auditor, at the time of appointment and for the duration of the engagement is registered with the DFSA as a Registered Auditor.

A Fund Manager must notify the DFSA immediately if the appointment of the Registered Auditor is or is about to be terminated, or on the resignation of the Fund’s Registered Auditor, by completing and submitting the appropriate form in AFN.

A Fund Manager must appoint a Registered Auditor to fill any vacancy in the office of Registered Auditor and ensure that the replacement Registered Auditor can take up office at the time the vacancy arises or as soon as reasonably practicable.

(1)

A Fund Manager must take reasonable steps to ensure that the Registered Auditor and the relevant audit staff of the Registered Auditor are independent of, and not subject to, any conflict of interest with respect to the Fund Manager, the Trustee or the Fund.

(2)

A Fund Manager or Trustee must notify the DFSA if it becomes aware, or has reason to believe, that the Registered Auditor or the relevant audit staff of the Registered Auditor are no longer independent of the Fund

59

CIR/VER38/08-24

9.3.5

9.3.6

9.3.7

9.3.8

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

Manager, the Trustee or the Fund, or have a conflict of interest which may affect their judgement in respect of the Fund.

Guidance

1.

A Fund Manager should consider whether there is any financial or personal relationship between it or any of its relevant Employees and the Registered Auditor or any of the relevant Employees of the Registered Auditor that may affect the judgement of the Registered Auditor when conducting an audit of the Fund or complying with all its legal obligations, including the Regulatory Law, AUD, AML and other relevant modules of the DFSA Rulebook.

2.

A Fund Manager should consider rotating the appointed relevant staff of the Registered Auditor on a regular basis to ensure that the relevant staff of the Registered Auditor remain independent.

Co-operation with auditors

A Fund Manager must take reasonable steps to ensure that it and its Employees:

(a)

provide any information to its Registered Auditor that its Registered Auditor reasonably requires, or is entitled to receive as Registered Auditor;

(b)

give the Registered Auditor right of access at all reasonable times to relevant records and information within its possession;

(c)

allow the Registered Auditor to make copies of any records or information referred to in (b);

(d)

do not interfere with the Registered Auditor’s ability to discharge its duties;

(e)

report to the Registered Auditor any matter which may significantly affect the financial position of the Fund; and

(f)

provide such other assistance as the Registered Auditor may reasonably request it to provide.

A Trustee must take reasonable steps to ensure that it and its Employees act in compliance with Rule 9.3.5(a)-(f).

A Fund Manager must, in writing, require any Person to whom the Fund Manager has delegated or outsourced any functions to co-operate with the Fund’s Registered Auditor in accordance with the provisions specified in Rule 9.3.5.

Function of the Registered Auditor

A Fund Manager must, in writing, require its Registered Auditor to:

(a)

conduct an audit of the Fund’s financial statements in accordance with the requirements of the relevant standards published by the International Aud