 the procedures in App2 are void.

(3)

In the case of a Public Fund, the Fund Manager must distribute the meetings procedures manual to all Unitholders.

(4)

If the Fund is structured as an Investment Trust, the Fund Manager must obtain the prior approval of the Trustee in respect of its meetings procedures.

8.9

Approvals and notifications

50

CIR/VER38/08-24

8.9.1

8.10

8.10.1

8.11

8.11.1

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

A Fund Manager of a Public Fund must comply with the provisions in App3 in regard to:

(a)

fundamental changes requiring prior approval of the Unitholders;

(b)

significant changes requiring pre-event notification to the Unitholders; and

(c)

notifiable changes, that is, a change other than one in (a) or (b) which requires post notification to the Unitholders.

Maintenance of records

(1)

A Fund Manager must make and retain accounting and other records that are necessary:

(a)

to enable it to comply with Rules in this module; and

(b)

to demonstrate at any time that such compliance has been achieved.

(2)

A Fund Manager must make and retain for a period of six years a record of the Units held, acquired or disposed of, by it, including the classes of such Units, and the balance of any acquisitions and disposals.

(3)

A Fund Manager must make the record available for inspection by the DFSA in the DIFC and, if applicable, the Trustee or appointed Eligible Custodian, free of charge at all times during ordinary office hours and must supply a copy of the record or any part of it.

(4) Where a Fund Manager makes a dilution levy or dilution adjustment in accordance with Rule 8.4.1(5), it must make and retain for a period of six years from the date such action is taken a record of:

(a)

how it calculates and estimates dilution; and

(b)

its policy and method for determining the amount of any dilution levy or dilution adjustment.

Capital

(1)

In the case of a Public Fund, if at any time after the size of the Fund’s capital has reached the minimum size provided in its Constitution the size of that capital falls below that minimum size, the Fund Manager must immediately notify the DFSA of that fact.

(2)

The notification under (1) must also:

(a)

state the Fund Manager’s grounds for believing that the Fund is still commercially viable and the purpose of the Fund can still be accomplished; and

51

CIR/VER38/08-24

8.12

8.12.1

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(b)

be accompanied by the relevant Unitholders’ resolution supporting the Fund Manager’s views in (1); or

(c)

state what steps the Fund Manager has taken or will take to wind up the Fund.

Delegation and outsourcing

Guidance

1.

This section sets out the general requirements that apply to a Fund Manager, or where appointed the Trustee, of a Domestic Fund where it delegates or outsources any Financial Service activity or function to another Person. Such a Person is defined as a “Service Provider” for the purposes of this module.

2.

Under Article 24 of the Law and Article 24 of the Investment Trust Law 2006, a Fund Manager or where appointed the Trustee of a Fund respectively may, subject to any restriction in the Constitution of the Domestic Fund and any provisions of the Rules, delegate any of its Financial Service activities or outsource any of its functions to a Service Provider, which may be located in or outside the DIFC.

3.

Fund Managers of Domestic Funds structured as an Investment Company or Investment Partnership are required under Rule 8.2.2(2) to delegate the activity of Providing Custody to an Eligible Custodian. This obligation does not apply where there are adequate alternative arrangements. This chapter sets out the circumstances in which the obligation under Rule 8.2.2(2) does not apply.

4.

A Fund Manager or Trustee ‘outsources’ a function relating to the operation of the Fund where the function, whether or not relating to a Financial Service activity, is contracted to be