 Rule 10.3.2(1). The criteria include a test of independence.

3.

For example, for an individual such as a member of the board of directors of the Fund Manager to be able to meet the independence test, the starting point is that such an individual would need to be a non-executive member of the Fund Manager’s board. But that alone may not be sufficient, as the independence requirement has a range of other elements against which such an individual’s ability to be independent of the Fund Manager is assessed. See Article 42 of the Law and Rule 10.3.2. The other elements of the suitability test encompass a fit and proper test and relevant expertise. These too need to be satisfied by such individuals.

Suitability criteria for persons providing oversight function

(1)

For the purposes of Rule 10.3.1, a Person undertaking the oversight function meets the relevant criteria if that Person:

(a)

is suitably qualified;

(b)

is fit and proper; and

(c)

meets the independence criteria in Article 42 of the Law.

71

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(2)

A Fund Manager must, in the case of each individual to be appointed as a member of an Oversight Committee referred to in Rule 10.3.1(a), undertake appropriate due diligence to ascertain whether the individual meets the suitability criteria in (1).

(3)

A Fund Manager must, where an Eligible Custodian or Trustee is to be appointed as the oversight provider of the Fund, undertake appropriate due diligence to ascertain whether the individual meets the suitability criteria in (1) in respect of those individuals within the organisation of the Eligible Custodian or Trustee who will be undertaking the primary responsibility for performing the oversight function for the Fund.

(4)

A Fund Manager must ensure that there is a written agreement:

(a)

by which an individual is appointed to an Oversight Committee or the Trustee or Eligible Custodian is appointed to the oversight function of the Fund, as is relevant; and

(b)

which contains express provisions that the appointee agrees to discharge the function requirements in the Law and this module.

the oversight

in accordance with

(5)

If requested by the DFSA, a Fund Manager must provide to the DFSA any information relating to the appointment or intended appointment of a Person to provide the oversight function for the Fund.

Guidance

1.

The Guidance under Appendix 6 (App6) sets out matters which a Fund Manager should take into account when assessing the fitness and propriety of an individual who is to be appointed to carry out the Fund’s oversight function.

2.

In the case of a Trustee or Eligible Custodian appointed to provide the oversight function, a Fund Manager should, before making such an appointment, identify the most senior individuals within the organisation who will carry the primary responsibility for the oversight function. The suitability assessment should then be applied to each such individual.

3.

Trustees are required to be independent of the Fund Manager (see Article 19 of the Investment Trust law 2006, which is incorporated in the independence requirement for oversight providers under Article 42(1)(f) of the Law). However, if the primary responsibility for providing oversight function within a Trustee rests on individuals other than its board members, the Fund Manager should assess whether such individuals possess the required degree of independence from the Fund Manager in assessing their fitness and propriety to carry out the oversight function effectively. A Fund Manager should, when making that assessment, focus particularly on whether the Persons providing the oversight function have access to sufficient resources to perform their duties objectively and independently of the Fund Manager.

4.

In assessing the competence of a prospective appointee, a Fund Manager should:

a.

obtain details of the knowledge and skills of the individual in relation to the knowledge and skills required for the role;

b.

take reasonable steps to verify the relevance, accuracy and authenticity of any information acquired;

72

CIR/VER38/08-24

10.3.3

10.3.4

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

c.

determine whether the individual holds any relevant qualifications with respect to the functions to be performed; and

d.

determine the individual’s relevant experience.

(1)

The systems and controls which a Fund Manager is required to have in place must include