 investing in Investment Tokens

Restrictions on use of certain terms

13.11.1 A Fund Manager of a Fund must ensure that its offer document or marketing material does not refer to it as an “investment token fund”, or otherwise hold it out as being a Fund which has as its main purpose investing in Investment Tokens, unless the Fund meets the criterion in Rule 3.1.14.

Guidance

Other descriptions of a Fund that are likely to fall within the scope of Rule 13.11.1 include the use of terms such as ‘security token fund’, ‘derivative token fund’, ‘share token fund’ and ‘bond token fund’.

13.11.2 A Fund Manager of a Fund must ensure that its offer document or marketing material does not hold out that any part of the Fund Property consists or will consist of Investment Tokens, unless the relevant property consists or will consist of Investment Tokens, as defined in GEN Rule A2.1.1(3).

117

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

Guidance

Other descriptions of Fund Property that are likely to constitute the property being held out as consisting of Investment Tokens, include the use of terms such as ‘security tokens’, ‘derivative tokens’, ‘share tokens’ and ‘bond tokens’.

13.12 Credit Funds

Application

13.12.1 This section applies to the Fund Manager of a Credit Fund that is a Domestic Fund.

Guidance

See Rule 3.1.15 for the definition of a Credit Fund.

Investment vehicle

13.12.2 The Fund Manager must ensure that a Credit Fund is:

(a) either an Investment Company or an Investment Partnership;

(b) a Closed-ended Fund; and

(c)

either an Exempt Fund or a Qualified Investor Fund.

Eligible Custodian not required for Exempt Fund

13.12.3 (1)

The requirement in Article 27(1)(e) of the Law does not apply to the Fund Manager of a Credit Fund that is an Exempt Fund.

(2)

If the Fund Manager of a Credit Fund referred to in (1) itself holds Fund Property, it must have in place effective arrangements which ensure that the Fund Property is not available to the creditors of the Fund Manager, or of any other Fund it manages, in the event of the Fund Manager’s insolvency.

Guidance

Article 27(1)(e) of the Law requires a Fund Manager to appoint an Eligible Custodian with whom the legal title to the Fund Property is registered, unless the Rules provide otherwise. Rule 12A.3.1(2)(d) provides that this requirement does not apply to a Qualified Investor Fund that is a Credit Fund. Rule 13.12.3 makes similar provision for the requirement not to apply where a Credit Fund is an Exempt Fund.

Restrictions on credit a fund may provide

13.12.4 (1) The Fund Manager must ensure that the Credit Fund does not provide any of

the following Credit Facilities:

(a) a letter of credit;

(b) a financial guarantee; or

(c) trade finance unless the finance is for the trade of goods or services that

takes place wholly within the State or another country.

118

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(2)

In (1), “trade finance” means finance provided for the purpose of buying or selling goods or services.

Guidance

Rule 13.12.4 prohibits a Credit Fund from providing certain types of credit that involve greater operational or other risk. This includes a prohibition against providing trade finance unless the finance relates solely to the trading of goods or services within the UAE or another country. The reason for the distinction between trade finance within a country and cross border trade finance is that cross border trade finance is operationally more complex and involves a higher degree of risk. The prohibition does not, however, prevent the use of certain forms of credit that are often used for trade finance such as discounting and factoring of invoices, where they are used only to finance trade within a country or for purposes unrelated to trade finance.

13.12.5 The Fund Manager must ensure that the Credit Fund does not Provide Credit to any

of the following:

(a)

a natural person;

(b)

the Fund Manager, a Related Party of