CIR/VER38/08-24

14.6.4

14.6.5

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(3) Without prejudice to (1) and (2), a Person will not incur any liability under Article 58(1) of the Law for any loss in respect of any Units caused by any such statement or omission as is there mentioned if:

(a)

before the Units were acquired a correction or, where the statement was such as is mentioned in (2), the fact that the expert was not competent or had not consented had been published in a manner calculated to bring it to the attention of Persons likely to acquire the Units in question; or

(b)

he took all such steps as it was reasonable for him to take to secure such publication and believed on reasonable grounds that such publication had taken place before the Units were acquired.

(4)

A Person will not incur any liability under Article 58(1) of the Law for any loss resulting from a statement made by an official Person or contained in a public official document which is included in the Prospectus if the statement is accurately and fairly reproduced.

(5)

A Person will not incur any liability under Article 58(1) of the Law if the Person suffering the loss acquired the Units in question with knowledge:

(a)

that the statement was false or misleading;

(b)

of the omitted matter or of the change; or

(c)

of the new matter or inaccuracy.

Experts

For the purposes of Article 58 of the Law, an expert is prescribed as a Person accepting responsibility for any statement or report reproduced (in whole or in part) in a Prospectus with that Person’s written consent.

A Fund Manager must:

(a)

keep a record of any consent received under Rule 14.6.4; and

(b)

include a statement in the Prospectus that the expert has consented to the reproduction of his statement or report.

142

CIR/VER38/08-24

15

15.1

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

MARKETING OF FOREIGN FUNDS

Access to Foreign Funds and availability of Prospectus

Guidance

1.

Rules 4.1.3 and 4.1.4 exclude from being treated as Offers any Transactions undertaken by an Authorised Firm where such Transactions are Execution-only Transactions, or Transactions for the purposes of managing a Discretionary Portfolio for a Client, or for the purposes of redeeming a Unit of a Fund for a Client. Similarly, an offer made by an Authorised Firm to a Market Counterparty is also excluded from being an Offer. Finally, Rule 4.1.5 excludes an offer of a Unit of a Passported Fund under the Fund Protocol, where the DIFC is the Host Jurisdiction, from being treated as an Offer. This is because such an offer will be subject to the requirements of the Home Jurisdiction. As a result, such excluded Transactions and offers do not attract the marketing prohibition in Article 50 of the Law and the requirements in both the Law and this module relating to the marketing of Units.

2.

Article 54(1) of the Law prohibits the Offer of Units of a Foreign Fund unless one of three specified criteria in that Article are met, i.e.

a.

the Foreign Fund meets either:

i.

the criteria for a Designated Fund in a Recognised Jurisdiction; or

ii. other criteria prescribed in the Rules;

b.

the Authorised Firm has a reasonable basis for recommending the Unit of the Foreign Fund as suitable for the particular Client to whom the Offer is made; or

c.

the Foreign Fund is a type of Fund that:

i. has its Units offered to persons only by way of a private placement;

ii. has its Units offered to persons who meet the criteria to be classified as

Professional Clients; and

iii. requires an initial subscription of at least US$50,000 to be paid by a person

to become a Unitholder in the Fund.

3.

Under Article 54(2) of the Law, the DFSA has the power to prescribe any additional criteria, requirements or conditions that apply to the Offer of Units of a Foreign Fund, including disclosure that must be included in a Prospectus and the legal form and structure of the Fund such as being Open-ended or Closed ended or listed or not. This section