 able to discharge the duties and responsibilities relating to the oversight function efficiently and effectively in accordance with the requirements of the Law and this module, and in the case of a Trustee, the requirements in the Investment Trust Law 2006.

Guidance

1.

The Persons providing the oversight function should hold in the DIFC such number of meetings during every annual accounting period as are considered appropriate for the nature and scale of the activities of the Fund.

2.

The Persons providing the oversight function should keep minutes of their meetings and records of their reports and recommendations for a minimum of six years.

Principles and disclosure of interests

Each individual appointed to carry out the oversight function for a Fund, in carrying out his oversight functions, must abide by the four principles set out in Rules 10.3.7 to 10.3.10. These principles apply:

(a)

in the case of an Oversight Committee referred to in Rule 10.3.1(a), to each member of that Committee; and

(b)

where a Trustee or Eligible Custodian is appointed for providing the oversight function for a Fund, to each individual responsible for carrying out the oversight function for the Fund. .

74

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

Guidance

1.

The principles do not apply to an individual in respect of any other functions he may carry out, although his conduct in those functions may be relevant to his fitness and propriety.

2.

Breaching a principle makes an individual liable to disciplinary action and may indicate that he is no longer fit and proper to perform an oversight function and the DFSA may consider exercising its power under Article 39(2) of the Law to object to the appointment and require the Fund Manager to appoint a replacement.

3.

The onus will be on the DFSA to show that he is culpable, taking into account the standard of conduct required under the principle in question. In determining whether or not the particular conduct of an individual complies with the principles, the DFSA will take into account whether that conduct is consistent with the requirements and standards relevant to an individual’s role and the information available to him.

Principle 1 - Integrity

10.3.7

An individual must observe high standards of integrity and fair dealing in carrying out every oversight function and disclose to the Oversight Committee or the senior persons responsible within the Trustee or Eligible Custodian for the discharge of the oversight function any direct or indirect financial interest that he has or is likely to have in a matter that is being considered, or about to be considered by that committee or those persons if his interest could conflict with the proper performance of his duties in relation to the consideration of the matter.

Principle 2 – Due skill, care and diligence

10.3.8

An individual must act with due skill, care and diligence in carrying out every oversight function.

Principle 3 – Market conduct

10.3.9

An individual must observe proper standards of conduct in financial markets in carrying out every oversight function.

Principle 4 – Relations with the DFSA

10.3.10 An individual must deal with the DFSA in an open and co-operative manner and must disclose appropriately any information of which the DFSA would reasonable be expected to be notified.

Systems and controls relating to oversight

10.3.11

(1) Without limiting the generality of the obligation under Article 38(1) of the Law and any requirements relating to systems and controls set out in the Rules, the systems and controls established and maintained by the Fund Manager must be adequate to ensure that the Persons providing the oversight function:

(a)

have adequate resources and access to accurate, timely and comprehensive information relating to the management of the Fund to be able to effectively monitor and assess the matters specified in Rule 10.3.4(a) and (b); and

75

CIR/VER38/08-24

10.3.12

10.3.13

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(b)

can report any actual or suspected compliance breaches or inadequacies that are identified by such Persons to the Fund Manager as required under Rule 10.3.4(c) and, for this purpose, have recourse to the Fund Manager’s Governing Body or any other relevant committee established by that Governing Body where relevant.

(