 the transfer of an Incorporated Cell.

16.1.2

Pursuant to Article 113 of the Regulatory Law 2004, the DFSA prescribes, in Rule 16.1.3, the modification to Part 9 of that Law necessary for the purposes of transferring a Fund’s property or liability to another Fund.

16.1.3

(1)

Part 9 of the Regulatory Law 2004 is to be read and, to have effect, as if it were subject to the provisions set out in this Rule.

(2) Where, for the purpose of a transfer scheme, it is proposed that the property of a Fund should become the property of another Fund or the property of a Sub-Fund of an Umbrella Fund, the proposal must not be implemented without the sanction of a Special Resolution of the Unitholders in the Fund, unless (3) applies.

(3) Where, for the purposes of a transfer scheme, it is proposed that Fund Property attributable to a Sub-Fund of an Umbrella Fund should become the property of another Fund, the proposal must not be implemented without the sanction of:

(a)

a Special Resolution of the Unitholders in the Sub-Fund of that Umbrella Fund; and

(b)

in the case of an Umbrella Fund that does not use the form of a Protected Cell Company, unless implementation of the transfer scheme is not likely to result in any material prejudice to the interests of the Unitholders in any other Sub-Fund of that Umbrella Fund, a Special Resolution of the Unitholders of other Sub-Funds of that that Umbrella Fund.

151

CIR/VER38/08-24

(4)

(5)

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

If it is proposed that a Fund or a Sub-Fund of an Umbrella Fund should receive property, other than its first property pursuant to a transfer scheme, or an arrangement equivalent to a scheme of arrangement entered into with some other Fund or Sub-Fund, or a Body Corporate, the proposal must not be implemented without the sanction of a Special Resolution of the Unitholders in the relevant Fund or Sub-Fund and, in the case of an Umbrella Fund which is not in the form of a Protected Cell Company, the class or classes of Units related to the Sub-Fund, unless (5) applies.

In (4), if the Fund Manager and if appointed the Trustee agree that the receipt of the property concerned for the account of the Fund:

(a)

is not likely to result in any material prejudice to the interest of the Unitholders of the Fund;

(b)

is consistent with the objectives of the Fund or Sub-Fund of an Umbrella Fund; and

(c)

could be effected without any breach of the requirements relating to the borrowing and investment restrictions relating to the Fund or Sub-Fund in chapter 10.5;

then the transfer may be effective and the issue of Units in exchange for assets as part of a transfer scheme may be undertaken.

152

CIR/VER38/08-24

17

17.1

17.1.1

17.1.2

17.1.3

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

Winding up of Domestic Funds

Guidance

Part 8 of the Law sets out all the provisions relating to transfer schemes and the winding up of Funds. Article 61(c) enables the DFSA to prescribe additional circumstances to those contained in the Law in relation to when a Fund may be wound up. This section contains such Rules.

Application

This Chapter applies to a Fund Manager and, where appointed, the Trustee of a Domestic Fund and, if the Fund is an Umbrella Fund using the form of a Protected Cell Company, in respect of each cell as though each cell is a separate Fund.

Guidance

Additional requirements in the ICC Regulations apply to the winding up of a Fund that is an Incorporated Cell of an Incorporated Cell Company (ICC). In particular, the ICC Regulations provide that an ICC shall not be wound up until after all of its Incorporated Cells are either transferred or converted into another Company or wound up.

Pursuant to Article 61(c) of the Law, the DFSA prescribes in this chapter the additional circumstances in which a Domestic Fund may be wound up.

(1)

Upon the happening of any of the events specified in (2