 of Unitholders in accordance with the requirements in the Investment Trust Law 2006 and make the register in electronic or hard copy form available for inspection by Unitholders during normal business hours at the Trustee’s place of business in the DIFC or otherwise in a designated location in the DIFC.

Meetings of Unitholders

In the case of a Public Fund, the Fund Manager must hold at least two meetings of the Governing Body of every Public Fund which has such a Body every 12 month period from the date of registration of that Fund with the DFSA.

The Fund Manager of a Fund other than an Exempt Fund must hold at least one general meeting of the Unitholders of the Fund in every 12 month period (i.e. an annual general meeting). The annual general meeting must be held in the case of a Public Fund within 12 months from the date of registration of the Fund. The annual report required under Rule 9.4.2(1)(a) must be presented at that annual general meeting.

The Fund Manager and if appointed the Trustee of a Fund other than an Exempt Fund:

(a)

may convene a general meeting of Unitholders at any time; and

(b)

must convene a general meeting of Unitholders of the Fund immediately upon a request being made by Unitholders in accordance with (2).

The Unitholders of the Fund may request the Fund Manager, or if appointed the Trustee, to convene a general meeting of Unitholders at any time. Such a request must:

(a)

state the purpose of the meeting;

(b)

be dated;

(c)

be signed by a number of registered Unitholders representing at least one-tenth in value of all of the Units then in issue; and

(d)

be deposited at the place of business of the Fund Manager, or if applicable, the Trustee or Appointed Fund Administrator of the Fund.

49

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(3)

If the Fund is an Investment Trust, the primary responsibility to convene meetings in accordance with this Rule rests with the Fund Manager, failing which, with the Trustee.

(4)

A meeting of Unitholders of a Fund duly convened and held in accordance with the Law and Rules is competent by Special Resolution to require, authorise or approve any act, matter or document in respect of which any such resolution is required. Such a resolution has no other powers or effect.

(5) Where no Special Resolution is specifically required or permitted by the Law or Rules, any resolution of Unitholders required under the Rules is passed by a simple majority of the votes validly cast for and against the resolution at a general meeting of Unitholders.

8.8.4 The Fund Manager of an Exempt Fund must hold meetings of Unitholders in accordance with the requirements included in the Fund’s Constitution and its most recent Prospectus.

Guidance

Exempt Funds are required to have an Information Memorandum under which its Units are marketed to prospective Unitholders by way of private placement. Under Article 50(3) of the Law, such a document is a Prospectus.

Unitholder meetings procedures

8.8.5

(1)

A Fund Manager must set out, if it is a Public Fund, in its procedures manual the procedures for holding Unitholder meetings and the conduct of such meetings including but not limited to, the following matters:

(a)

voting rights;

(b)

right to demand a poll;

(c)

proxies;

(d)

minutes; and

(e)

variation of class rights and class meetings.

(2)

The meeting procedures under (1) must comply with the provisions in App2. Any provisions in such procedures that are inconsistent with the procedures in App2 are void.

(3)

In the case of a Public Fund, the Fund Manager must distribute the meetings procedures manual to all Unitholders.

(4)

If the Fund is structured as an Investment Trust, the Fund Manager must obtain the prior approval of the Trustee in respect of its meetings procedures.

8.9

Approvals and notifications

50

CIR/VER38/08-24

8.9.1

8.10

8.10.1

8.11

8.11.1

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULE