 the Law, Fund Property is clearly identified as such and held separately from property of the Fund Manager and any other Funds. Where Fund Property consists of cash or liquid assets, the assets must also be held under arrangements that clearly identify them as belonging to the Fund, and must be properly segregated from similar assets belonging to the Fund Manager and any other Funds.

2.

Where a Fund invests in infrastructure projects (for example, the development of public facilities such as roads, railways or bridges), the Fund Manager may hold self-custody of the Fund Property which consists of the interest in the infrastructure project. However, where it does so, the Fund Manager is not exempt from the overarching obligation under CIR 8.2.2(1) to Unitholders of the QIF to ensure safe custody of the Fund Property. This envisages proper identification and segregation of the interest in the infrastructure project as Fund Property of the QIF.

88

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

PART 6: RULES SPECIFIC TO SPECIALIST CLASSES OF DOMESTIC

FUNDS

Guidance

1.

Article 17 of the Law confers on the DFSA the power to prescribe any type of Domestic Fund (i.e. a Public Fund, an Exempt Fund, or a Qualified Investor Fund) as a “specialist class” of a Domestic Fund and in so doing apply any requirements as are suitable for that specialist class of Funds. This Part sets out the requirements that apply to such a Fund by virtue of being a specialist class of Fund.

2.

Most of the requirements that are set out in this part as applying to specialist classes of Domestic Funds are generally in addition to the core requirements that apply to every Domestic Fund (see Part 4). Further, depending on whether it is a Public Fund, an Exempt Fund or a Qualified Investor Fund, the additional requirements in Part 5 of this module would also apply to a specialist class of Fund.

3.

A Qualified Investor Fund may be constituted as a specialist class of a Domestic Fund without being subject to most of the detailed requirements that would normally apply to such specialist classes of Funds. However, there are some requirements which need to be met as the obligation to do so arises under the general provisions applicable to certain specialist classes of Funds, regardless of whether such Funds are Public Funds, Exempt Funds or Qualified Investor Funds. An example is a Fund constituted as an Islamic Fund. While some of the detailed requirements such as the appointment of a Shari’a Supervisory Board do not apply to the Fund Manager of an Islamic Qualified Investor Fund (see IFR 6.2.1), the other general requirements such as ensuring compliance with Shari’a requirements continue to apply to such Funds and the Fund Manager.

4.

The only specialist class requirements in this chapter that apply to a Qualified Investor Fund are those in Rule 13.6.3, section 13.7 (Umbrella Funds), section 13.11 (Investment Token Funds) and section 13.13 (Funds investing in Crypto Tokens).

5.

Generally, a Fund Manager using the Incorporated Cell Company structure can manage any specialist classes of Funds using the infrastructure of the Fund Platform. However, some types of specialist classes of Funds may not be easily established on a Fund Platform, such as a Fund of Funds, Master Fund or an Umbrella Fund because of their unique structures. If an applicant wishes to establish one of these specialist classes of Funds on a Fund Platform, the DFSA will consider what practical difficulties would arise in that context, including any additional clarification or Rule changes if needed.

13.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR SPECIALIST FUNDS

13.1

Application to Qualified Investor Funds

13.1.1

Only Rules 13.4.1, 13.5.1, 13.6.3 and sections 13.7, 13.10, 13.11, 13.12 and 13.13 of this chapter apply to, or in relation to, a Qualified Investor Fund.

89

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

13.1A Fund of Funds

Guidance

See Rule 3.1.3 for the definition of a Fund of Funds.

13.1.1A

(1)

A