 each cell is a separate Fund.

Guidance

Additional requirements in the ICC Regulations apply to the winding up of a Fund that is an Incorporated Cell of an Incorporated Cell Company (ICC). In particular, the ICC Regulations provide that an ICC shall not be wound up until after all of its Incorporated Cells are either transferred or converted into another Company or wound up.

Pursuant to Article 61(c) of the Law, the DFSA prescribes in this chapter the additional circumstances in which a Domestic Fund may be wound up.

(1)

Upon the happening of any of the events specified in (2) and not otherwise, the Fund Manager and, if appointed the Trustee must cease to issue, sell, cancel or redeem Units in the Fund or to invest or borrow for the Fund and proceed to wind up the Fund in accordance with the Law and this section.

(2)

The events referred to in (1) are:

(a)

in response to a request made to the DFSA by the Trustee, Fund Manager or other member of its Governing Body for the removal of a Fund from the list of registered Funds, the DFSA has agreed, albeit subject to there being no material change in any relevant factor, that, on the conclusion of the winding up of the Fund, the DFSA will accede to that request;

(b)

the expiration of any period specified in the Constitution as the period at the end of which the Fund is to terminate; or

(c)

the effective date of a duly approved transfer scheme, which is to result in the Fund that is subject to the transfer scheme being left with no property.

Guidance

The grounds for winding up of a Domestic Fund under this Rule are in addition to the grounds specified in the Law. Under Article 64(1)(a) and (b) of the Law, a Fund which is no longer commercially viable or the purpose of which is either already accomplished or cannot be

153

CIR/VER38/08-24

17.1.4

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

accomplished can be wound up. Similarly, under Article 34(3) of the Law, if a Domestic Fund which is an Exempt Fund or a Qualified Investor Fund can no longer meet the relevant conditions to be classified as a Fund of that type, the Fund Manager of such a Fund must either register it as a Public Fund (or alternatively reconstitute it as an Exempt Fund if it is a Qualified Investor Fund) or it must be wound up.

(1)

In a case falling within Rule 17.1.3(2)(c), the Fund Manager and if appointed the Trustee of the Fund must wind up the Fund in accordance with the approved transfer scheme.

(2)

In any other case falling within Rule 17.1.4 or specified in Article 64(1) or Part 8of the Law:

(a)

the Fund manager or Trustee must, as soon as practicable after the Fund falls to be wound up, realise the Fund Property;

(b)

after paying therefrom or retaining adequate provision for all liabilities properly so payable and for the costs of the winding up, the Fund Manager must distribute the proceeds of that realisation to the Unitholders (upon production by them of such evidence as the Fund Manager may reasonably require as to their entitlement thereto) proportionately to their respective interests in the Fund as at the date of the relevant event referred to in Rule 17.1.3; and

(c)

any unclaimed net proceeds or other cash (including unclaimed distribution payments) held by the Fund Manager or Trustee after the expiration of twelve months from the date on which they became payable must be paid by the Fund Manager or Trustee into court, subject to the Fund Manager or Trustee having a right to retain any expenses incurred by it relating to that payment.

(3) Where the Fund Manager or Trustee and one or more Unitholders agree, the requirement of (2) to realise the Fund Property does not apply to that part of the property proportionate to the entitlement of such Unitholders. The Fund Manager or Trustee may distribute that part in the form of property, after making adjustments or retaining provisions as appear to the Fund Manager or Trustee appropriate for ensuring that, that or those Unitholders bear a proportional share of the liabilities and costs.

(4)

The Fund Manager