 taking into account the following factors:

(a)

the credit quality of the Issuer, and any guarantor, of the Investment;

(b)

the nature and quality of the asset class represented by the Investment;

(c)

the liquidity of the Investment; and

(d)

any other risks associated with the Investment or the market in which it is traded.

Guidance

1.

A Fund Manager must carry out the due diligence required under Rule 13.8.2 as part of its internal procedures. However, this does not prevent it from using a service provider to carry out the necessary due diligence, provided the outsourcing requirements in these Rules are met.

2.

A Fund Manager will not meet the due diligence requirements in the Rule if it relies solely on credit ratings issued by a credit rating agency. This is because assessment of credit quality is only part of the due diligence required under the Rule.

3.

A Fund Manager should keep appropriate records of the due diligence it has conducted on an Investment to demonstrate that it has complied with the Rule.

13.9 Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)

Restriction on holding out to be an ETF

13.9.1

A Fund Manager, or any Person making an Offer of a Unit of a Fund or otherwise marketing a Fund, must not describe the Fund in its offer document or marketing material as an “Exchange Traded Fund” (or “ETF”) or otherwise hold out the

112

CIR/VER38/08-24

13.9.2

13.9.3

13.9.4

13.9.5

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

Fund as being an Exchange Traded Fund or ETF, unless the Fund meets the criteria in Rule 3.1.12.

Guidance

See also Guidance item 4 under Rule 13.9.6 for the difference between an Exchange Traded Fund or ETF and other exchange traded Open-ended Funds.

Systems and controls

A Fund Manager of an ETF must take reasonable steps to ensure that any Authorised Participant it appoints has adequate systems and controls to ensure that the Units of the ETF are traded on-market at a price that does not significantly vary from the most recent Net Asset Value (NAV) of the ETF, or the indicative Net Asset Value (iNAV) of the ETF, if available.

Guidance

See also Guidance item 3 under Rule 13.9.6 for a description of iNAV and Rule 14.4.8(f) for information relating to iNAV that is required to be included in a Prospectus.

Investment objective and strategy of an ETF

A Fund Manager of an ETF must ensure that the investment objective and strategy of the Fund is to track the performance of an index or benchmark specified in its Prospectus.

Guidance

Rule 13.9.3 requires an ETF to track the performance of an index or benchmark. It therefore does not permit a Fund that is ‘actively managed’ to be established as an ETF. For more discussion about actively managed Funds – see the Guidance after Rule 13.9.6.

Criteria for underlying indices or other benchmarks

(1) A Fund Manager of an ETF may use an index or other benchmark for the purposes referred to in Rule 13.9.3 only if it is provided by a Price Information Provider that meets the requirements in App 9.

(2)

In (1), a Price Information Provider is a price reporting agency or an index or benchmark provider which constructs, compiles, assesses or reports, on a regular and systematic basis, prices of Investments, Crypto Tokens, rates, indices, commodities or figures, which are made available to users, including a Fund Manager.

Index or benchmark provided by a Related Party

The Fund Manager of an ETF must treat an arrangement between the Fund Manager and a Related Party to use an index or benchmark provided by the Related Party as a Related Party Transaction.

Guidance

1.

An index or other benchmark referenced by an ETF is not the property of the ETF. If the index or benchmark is provided by a Related Party (for example, if it is custom made for the Fund Manager), it can give rise to conflict of interests that may pose the risk of

113

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

distortion of information in favour of the Fund Manager, to the possible detriment of