ance

In considering what constitutes a non-performing exposure under this Rule or elsewhere under this section, the relevant classifications in PIB section 4.5 are likely to be useful to classify, manage and report problem debt.

Risk warnings in marketing materials

13.12.13 A Fund Manager must take reasonable steps to ensure that marketing material

relating to a Credit Fund includes a prominent risk warning setting out:

(a)

the particular risks that arise from Providing Credit or acquiring loans;

(b)

that return of capital in an investment in the Fund is not guaranteed; and

(c)

that it is possible that investors in Units of the Fund may suffer investment losses or that the Units may become illiquid.

13.13 Funds investing in Crypto Tokens

Restrictions on use of certain terms

13.13.1 A Fund Manager of a Fund must ensure that its offer document or marketing material does not refer to it as a “Crypto Token Fund” or “Crypto Fund”, or otherwise hold it out as being a Fund which has as its main purpose investing in Crypto Tokens, unless the Fund meets the criterion in Rule 3.1.16.

122

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

Use of benchmarks for valuations

13.13.2 A Fund Manager of a Fund that has any Fund Property that consists of Crypto Tokens must ensure that it does not use an index or benchmark provided by a Price Information Provider to value the Crypto Tokens unless the Price Information Provider meets the requirements in App 9.

Guidance

1.

A Fund in the DIFC is, except as specified in GEN Rule 3A.2.1(3), only permitted to invest in a Recognised Crypto Token i.e. a Crypto Token that the DFSA has recognised under GEN section 3A.

2.

A “Price Information Provider” is a price reporting agency or an index or benchmark provider which constructs, compiles, assesses or reports, on a regular and systematic basis, prices of Investments, Crypto Tokens, rates, indices, commodities or figures, which are made available to users, including a Fund Manager – see the definition in Rule 13.9.4.

3.

The requirement in Rule 13.13.2 applies to a Fund that has any Fund Property that consists of Crypto Tokens. That is, it does not apply only to a Fund which has investing in Crypto Tokens as its main purpose (i.e. a Crypto Token Fund).

123

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

PART 7: MARKETING OF DOMESTIC AND FOREIGN FUNDS

Guidance

1.

Part 7 of the Law sets out the overarching provisions that apply to the Offer (also called marketing) of Units of both Domestic and Foreign Funds; and in the case of the latter, where Units of such Funds are marketed in or from the DIFC.

2.

Article 50 of the Law contains the Marketing Prohibition. Under this prohibition, no Person is permitted to Offer a Unit of a Fund to prospective or existing Unitholders unless:

a.

a Prospectus that complies with the relevant requirements in the Law and the Rules is made available to the person to whom the Offer is made;

b.

the Person making the Offer of the Unit is either the Fund Manager of the Fund or an Authorised Firm whose licence authorises it to do so; and

c.

the Offer is made in accordance with the applicable requirements in the Law or the Rules.

3.

Article 19 of the Law defines the activities that constitute an Offer. Under this Article, a Person is to be regarded as making an Offer of a Unit if he:

a. makes an offer to another Person which, if accepted, would give rise to a contract for the issue or sale of Units by him or by another Person with whom he has made arrangements for the issue or sale of the Units; or

b.

invites another Person to make an offer which, if accepted by him, would give rise to a contract for the issue or sale of Units by him or by another Person with whom he has made arrangements for the issue or sale of the Units,

whether or not the offer or invitation referred to in Article 19(2)(a) or (b) is made by way of a financial promotion of the Units..

4.

