 the Fund Property).

2.

A Corporate Director of an Investment Company, which elects to be internally managed, is required to meet all the other requirements that are applicable to an applicant for a Fund Manager’s Licence, including the capital requirements (in PIB), and the adequate systems and controls requirements (in GEN). However, as such a Corporate Director can only act as the Fund Manager of the Investment Company (and not of any other Funds), the systems and controls requirements would apply proportionately to the nature and scale of the activities of that company.

3.

A Corporate Director that is a Fund Manager may delegate and outsource its functions and activities in the same manner and subject to the same requirements as other Fund Managers. A Corporate Director who outsources functions cannot thereby delegate responsibility for meeting the Fund Manager’s duties and obligations and its legal accountability to investors in the Fund. Please refer to GEN Rules 5.3.21 and 5.3.22 and CIR Rule 8.12.4 for outsourcing and delegation requirements applicable to Fund Managers.

37

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

8.2 Duties in relation to Fund Property

Fund Manager

8.2.1

(1)

A Fund Manager must make decisions as to the constituents of the Fund Property that are in accordance with the Constitution of the Fund and investment objectives and policy stated in the Prospectus.

(2)

A Fund Manager must take all steps and execute all documents to ensure that transactions relating to the Fund Property are properly entered into for the account of the relevant Fund or Sub-Fund.

(3)

A Fund Manager of an Investment Trust must ensure that instructions it gives to the Trustee in relation to the Fund Property are in accordance with the agreement creating the Investment Trust, the Fund’s Constitution, and the Prospectus.

8.2.2

(1)

In the case of an Investment Company or an Investment Partnership, the Fund Manager is responsible to the Unitholders for the safekeeping of the Fund Property.

(2) Without removing the generality of the obligation under (1) and subject to (3), a Fund Manager must, in the case of a Fund which is an Investment Company or Investment Partnership:

(a)

delegate the activity of Providing Custody in relation to the Fund Property to a Service Provider who is an Eligible Custodian; and

(b)

comply with the delegation procedures set out in section 8.12 in relation to such a delegation.

(3)

The requirement in (2) does not apply to:

(a)

a Property Fund in respect of Real Property:

(i)

that is held by the Fund Manager or by an Incorporated Cell Company in accordance with Rule 13.4.2 or 13.4.2A; or

(ii)

for which the Fund Manager has made adequate alternative arrangements in accordance with Rule 13.4.2B;

(b)

a Private Equity Fund where the Fund Manager has made adequate alternative arrangements that are in accordance with Rule 13.3.1; or

(c)

an Exempt Fund where the Fund Property:

(i)

comprises of an interest in the operation of a Real Property asset (such as an investment in an infrastructure project); and

(ii)

the Fund Manager makes alternative arrangements to ensure that the Fund Property is clearly distinguishable as belonging to the Fund, and is segregated from the assets of the Fund Manager and from the assets of any other Fund which the Fund Manager manages.

38

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(4)

Nothing in (3) is to be taken as permitting Fund Property that consists of Crypto Tokens to be held by a Person other than an Eligible Custodian.

Guidance

1.

Section 8.12 of this module governs the power of a Fund Manager to delegate certain of its Financial Service activities, and to outsource its functions.

2.

Where a Fund invests in infrastructure projects (for example, the development of public facilities such as roads, railways or bridges), the interest acquired by the Fund may not necessarily be suited to the conventional forms of holding custody of Real Property. Where this is the case, a Fund Manager may use adequate alternative custody arrangements that meet the requirements in CIR 8.2.2(3)(c)(2)(ii).

Trustee

8