 Fund Manager may have that Fund moved to the classification of a Public Fund, which requires the satisfaction of the requirements and formalities specific to that type of Fund. An Exempt Fund may also, if it wishes to, convert to a Qualified Investor Fund provided it meets the conditions applicable to a Qualified Investor Fund in Article 16(5) of the Law.

4.

In addition to the requirements specific to Exempt Funds, such a Fund must also meet, except where otherwise provided, the other requirements that are common to all Domestic Funds, which are set out in Part 4 of this module.

5.

Units of Exempt Funds can only be Offered by way of Private Placement and to Professional Clients, but must meet the additional criterion of a minimum subscription test of US$50,000. The definition of Professional Client is set out in Rule 1.3.1.

6.

Generally a firm will not be able to undertake mass marketing activities relating to Units of Exempt Funds because such marketing would not meet the Private Placement requirement, and would be likely to amount to a public offer, which can only be made in respect of a Unit of a Public Fund.

7.

A Fund Manager of an Exempt Fund, which is structured as an Open-ended Fund, is required to comply with the requirements relating to adequate systems and controls to manage, among others, the liquidity risk. See Rule 8.6A.1.

(1)

A Fund may be classified as an Exempt Fund only if it fulfils the criteria in Article 16(4) of the Law at the inception of the Fund and on an on-going basis.

83

CIR/VER38/08-24

12.1.2

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(2)

A Fund Manager must ensure that a Fund which is or is intended to be established and operated as an Exempt Fund meets the criteria in Article 16(4) both at the inception of the Fund and on an on-going basis.

(3)

For the purposes of (2), where a Fund Manager makes arrangements with other Authorised Firms or Persons in other jurisdictions to Offer to issue or sell the Units of an Exempt Fund, then it must take reasonable steps to ensure that those Authorised Firms or other Persons do not Offer to issue or sell the Units in a manner that would result in a breach of the criteria in Article 16(4).

(4)

As soon as a Fund Manager becomes aware that an Exempt Fund it manages no longer meets or is likely to not meet the criteria in Article 16(4) of the Law, it must immediately:

(a)

commence proceedings relating to the winding up of the Fund, or alternatively, take necessary steps to have the Fund registered as a Public Fund; and

(b)

notify the DFSA of that fact and the measures it has taken and proposes to take under (a).

(5)

A Fund Manager of an Exempt Fund which is subject to the valuation requirement in CIR Rule 8.4.1(1) must appoint a Fund Administrator or a Person regulated by a Financial Services Regulator as the Person undertaking the valuation of that Fund.

A Fund Manager of an Exempt Fund, when notifying the DFSA pursuant to Article 34 of the Law, must also include:

(a)

a general description of the Fund including the nature of its investments and the intended size of the Fund in monetary terms;

(b)

if it is a Hedge Fund which has appointed a prime broker pursuant to Rule 13.6.3:

(i)

the details relating to the identity of the prime broker and its Regulator; and

(ii)

a legal certification that all the requirements in Rule 13.6.3 relating to the use of prime brokers have been fully complied with by the Fund Manager;

(c)

if it is an External Fund, the name of the jurisdiction in which the Fund is established or domiciled; and

(d)

if it is an External Fund Manager, the name of the jurisdiction in which that Fund Manager is domiciled, and the details of the Appointed Fund Administrator or Trustee to that Fund for the purposes of Rule 6.1.3.

84

CIR/VER38/08-24

12.2

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

Exempt Fund Prospectus

Guidance

The disclosure requirements relating