 Constitution and most recent Prospectus of the Fund to Unitholders and prospective Unitholders;

(iv)

access to the Unitholder register; and

(v)

access to the books and records relating to the Fund as required by the DFSA and any person providing the oversight functions of the Fund,

in or from a place of business in the DIFC.

(2)

If the Fund is structured as an Investment Trust, the Fund Manager may appoint the Trustee as its Appointed Trustee for the purposes of (1).

(3)

An External Fund Manager must continue to meet the criteria in Article 20(5) of the Law.

Guidance

In addition to the requirements in this chapter which apply to the Appointed Fund Administrator or Appointed Trustee, Persons who are appointed to Funds as Fund Administrators or Trustees have other obligations (see for example chapter 5.1).

Use of a Fund Platform not permitted

An External Fund Manager must not use a Fund Platform.

External management of Credit Fund not permitted

An External Fund Manager must not manage a Domestic Fund that is a Credit Fund.

No external management of Funds investing in Crypto Tokens

An External Fund Manager must not manage a Domestic Fund that invests in Crypto Tokens.

Requirements for External Funds

Guidance

Article 14(1) of the Law provides that a Fund is an External Fund if that Fund:

a.

is established in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC; and

b.

is managed by a Fund Manager which is an Authorised Firm.

Application

This section applies to the Fund Manager of an External Fund.

26

CIR/VER38/08-24

6.2.2

6.2.3

6.2.4

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

The Fund Manager of an External Fund must:

(a) have systems and controls which are adequate to ensure compliance with the requirements that apply to the External Fund in the jurisdiction in which it is established or domiciled; and

(b)

inform the DFSA of the jurisdiction in which the Fund is or is to be established or domiciled and the nature of regulatory requirements applicable to the Fund in the host jurisdiction.

Guidance

1.

A Fund Manager of an External Fund is generally not subject to the requirements that otherwise apply to other Domestic Funds (see Article 14(2) of the Law). However, some limited requirements apply to External Funds. See for example the requirements referred to in Guidance note (2) below and the disclosure required under Rules 14.2.4 – 14.2.7. Should such a requirement conflict with any requirements that apply to an External Fund in the jurisdiction in which the Fund is domiciled, the Fund Manager may apply to the DFSA for appropriate waivers or modifications of the DFSA requirements.

2.

A Fund Manager of an External Fund should be mindful that overarching obligations applicable to Authorised Firms continue to apply to them, including Article 22 of the Law, Article 38 of the Law, GEN chapter 5 (Systems and controls requirements) and GEN section 4.2 (The Principles for Authorised Firms). As an Authorised Firm, the Fund Manager would need to observe high standards of integrity and fair dealing, and apply due skill, care and diligence, in managing an External Fund. Similarly, it is required to have adequate systems and controls to ensure that the affairs of the Fund are effectively managed, taking into account the nature, scale and complexity of the Fund’s operations and the investment objectives and needs of its investors

3.

The DFSA may, upon receipt of the information referred to in Rule 6.2.2(b), assess the desirability of establishing an External Fund in the particular jurisdiction chosen by the Fund Manager. Relevant considerations include:

a.

the Fund Manager's need to establish the Fund in the particular jurisdiction for reasons such as the physical location of the Fund assets or investor preference;

b.

any regulatory risks arising from establishing the External Fund in the relevant jurisdiction, particularly if the Fund is to be open to retail investors; and

c. whether the relevant jurisdiction complies with the FATF or other relevant

international standards or requirements.

Restriction on fund management of external Credit Fund

A Fund Manager must not manage an External Fund that is a Credit Fund unless the External Fund is a Qualified Investor Fund.

Restrictions on an External Fund investing in Crypto Tokens

