 by the executing broker that has been selected. A Fund Manager’s procedures should be adequate to demonstrate that when the transaction was executed, it was done at the best price available. For this purpose, a Fund Manager may require a print out of a computer screen containing information about the price available at the time of the execution to be maintained.

2.

For the purposes of (b), a Fund Manager should have a policy in place which demonstrates how it achieves timely and fair allocation of trades. For example, where a Fund Manager places an order on behalf of a number of Funds it operates, its policy should state the basis of allocation of trades to each Fund and, where any deviation from that policy occurs, record the reasons for such deviations.

3.

For the purposes of (c), a Fund Manager’s policies and procedures should encompass requirements such as maintenance of sufficient records to demonstrate that any brokerage, commissions or other benefits directly or indirectly derived from any transactions it has undertaken on behalf of the Fund are not unusual, when considered in light of industry practice. However, where there are other requirements relating to disclosure of benefits, a Fund Manager should comply with those requirements separately, as maintenance of records for the purposes of this Rule may not be sufficient to discharge those obligations.

4.

For the purposes of (d), where a Fund Manager seeks to underwrite or participate in an initial public offering, its policies should ensure that it does not do so in a manner that is in any way detrimental to the Fund. The Fund Manager will also need to ensure that the best execution obligations under (a) are met.

Valuation of Fund Property

43

CIR/VER38/08-24

8.4.1

8.4.2

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(1)

A Fund Manager must:

(a) ensure that the Fund Property is valued at regular intervals as appropriate to the nature of the Fund, except where such valuation is suspended in any circumstances that are set out in the Fund’s Constitution or Prospectus;

(b)

prepare a valuation in accordance with (3) for each relevant type of Unit at each relevant valuation point; and

(c)

as soon as practicable after each valuation point, both publish and make available to the Unitholders and prospective Unitholders of the Fund, the price of the Units of the Fund.

(2)

The value of the Fund Property is the net value of the Fund Property after deducting any expenses and outstanding borrowings, including any capital outstanding on a mortgage of any Real Property.

(3)

The value of the Fund Property must, except as otherwise provided in this section, be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution and the Prospectus, as appropriate.

(4)

For the purposes of (2), any charges that were paid, or would be payable, on acquiring or disposing of the asset must be excluded from the value of that asset.

(5)

A Fund Manager must not make a dilution levy or dilution adjustment unless stated as permitted in the Fund’s Prospectus. Such a measure must be applied in a fair manner to reduce dilution and solely for that purpose.

Guidance

1.

A dilution levy or adjustment means a charge of such amount or such rate as is determined by a Fund Manager of a Fund to be made for the purpose of reducing the effect of dilution, i.e., the amount of dealing costs incurred, or expected to be incurred, by a Fund Manager, to the extent that these costs may reasonably be expected to result, or to have resulted, from the acquisition or disposal of Investments by the Fund Manager as a consequence (whether or not immediate) of the increase or decrease in the cash resources of the Fund resulting from the issue or cancellation of Units over a period.

2.

Dealing costs referred to in Guidance 1 include both the costs of dealing in an Investment, professional fees incurred, or expected to be incurred, in relation to the acquisition or disposal of Real Property and, where there is a spread between the buying and selling prices of the Investment, the indirect cost resulting from the differences between those prices.

(1)

A Fund Manager must:

(a)

ensure that at each valuation point there are at least as many Units in issue of any class as there are Units registered to Unitholders of that class; and

44

CIR/VER38/08-24

8.5

8.5.1

