)

(ii)

which such Directors or partners ought reasonably have obtained by making reasonable enquiries.

(3)

The Prospectus must, except as provided in (4), be in the English language.

(4)

The Key Investor Information Document (KIID) for a Passported Fund must be in both Arabic and English.

(5)

The expiry date of a Prospectus must be no later than 12 months after the date of the Prospectus.

(6)

A reference to a Director in this Rule includes the Corporate Director of an Investment Company, and the individual directors of that Corporate Director.

Guidance

In conducting inquiries relating to the obligations under (2), a Fund Manager must give particular regard to the information which would be required and expected by a Retail Client in order to make an informed decision about the merits of investing and the extent and characteristics of risk.

Supplementary and Replacement Prospectuses

Guidance

1.

Article 52(4) of the Law requires a Fund manager to issue, if, at any time after the issue of a Prospectus there is a material change affecting any matter contained in the Prospectus or a significant new matter arises, a Supplementary or a Replacement Prospectus in the manner prescribed in the Rules.

2.

Under Article 50(3) of the Law, any reference in the Law and the Rules to a Prospectus includes an Information Memorandum of an Exempt Fund and any Supplementary or Replacement Prospectus, unless otherwise provided. Accordingly, all requirements that apply to a Prospectus apply equally to each of those documents except where stated otherwise.

(1) Where a Fund Manager, for the purpose of Article 52(4) of the Law,

issues a Supplementary Prospectus, the Fund Manager must:

(a)

clearly identify in the Supplementary Prospectus the Prospectus that it supplements, the revisions to that Prospectus, the date of any material change or new matter giving rise to any revision, and the date of the document which must be the date of filing with the DFSA;

(b)

if it is a Public Fund, file a copy with the DFSA;

(c)

provide a copy to each Person who applied for Units under the previous Prospectus after the earliest date of any material change or new matter giving rise to the revision; and

(d)

ensure the Supplementary Prospectus is made available in the same media and through the same channels as, and together with, the previous Prospectus.

127

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(2) Where a Fund Manager, for the purpose of Article 52(3) of the Law,

issues a Replacement Prospectus, the Fund Manager must:

(a)

clearly state that it is a Replacement Prospectus, and identify the Prospectus that it replaces, the date and nature of any material change or new matter giving rise to the replacement, the expiry date, and the date of the document which must be the date of filing with the DFSA;

(b)

if it is a Public Fund, file a copy with the DFSA; and

(c)

provide a copy to each Person who applied for Units under the previous Prospectus after the earliest date of any material change or new matter giving rise to the replacement.

(3)

The expiry date of a Supplementary Prospectus or Replacement Prospectus under (1) or (2) must be the same as that of the Prospectus it supplements or replaces.

14.2.3 When a Supplementary Prospectus or Replacement Prospectus of a Public Fund has been filed with the DFSA and made available in accordance with Rule 14.2.4, the Fund Manager must:

(a)

inform any Person who applied for Units on the basis of the previous Prospectus after the earliest date of a material change or new matter giving rise to the issue of the Supplementary Prospectus or Replacement Prospectus of their right to confirm or retract any application made on the basis of that Prospectus and to obtain a refund of monies paid, and the manner in which to do so; and

(b)

allow any such Person a period of at least seven days from the date of receipt of the Supplementary Prospectus or Replacement Prospectus in which to so confirm or retract his application.

Prospectus of an External Fund

14.2.4

A Fund Manager or other Authorised Firm must not Offer in or from the DIFC a Unit of an External Fund to a Retail