 entity under (d)(i), (ii) and (iii) to all Crypto Tokens does not exceed 5% of the gross value of the Fund or entity.

6

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

PART 2: DEFINITIONAL PROVISIONS

Guidance

A Collective Investment Fund is defined in Article 11 of the Law. The definition under Article 11 is very wide, however, Article 12 enables the DFSA to make Rules excluding certain arrangements or types of arrangements from constituting a Fund. These excluded arrangements are set out below in section 2.1.

2

ARRANGEMENTS NOT CONSTITUTING A COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT FUND

2.1

Exclusions

2.1.1

Pursuant to Article 12 of the Law, the DFSA prescribes that an arrangement which otherwise amounts to a Collective Investment Fund as defined in Article 11 of the Law does not constitute a Collective Investment Fund if it falls within one or more of the exclusions specified in this chapter.

Deposits

2.1.2

An arrangement does not constitute a Collective Investment Fund if the whole amount of each participant's contribution is a Deposit which is accepted by an Authorised Firm authorised under its Licence to carry on the Financial Service of Accepting Deposits.

Common accounts

2.1.3

An arrangement does not constitute a Collective Investment Fund if:

(a)

the rights or interests of each participant in the arrangement are rights or interests in money held in a common account; and

(b)

the money is held in the account on the understanding that an amount representing the contribution of each participant is to be applied in making payments to him or in satisfaction of sums owed by him or in the acquisition of property for him or the provision of services to him.

Commercial activities unrelated to Financial Services

2.1.4

An arrangement does not constitute a Collective Investment Fund if each of the participants in the arrangement:

(a)

carries on a business which does not involve the carrying on of any of the activities specified under GEN Rule 2.2.2(d) to (k) or (n) to (q) or an activity which would be such an activity were it not for any applicable exclusion; and

(b)

enters into the arrangement for commercial purposes related to that business where that participant carries on that business by virtue of being a participant in the arrangement.

7

CIR/VER38/08-24

2.1.5

2.1.6

2.1.7

2.1.8

2.1.9

2.1.10

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

Group arrangements

An arrangement does not constitute a Collective Investment Fund if each of the participants is a Body Corporate in the same Group as the Person undertaking the fund management function in relation to the arrangement.

Franchise arrangements

An arrangement does not constitute a Collective Investment Fund if the arrangement is a franchise arrangement.

Clearing services

An arrangement does not constitute a Collective Investment Fund if the purpose of the arrangement is the provision of clearing services and the services are operated by an Authorised Market Institution.

Certificates or Options

An arrangement does not constitute a Collective Investment Fund if the rights or interests of the participants in the arrangement are Investments of the kind specified under GEN Rule A2.2.1(d) or A2.3.1(a).

Time-share and other ‘property-enjoyment’ related arrangements

An arrangement does not constitute a Collective Investment Fund:

(a)

if the rights or interests of each of the participants in the arrangement are time share rights; or

(b)

if:

(i)

the predominant purpose of the arrangement is to enable the participants to share in the use or enjoyment of property or to make its use or enjoyment available gratuitously to others; and

(ii)

the property to which the arrangement relates does not consist of or include the currency of any country or territory or Investments, as defined in GEN Rule A2.1 or, which would be such Investments if not for any applicable exclusion.

Commercial arrangements

An arrangement that consists of a company, partnership or trust does not constitute a Collective Investment Fund if the main purpose and effect of the arrangement is the carrying on of a commercial or other business unrelated to financial or investment activities.

Guidance

Common indicators and