 than investment companies:

a.

a property developer or a property construction company which is in the business of developing and constructing (i.e. creating) the property;

b.

a real estate company which operates a business of selling or leasing real estate for its customers;

c.

a property management or maintenance company – which generates profits through fees charged for those services; and

d.

a property valuation service provider – which is a property related service provider.

4.

In contrast, there are certain types of closed-ended companies which directly or indirectly invest in Real Property and therefore are clearly investment companies. For example a company which:

a.

raises capital from investors to invest in real estate, on the basis that the real estate will be selected or bought and sold on the basis of specified criteria, and profits generated are distributed as specified; or

b.

invests in Securities (such as shares, debentures or units) of other real estate companies or property developers to generate profits through returns on such investments.

Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)

A Fund is a Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) only if it meets the criteria in Rule 13.5.1(2).

Guidance

REITs are a subset of Property Funds. A REIT can be a Public Fund, Exempt Fund or a Qualified Investor Fund (see Rule 13.5.1). As REITs are a subset of Property Funds, they must comply with applicable Rules in section 13.4 for Property Funds, as well as Rules in section 13.5 for REITs.

Hedge Fund

(1)

A Fund is a Hedge Fund if it is a Fund which has some or all of the following characteristics:

(a)

(b)

it has a broad mandate giving its Fund Manager flexibility to shift strategy; it is aimed at achieving absolute returns rather than returns relative to the market;

(c)

it employs some or all of the following techniques:

(i)

the pursuit of absolute returns or “alpha” rather than measuring their investment performance relative to the market;

(ii)

the use of short selling;

15

CIR/VER38/08-24

3.1.10

3.1.11

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(iii)

the use of Derivatives for investment purposes;

(iv)

the use of economic or debt leverage as well as leverage embedded in financial instruments such as Derivatives;

(v)

the acquisition of distressed debt with a view to its realisation at a profit; or

(vi)

the acquisition of “high yield” debt Securities.

(2)

A Fund is a Fund of Hedge Funds if it is dedicated to investing in a number of Hedge Funds or Sub-Funds of one or more Hedge Funds that meet the criteria in (1).

Umbrella Fund

A Fund is an Umbrella Fund if the contributions of the Unitholders in the Fund and the profits or income out of which payments are to be made to them are pooled separately in a number of Sub-Funds constituting separate parts of the Fund Property.

Guidance

1.

An Umbrella Fund may be constituted as a Protected Cell Company.

2.

Unitholders of an Umbrella Fund are entitled to exchange rights they have in one Sub- Fund for rights in another Sub-Fund of the same Umbrella Fund – see Article 11(2) of the Law.

3.

A Sub-Fund of an Umbrella Fund is not a Feeder Fund or any other form of a discrete Fund.

Money Market Fund

A Fund is a Money Market Fund if the Fund’s investment objectives are to preserve the capital of the Fund and provide daily liquidity, while achieving returns that are in line with money market rates.

Guidance

1.

Money market rates are interest rates on instruments that are normally traded on the money market, such as treasury bills, certificates of deposit and commercial paper.

2.

A Fund may fall within the definition of a Money Market Fund even if it:

(a)

is not described or marketed as such a Fund; or

(b)

has objectives additional to those specified in the definition, provided that they are not inconsistent with the investment objectives in the definition.

3.

Money market funds in other jurisdictions are structured as either variable net asset value Funds (VNAV Funds) or stable net asset value Funds (SNAV Funds). A VNAV Fund values its assets on a mark to market basis, allowing for changes