 or Replacement Prospectus of their right to confirm or retract any application made on the basis of that Prospectus and to obtain a refund of monies paid, and the manner in which to do so; and

(b)

allow any such Person a period of at least seven days from the date of receipt of the Supplementary Prospectus or Replacement Prospectus in which to so confirm or retract his application.

Prospectus of an External Fund

14.2.4

A Fund Manager or other Authorised Firm must not Offer in or from the DIFC a Unit of an External Fund to a Retail Client unless the Units of the External Fund can be offered, under the requirements applying to that Fund in the jurisdiction in which the Fund is established, to retail investors.

14.2.5 Where a Fund Manager or other Authorised Firm Offers a Unit of an External Fund to a Person, it must make available to that Person at the time of the Offer a copy of a current Prospectus relating to the Fund which contains the additional requirements in Rule 14.2.6.

Guidance

Under Article 50(3)(c) of the Law, a Prospectus includes, in the case of an External Fund the Units of which are marketed in or from the DIFC, any prospectus or other disclosure document prepared in accordance with the laws applicable to that Fund in the jurisdiction in which the Fund is established or domiciled.

128

CIR/VER38/08-24

14.2.6

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

The Prospectus of an External Fund made available by the Fund Manager or other Authorised Firm making the Offer of the Units of that Fund in or from the DIFC must be in the English language.

The Prospectus must contain in a prominent position, or have attached to it, a statement that clearly:

(a)

describes the jurisdiction in which the Fund is established and the legislation in that jurisdiction that applies to the Fund;

(b)

states the name of the relevant Financial Services Regulator in that jurisdiction;

(c)

describes the regulatory status accorded to the Fund by that Regulator;

(d)

includes the following warning:

“This Prospectus relates to a Fund which is not subject to any form of regulation or approval by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”).

The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any Prospectus or other documents in connection with this Fund. Accordingly, the DFSA has not approved this Prospectus or any other associated documents nor taken any steps to verify the information set out in this Prospectus, and has no responsibility for it.

The Units to which this Prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers should conduct their own due diligence on the Units.

If you do not understand the contents of this document you should consult an authorised financial adviser.”;

and

(e)

if the Offer is not directed to Retail Clients, includes a prominent statement to that effect to be incorporated within the warning in (d).

If Units of the Fund are Security Tokens, the Prospectus must contain information equivalent to that specified in MKT App 7 in respect of those Units.

If 10% or more of the gross asset value of the Fund consists, or will consist, of Investment Tokens, the Prospectus must include information equivalent to that specified at MKT App 7 in respect of the Investment Tokens.

If the Fund invests in Crypto Tokens, the Prospectus must include information equivalent to that specified at MKT App 7 in respect of the Crypto Tokens.

129

CIR/VER38/08-24

14.2.7

14.3

14.3.1

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(6)

If the External Fund is a Credit Fund, the Prospectus must include the following information:

(a)

a prominent risk warning disclosing the information referred to in Rule 13.12.13;

(b)

information on the specific lending strategy of the Fund;

(c)

information about the extent to which the Fund intends to be concentrated with respect individual entities, geographic locations and sectors and risks arising from any proposed concentrations;

to

(d)

the Fund’s risk diversification strategy; and

(e)

whether borrowing by the Fund is permitted, and if so, the limits on borrowing.

A