 Rule 8.2.2(2).

35

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

Guidance

1.

Article 22 of the Law requires the Fund Manager of a Domestic Fund to manage the Fund in accordance with the Fund’s Constitution and its most recent Prospectus and to perform the functions conferred on it by the Constitution and the Law. In doing so, the Fund Manager is required under that Article to comply with any conditions or restrictions on its Licence as well as any limitations or requirements imposed by or under the Law or Rules.

2.

Article 38 of the Law requires the Fund Manager to establish and maintain systems and controls including but not limited to financial and risk controls to ensure sound management of the Fund in accordance with the Fund’s Constitution and its most recent Prospectus, taking due account of the nature, scale and complexity of the Fund’s investments and operations. There is an additional obligation on Fund Managers of all Open-ended Domestic Funds to have adequate systems and controls to address liquidity risks in such Fund – see Rule 8.6A.1.

3.

The requirements in this chapter apply to External Fund Managers in the same manner as they apply to Fund Managers of Domestic Funds, unless otherwise provided. External Fund Managers and External Funds attract additional requirements, which are set out in chapter 6.

4.

This chapter sets out more detailed obligations of the Fund Manager, and where appointed the Trustee, of a Domestic Fund with regard to:

a.

Duties relating to Fund Property;

b.

Conflicts of interests;

c.

Valuation of Fund;

d.

Determination of single price;

e.

Issue and redemption of Units;

f.

Unitholder register;

g. Meetings of Governing Body and Unitholders;

h.

Approvals and notifications;

i. Maintenance of records;

j.

Capital;

k.

Delegations and outsourcing; and

l.

Charges and expenses.

5.

When a Fund Manager manages Funds that are Incorporated Cells of an ICC, the Fund Manager is subject to the additional duties under chapter 6A (as well as the duties in this chapter). The Fund Manager will need to ensure that it meets all of its obligations relating to each Fund on the Fund Platform, even if some activities or functions of the Fund Manager are carried out by the Fund Platform.

8.1A Corporate Director

Application

8.1A.1 This chapter applies to:

36

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(a)

an Investment Company which elects to have its sole Corporate Director act as its Fund Manager; and

(b)

that Corporate Director.

Requirements relating to a Corporate Director

8.1A.2 (1)

The Investment Company must:

(a)

not have any directors other than a Corporate Director; and

(b)

have Articles of Association that permit the company to appoint that Corporate Director as its Fund Manager.

(2)

The Corporate Director must ensure that:

(a)

the requirements in (1) are met;

(b)

it is registered under the Companies Law of the DIFC;

(c)

it has at least two individuals appointed as its directors; and

(d)

it does not act as the Fund Manager of any Fund other than the Investment Company or Manage Assets for another Person.

Guidance

1.

The Companies Regulations permit Investment Companies to have a sole corporate director. An Investment Company has the option to be internally managed, by having that corporate director act as its Fund Manager. Alternatively, an Investment Company has the option to have an ‘external’ Fund Manager. In both cases, the Fund Manager must be licensed and is legally accountable to Unitholders in the Fund (i.e., to its shareholders) for the proper management of the Fund (i.e. the Fund Property).

2.

A Corporate Director of an Investment Company, which elects to be internally managed, is required to meet all the other requirements that are applicable to an applicant for a Fund Manager’s Licence, including the capital requirements (in PIB), and the adequate systems and controls requirements (in GEN). However, as such a Corporate Director can only act as the Fund Manager of the Investment Company (and not of any other Funds), the systems and controls requirements would apply proportionately to the nature and scale of the activities of that company.

3.

A Corporate Director that is a Fund Manager