 the right to carry on a trade, business or profession requiring a licence, registration or other authority;

f.

a dismissal or a request to resign from any office or employment;

g.

whether the individual has been or is currently the subject of or has been concerned with the management of a Body Corporate which has been or is currently the subject of an investigation into an allegation of misconduct or malpractice;

h.

an adverse finding in a civil action by any court of competent jurisdiction of fraud, misfeasance or other misconduct, whether in connection with the formation or management of a corporation or otherwise;

i.

an adverse finding or an agreed settlement in a civil action by any court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction resulting in an award against an individual in excess of $10,000 or awards that total more than $10,000;

j.

an order of disqualification as a director or to act in the management or conduct of the affairs of a corporation by a court of competent jurisdiction or regulator;

k.

whether the individual has been a director, or concerned in the management of, a Body Corporate which has gone into liquidation or administration whilst that individual was connected with that Body Corporate or within one year of such a connection;

173

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

l.

whether the individual has been a partner or concerned in the management of a partnership where one or more partners have been made bankrupt whilst that individual was connected with that partnership or within a year of such a connection;

m.

whether the individual has been the subject of a complaint in connection with a financial service, which relates to his integrity, competence or financial soundness;

n.

whether the individual has been censured, disciplined, publicly criticised by or the subject of a court order at the instigation of any DFSA, or any officially appointed inquiry, or Financial Services Regulator; or

o.

whether the individual has been candid and truthful in all his dealings with the Fund Manager .

Financial soundness

3.

In determining the financial soundness of the individual, the Fund Manager may have regard to any factors including, but not limited to, the following:

a.

whether the individual is able to meet his debts as they fall due; or

b.

whether the individual has been adjudged bankrupt, been the subject of a receiving or administration order, had a bankruptcy petition served on him, had his estate sequestrated, entered into a deed of arrangement (or any contract in relation to a failure to pay due debts) in favour of his creditors or, within the last 10 years, has failed to satisfy a judgement debt under a court order, whether in the U.A.E. or elsewhere.

174

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

App 7 Content of a Public Fund Prospectus

A7.1

Application

A7.1.1

This table applies to the Persons referred to in Rule 14.1.1(1).

A7.1.2

If a Public Fund is to be a Listed Fund, there are additional requirements applicable to such a Fund under section 6.3 of the MKT module. If such a Fund is to be an Islamic Fund, please refer to section 6.5 of the IFR module. See also CIR 14.3.3(2).

A7.1.3

The Prospectus for a Public Fund must contain the information prescribed in the following table.

A7.1.4

A Prospectus is required to contain all the information an investor would reasonably require and expect to find in a Prospectus to be able to make an informed decision. CIR contains additional disclosure for Public Funds. This Table sets out the key mandatory disclosures required in a Public Fund Prospectus under the Law, CIR and IFR, including for specialist classes of Public Funds.

Mandatory disclosure for all Public Funds

1.

Persons Responsible for the Prospectus

1.1

(a) Names and details of all Persons responsible for the information given in

the Prospectus.

(b) If some Persons are responsible for only certain parts of the Prospectus (e.g. Experts), an indication of the relevant parts for which they are responsible.

1.2 A statement from the Persons referred to in 1.1 that, having taken due care to ensure that such