 Provider under the terms of an agreement, for at least six years.

Guidance

1.

Other Rules may also impact on the contents of a Delegation Agreement or Outsourcing Agreement. For instance, consideration should be given to GEN Rule 5.3.21 and accompanying Guidance.

2.

Without limiting the application of any Rules, the DFSA expects that any agreement would include as a minimum:

a.

unambiguous descriptions and definitions of the activities or functions to be provided by the Service Provider and the duties of both parties;

b.

an agreed standard between the parties or resources and services supported as necessary by performance measures in accordance with the applicable Rules;

c.

the requirement for regular detailed reporting to a specified frequency from the Service Provider in respect of its duties and activities;

d.

provisions relating to the reporting of relevant events such as technological changes or error reporting and, in particular, any event which undermines the ability of the Service Provider to fulfil its duties; and

e.

the requirement for an annual review (at a minimum) of the performance of the Service Provider.

A1.3 Provisions relating to Eligible Custodians

A1.3.1

(1) A Fund Manager or Trustee must ensure that a Delegation Agreement in

relation to Providing Custody will:

(a)

require that the title of any account of the Eligible Custodian to hold Fund Property sufficiently distinguishes that account from any account containing Investments belonging to the Eligible Custodian, and is in the form requested by the Fund Manager or Trustee;

(b)

require that the Fund’s Investments will only be credited and withdrawn in accordance with the instructions of the Fund Manager or Trustee;

(c)

require, subject to (2), that the Eligible Custodian will hold the Fund’s Investments separately from assets belonging to the Eligible Custodian;

158

CIR/VER38/08-24

A1.4

A1.4.1

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(d) set out the arrangements for recording and registering the Funds, claiming and receiving dividends and other entitlements and interest and the giving and receiving of instructions;

(e)

require the Eligible Custodian to deliver a statement to the Fund Manager or Trustee (including the frequency of such statement), which details the Fund’s Investments deposited to the account;

(f)

require, subject to (2), that all the Investments standing to the credit of the account are held by the Eligible Custodian as the agent of the Fund Manager or the Trustee and the Eligible Custodian is not entitled to combine the account with any other account or to exercise any charge, mortgage, lien, right of set-off or counterclaim against Investments in that account in respect of any sum owed to the Eligible Custodian on any other account of the Fund Manager, Trustee or any other Person; and

(g) detail the extent of liability of the Eligible Custodian in the event of

default.

(2) Neither the Fund Manager nor the Trustee is required to meet the requirements in (1) (c) and (f), where either the Eligible Custodian or any other Person acting as the prime broker of the Fund does so in compliance with the requirements in Rule 13.6.3.

Provisions relating to fund administration

A Fund Manager or Trustee must ensure that a Delegation Agreement in relation to Providing Fund Administration requires that the Service Provider must not hold or control monies or assets belonging to third parties in connection with such administration except in the following circumstances:

(a)

holding cheques to the order of a Fund’s bank account, provided such cheques are securely held for a maximum of three business days prior to being deposited into the relevant Fund’s bank account or returned to the drawer of the cheque; or

(b)

where the Service Provider has control over bank accounts kept for the purposes of the Fund, the accounts must be conducted strictly in accordance with the Fund Manager’s instructions and any agreed mandate with the bank.

159

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

APP 2 MEETING PROCEDURES

A 2.1

Nomination of a chair

A2.1.1

(1)

A Fund Manager of a Public Fund, or in the case of a Fund which is structured as an Investment Trust, the Trustee, must nominate in