 how any distributable

178

CIR/VER38/08-24

10.

10.1

10.2

11.

11.1

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

income is paid); and

(b) for dealing with unclaimed distributions.

Information about the Fund Manager

(a) The Fund Manager’s:

(i) name (and, if different, its business name), place of incorporation and

date of incorporation;

(ii) if the Fund Manager is an External Fund Manager, that fact and the details of the Appointed Fund Administrator or Custody Provider to the Fund under Rule 6.1.3(a); and

(iii) address and, if applicable, that of the Appointed Fund Administrator or Custody Provider, as the case may be, and the registered office in the DIFC.

(b)

If the Fund Manager is a member of a Group, the name of its ultimate Holding Company and the country or territory in which that Holding Company is incorporated.

(c) The amount of the Fund Manager’s issued share capital and how much of

it is paid up.

(d) A summary of the material provisions of the contract between the Fund and its Fund Manager which may be relevant to Unitholders, including provisions relating to termination, compensation on termination and indemnity.

(a) In the case of an Investment Company:

(i) the names and positions held by the Directors of the Investment Company (other than those who are the Directors of the Fund Manager); and

(ii) if the Fund Manager is its Corporate Director, that fact, and the

names of the individual Directors of the Corporate Director.

(b)

In the case of an Investment Partnership, the names of any General Partners who do not take part in the day-to-day management of the Fund.

(c) The manner, amount and calculation of any remuneration of the Persons

referred to in (a) or (b), as applicable.

Information about the Trustee of the Fund

If the Fund is an Investment Trust, the following information relating to its

179

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

Trustee:

(a) the name (and, if different, the business name) of the Trustee;

(b) the names and addresses of the individuals who are Directors of the

Trustee;

(c) the place and date of incorporation of the Trustee and its registered place

of business in the DIFC;

(d) whether the Trustee is to undertake any functions in addition to the custody of the Fund Property (e.g. Fund Administration, independent oversight function); and

(e) a summary of the material provisions in the trust deed between the Fund Manager and the Trustee which may be relevant to Unitholders, including provisions relating to the Trustee’s remuneration, terms upon which the appointment as Trustee can be terminated, and compensation on termination and indemnity.

12.

Information about the Auditor

12.1

(a) The name and address of the Fund’s appointed Registered Auditor.

(b) The name and address of the Audit Principal responsible for the audit of

the Fund.

(c) If the Prospectus includes any financial reports of the Fund for a period where the Registered Auditor was different, the details referred to in (a) and (b) above relating to that Auditor.

13.

Information about the independent oversight provider

13.1 The Persons appointed under Rule 10.3.1 to provide the oversight function (i.e. an Oversight Committee, Eligible Custodian or Trustee of the Fund).

13.2

In the case of an Oversight Committee, the names and addresses of the individuals appointed to that Committee and their remuneration.

14.

Information about the Eligible Custodian

14.1

(a) The name and address of the Eligible Custodian.

(b) If the Eligible Custodian is the Trustee of the Fund, a statement to that

effect.

(c) The regulated status of the Eligible Custodian and the relevant regulator.

14.2

If

the Fund Manager does not appoint an Eligible Custodian under

180

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

circumstances permitted in CIR, a statement to that effect.

15.

Information relating to other Service Providers

15.1