 pricing function, whether it is an Associate of the Fund Manager, or the Trustee or any Associate of the directors of the company or Persons providing the oversight function, or any independent third party, amounts to outsourcing. In this case the Fund Manager still retains its operating responsibilities and duties and, remains liable for the acts and omissions of that third party in performing the pricing functions as if they were the acts or omissions of the Fund Manager. The Fund Manager should ensure that the third party contracts to provide the service on a basis which takes account of the Fund Manager’s responsibilities which require the Fund to be priced in accordance with the applicable Rules and the Fund’s Constitution.

10.

Where the pricing function is outsourced, the Fund Manager is required, in accordance with the Rules, to satisfy himself that the pricing agent remains competent to carry out the function, and that he has taken reasonable care to ensure that the pricing agent has carried out his duties in a competent manner.

11.

The Fund Manager should seek assurance that the pricing agent’s system is robust and will produce accurate results. The Fund Manager should review the outputs from the system at least annually, and on any significant system change. In addition, if the pricing agent is also responsible for calculation of dealing prices of Units, the Fund Manager should ensure that this system is reviewed to his satisfaction at least annually.

12.

Unless the valuation and record keeping systems are integrated, the valuation output should be agreed with the Fund Manager’s records of a Fund at each valuation point. In addition, the Fund Manager’s records, including debtors and creditors, should be agreed with a Custodian’s records of stocks and both capital and income cash at least monthly, with reconciling items followed up promptly, with debtors reviewed for recoverability.

13.

Systems should be in place whereby all transactions are confirmed in writing or by electronic means to the Fund Manager or to a pricing agent as quickly as possible. It is desirable that all deals to which the Fund is committed, which have been notified, at most, one hour before a valuation, are included in that valuation, at estimated prices if necessary. Unless, however, there is likely to be significant movement in a price of a Unit, it is more important that an accurate cut-off procedure is in place to ensure that omissions or duplications do not take place, than it is to ensure that estimates are included in a valuation.

14.

Where prices are obtained otherwise than from the main pricing source (e.g. unquoted, suspended, or illiquid stocks), the Fund Manager should maintain a record of the source and basis for the value placed on the investment. These should be regularly reviewed.

15.

A system should be in place to ensure that investment and borrowing powers which are contained in the Rules, where applicable and in the Fund’s Constitution and Prospectus are not breached, and that if breaches occur they are identified and rectified.

16.

A system should be in place to ensure that dividends are accounted for as soon as stocks are quoted ex-dividend, unless, as with some foreign stocks, it is prudent to account for them only on receipt. Fixed interest dividends and interest should be accrued at each point unless the level of materiality makes a longer interval appropriate. Similar considerations apply to the expenses of the Fund.

166

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

17

The Fund Manager should ensure periodically that any charge which is levied on a Unitholder for dilution has been calculated in accordance with the methodology which has been disclosed in the Constitution or Prospectus.

18.

The Fund Manager should set a percentage or absolute limit for certain key elements of the valuation, such that any movement outside these limits is investigated. The process for the investigation and a report of its outcome should be in writing and evidenced by an appropriate signature. These key elements could, where relevant, include the movement of the overall price of the Fund against relevant markets, the movement of the prices and values of individual stocks, changes in currency rates, and accrual figures for income, expenses, and tax. In addition, prices which appear not to have changed after a fixed period of time should be investigated, since this may be the result of a price movement having been missed.

19.

Cash should be reconciled to the bank account regularly, with outstanding items promptly followed up, and a full reconciliation sent to the trustee or depositary monthly.

20.

