 the Rules. Materiality should be determined by taking into account a number of factors, including whether the Fund Manager has followed the pricing controls set out in this guidance.

28.

The significance of any breakdown in management controls or other checking procedures should also be taken into account. The significance of any failure of systems should be considered. This may include situations where inadequate back-up arrangements exist. The duration of an error should also be taken into account; the longer an error persists, the more likely that it will have a material effect on a price.

29.

The level of compensation paid to Unitholders, and the Fund Manager’s ability (or otherwise) to meet claims for compensation in full, may also be relevant.

30.

The Fund Manager should also report to the DFSA forthwith any instance of incorrect pricing where the error is greater than 0.5% of the price of a Unit, but where the Fund Manager and the Persons providing the oversight function believe that compensation is inappropriate and should not be paid by the Fund Manager.

31.

The Trustee or the Persons providing oversight functions, in their reports, should summarise the number of instances of incorrect pricing during a particular period. This should include the number of errors which were greater than 0.5% of the price of a Unit and the number of errors which were less than 0.5% of the price of a Unit where the Trustee or the Persons providing the oversight function did not consider the Fund Manager’s controls to be adequate.

Action to be taken as regards compensation for incorrect pricing.

32.

Prices found to be incorrect by less than 0.5%

a.

Where the dealing price of any Unit of a Fund is found to be incorrect by less than 0.5% of the price of a Unit of a Fund, compensation to Unitholders will not normally be required, unless the Custodian decides otherwise.

b.

Where an issue or cancellation of Units has taken place at a price which is incorrect by less than 0.5% of the price of a Unit of a Fund, compensation to or from the Fund will not normally be required, unless the oversight arrangement decides otherwise.

33.

Where the dealing price of any Unit of a Fund is found to be incorrect by 0.5% or more of the price of a Unit of a Fund, compensation to Unitholders will normally be required. If, exceptionally, the Trustee or the Persons providing the oversight function consider that compensation is inappropriate, he will need to report the matter to the DFSA, together with his recommendation and justification.

168

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

App 5 CONSTITUTION OF A DOMESTIC FUND

A5.1

Contents of Constitution

A5.1.1

(1)

The Constitution of a Domestic Fund must contain all the information prescribed in the following table except where it is an Exempt Fund, in which case, it must contain the information specified in A, C, D, F, G, H, K and M.

(2)

The requirements in the following table do not apply in respect of the Constitution of a Qualified Investor Fund.

A

General Information

The following information:

(1)

The name of the Fund.

(2)

The Fund Manager’s and, if the Fund is structured as an Investment Trust, the Trustee’s name and the principal place of business in the DIFC as recorded by the Registrar of Companies.

(3)

That the Fund is a Domestic Fund, the Constitution of which is governed by the laws of the DIFC.

(4)

That the Fund is a Public Fund, or Exempt Fund, as the case may be.

(5)

The legal form of the Fund and whether it is open or closed ended.

(6)

If the Fund is a specialist class of a Fund as defined in chapter 3 of this module, the relevant specialist class, and if applicable, Islamic Fund and consequently the Fund’s entire business operations are conducted in accordance with Shari’a.

that

the Fund

is an

(7)

If the Fund is managed by an External Fund Manager, that fact and the details of the Appointed Fund Administrator or Custody Provider of the Fund.

(8)

If the Fund is an External Fund, the name of the jurisdiction in which the Fund is domiciled.

B

General Statements