 Public Fund Prospectus under the Law, CIR and IFR, including for specialist classes of Public Funds.

Mandatory disclosure for all Public Funds

1.

Persons Responsible for the Prospectus

1.1

(a) Names and details of all Persons responsible for the information given in

the Prospectus.

(b) If some Persons are responsible for only certain parts of the Prospectus (e.g. Experts), an indication of the relevant parts for which they are responsible.

1.2 A statement from the Persons referred to in 1.1 that, having taken due care to ensure that such is the case, the information included in the Prospectus (or the part of the Prospectus for which the Person is responsible) is, to the best of their knowledge, accurate, and contains no material omissions likely to impact on the accuracy of the information in the Prospectus (or the relevant part).

1.3 A prominent statement in the front page of the Prospectus as follows:

“This Prospectus relates to a DIFC Fund in accordance with the Collective Investment Law 2010 and Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”).

The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any Prospectus or other documents in connection with this Domestic Fund. Accordingly, the DFSA has not approved this Prospectus or any other associated documents, nor taken any steps to verify the information set out in this Prospectus, and has no responsibility for it.

175

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

The Units to which this Prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the Units offered should conduct their own due diligence on the Units.

If you do not understand the contents of this document you should consult an authorised financial adviser.”

2.

Document Status

2.1 A prominent statement that:

(a)

the document is the Prospectus of the Public Fund;

(b)

it contains information valid as at the date of the signing of the Prospectus by the Persons referred to in 1.1; and

(c)

no Units will be issued on the basis of the Prospectus after the expiry date specified in the Prospectus.

2.2

The location where a copy of the Prospectus is available free of charge.

3.

Summary Document

3.1

The information required under Rule 14.3.1(d), i.e.:

(a) information to clearly identify the Fund and its classification;

(b) a short description of the Fund’s investment objectives and investment

policy for achieving those objectives;

(c) past performance presentation or, where

relevant, performance

scenarios;

(d) costs and associated charges; and

(e) risk/reward profile of the investment, including appropriate guidance and warnings in relation to the risks associated with investments, in the relevant Fund.

4.

The name and description of the Fund

4.1

(a) The name of the Fund and whether the Fund is a Public Fund established

in the DIFC or an External Fund.

(b) If the Fund is a specialist class of Fund as defined in chapter 3, the

relevant specialist class of the Fund.

(c) The legal form of the Fund (whether it is an Investment Company, Investment Partnership or Investment Trust) and, if not attached to the Prospectus, where the Fund’s Constitution and any amending instrument

176

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

to it may be inspected and copies of them may be obtained.

(d) Whether the Fund is an Open-ended or Closed-ended Fund as defined in

Article 18A of the Law.

(e) The base currency of the Fund and, where relevant, the maximum and

minimum sizes of the Fund’s capital.

4.2

(a) The effective date of commencement of the Fund’s operations.

(b) If the duration of the Fund is limited, that duration.

(c) The circumstances in which the Fund may be wound up under the Law and the Rules in this module and a summary of the procedure for, and the rights of Unitholders under, such a winding up.

4.3

(a) The basis upon which Persons are eligible to participate in the Fund and,

where applicable, the minimum initial investment.

(b) A statement that the Unitholders are not liable for the debts