 treated.

18. Valuation of the Fund Property

18.1 Details of:

(a)

the frequency and times of valuation of the Fund Property, and a description of any circumstances in which Fund Property may be specially valued;

(b) the valuation principles and method applied for the establishment of the

182

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

Net Asset Value (NAV) of the Fund Property;

(c) any circumstances in which the valuation of the Fund Property referred to

in (a) may be suspended; and

(d) how the NAV and any suspension of valuation will be communicated to

Unitholders or prospective Unitholders.

18.2 Details of:

(a) how the single price of Units of the Fund, and if there are different classes of Units in the Fund, the single price of each class of Units, will be determined, including whether a forward or historic price basis is to be applied; and

(b) details as to how the prices of Units will be published following each

valuation.

19. Redemption and resale of Units in Open-ended Funds

19.1

In the case of an Open-ended Fund, details of:

(a)

the dealing days and the times in the dealing day on which the Fund Manager will receive requests for redemption and resale of Units;

(b)

the procedures for carrying out:

(i)

redemption, reissue and resale of Units; and

(ii)

the settlement of transactions;

(c)

the steps required to be taken by a Unitholder in redeeming Units before he can receive the proceeds, including any relevant notice periods, and the circumstances and periods in which a deferral of payment may be applied;

(d)

the circumstances in which the redemption of Units may be suspended;

(e)

if applicable, details of the minimum number or value of each type of Unit in the Fund which:

(i) any one Person may hold; and

(ii) may be the subject of any one transaction of issue, resale or

redemption by the Fund Manager;

(f)

the circumstances and procedures if the Fund Manager may carry out in- specie redemptions; and

(g)

the circumstances in which the further issue of Units in any particular

183

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

class may be limited and the procedures relating to this.

19.2

If the Fund Manager makes any charges on sale or redemption of Units, details of the charging structure and how notice will be provided to Unitholders of any change in the relevant charge.

19.3

If the Fund Manager makes a dilution levy or dilution adjustment, how such levy or adjustment is calculated and applied to redemptions to ensure fair treatment of outgoing and remaining Unitholders.

19.4

If any class of Unitholders is subject to any limitations relating to further issue of Units of that class, procedures relating to how such restrictions are applied.

20.

Liquidity risk management in Open-ended Funds

20.1

Information relating to the powers available to the Fund Manager to address liquidity risks that may arise in the Fund and the procedures, including triggers, for the exercise of such powers, required under Rule 8.6A.1(2)(d).

21.

Listing and trading of Fund Units

21.1 Whether the Fund’s Units are intended to be listed and traded and, if so, the date and the exchange on which the Units are to be admitted to trading.

21.2 Timeframe within which the listing and trading is intended to occur.

Additional mandatory disclosure for specialist classes of Public Funds

1.

Islamic Fund

1.1 A statement that all the operations in relation to the Fund will be conducted in

accordance with Shari’a.

1.2

Instead of the statement referred to in 1.3 under ‘Mandatory disclosure for all Public Funds’, a statement as follows:

“The DFSA does not accept responsibility for the content of the information included in the Prospectus, including the accuracy or completeness of such information. The liability for the content of the Prospectus lies with the Issuer of the Prospectus and other Persons, such as experts, whose opinions are included in the Prospectus with their consent. The DFSA has also not assessed the suitability of the Securities to which the Prospectus relates to any particular investor or type of investor