 types of Investments or assets in which it and (where applicable) each Sub-Fund may invest; and

(c)

if the Fund is a specialist class of Fund, the class of Fund.

(2)

Details of any investment, borrowing or stock lending there are no such the event that in restrictions or, restrictions, a statement to that effect.

Units in the Fund

A statement specifying:

(a)

the classes of Units which the Fund may issue; and

(b)

the rights attaching to Units of each class (including any provisions for the expression in two or more denominations of such rights).

Limitations

Details as to:

(a)

the provisions relating to any restrictions on the right to redeem Units in any class; and

(b)

the circumstances in which the issue of the Units of any particular class may be limited.

Income and distribution

171

CIR/VER38/08-24

H

I

J

K

L

M

N

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(1)

Details of who is carrying out the calculation, transfer, allocation and distribution of income for any class of Unit issued and outstanding during the accounting period.

(2)

Information regarding the provision for the payment of income, if any, and the date on which such distribution shall be made.

Base currency

A statement specifying the base currency of the Fund.

Meetings

Details of the procedures for the convening of meetings and the procedures relating to resolutions, voting and the voting rights of Unitholders.

Oversight arrangements

Details of the oversight arrangements, and if the Fund is an Islamic Fund, details of its Shari’a Supervisory Board.

Termination and suspension

Details as to:

(a)

the grounds under which the Fund Manager may initiate a suspension of the Fund and any associated procedures; and

(b)

the methodology for determining the rights of Unitholders to participate in the Fund Property on winding up.

Modification of the Constitution documents

Details of the manner in which alterations to the Constitution may be made.

Responsibility statement

A statement that nothing in the Constitution has the effect of exempting the Fund Manager and, if the Fund is structured as an Investment Trust, the Trustee, from any liability to Unitholders imposed under DIFC law and the Rules.

Other relevant matters

Details of those matters which enable the Fund, Fund Manager or any Person providing the oversight function of the Fund to obtain any privilege or power conferred by the Rules which is not otherwise provided for in the Constitution.

172

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

App 6 GUIDANCE ON FITNESS AND PROPRIETY FOR OVERSIGHT

FUNCTIONS

Guidance

General

1.

The guidance in this Appendix is intended to assist a Fund Manager when making appointments in accordance with Rule 10.3.2 in respect of oversight functions.

Integrity

2.

The Fund Manager may have regard to matters including, but not limited to, the following.

a.

the propriety of an individual’s conduct whether or not such conduct may have resulted in the commission of a criminal offence, the contravention of a law or the institution of legal or disciplinary proceedings of whatever nature;

b.

a conviction or finding of guilt in respect of any offence, other than a minor road traffic offence, by any court of competent jurisdiction;

c.

whether the individual has ever been the subject of disciplinary proceedings by a government body or agency or any recognised self regulatory organisation or other professional body;

d.

a contravention of any provision of financial services legislation or of rules, regulations, statements of principle or codes of practice made under or by a recognised self regulatory organisation, Authorised Market Institution, regulated exchange or regulated clearing house or Financial Services Regulator;

e.

a refusal or restriction of the right to carry on a trade, business or profession requiring a licence, registration or other authority;

f.

a dismissal or a request to resign from any office or employment;

g.

whether the individual has been or is currently the subject of or has been concerned with the management of a Body Corporate which has been or is currently the subject of an investigation into an allegation of misconduct or malpractice;

h.

an adverse finding in a civil action by any court of competent jurisdiction of fraud, misfeasance or other misconduct, whether in connection with the formation or management of a corporation or otherwise;

i.

