 Fund may invest;

(b)

the types of Real Property in which the Fund may invest and the policy in relation to encumbrances and lease period, if applicable;

(c)

the policy of the Fund Manager in relation to insurance of Real Property forming part of the Fund Property;

(d)

the risks involved in this type of Fund;

(e) details of the Property Fund’s appointed valuer under Rule 13.4.18(1);

(f) a statement to explain the standards according to which the property

valuations are conducted;

(g) a statement with respect to any material policy regarding Real Property

activities;

(h) details of significant holders and the number of units held and deemed to

be held by each of them;

(i) details of principal taxes levied on the Fund’s income and capital, including

tax, if any, deducted on distribution to Unitholders; and

(j) if the Fund is a REIT, whether the investment vehicle is an Investment

Company or an Investment Trust.

If the Fund is a single Property Fund:

(a) a prominent statement that the Fund invests in a single property;

(b)

the details relating to the single property, such as whether the property

186

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

comprises individual properties or buildings, whether there are different types of uses or businesses conducted in the property, and proportions of anticipated income to be derived from the types of uses or occupants of the property; and

(c) any risks associated with the investment in the single property, including risks arising from or affecting income to be derived from the uses or occupants of the property.

3.5

If the Fund Manager itself acts as the custodian of Real Property, in accordance with Rule 13.4.2:

(a) a prominent statement that it acts as the custodian of the Real Property;

(b) disclosure of risks that may arise as a result of it acting as custodian

rather than delegating the function to an Eligible Custodian; and

(c) the measures and safeguards it has in place to ensure the proper

segregation and protection of the Real Property.

3.6 Disclosure of:

(a) details of any transactions or agreements entered into with Related

Parties;

(b) full particulars of the nature and extent of the interest, if any, of Related Parties in the property owned or proposed to be acquired by the Fund; and

(c) whether the Fund Manager has Unitholder approval to enter into Related

Party Transactions, in accordance with Rule 13.4.11A.

4.

Hedge Fund

4.1 A prominent warning as follows:

“When considering investment in a Hedge Fund you should consider the fact that some Hedge Fund products use leverage and other speculative investment practices that may increase the risk of investment loss, can be illiquid, may involve complex tax structures, often charge high fees, and, in many cases, the underlying investments are not transparent and are known only to the Hedge Fund Investment Manager.

Returns from Hedge Funds can be volatile and you may lose all or part of your investment. With respect to single manager products, the manager has total trading authority and this could mean a lack of diversification and higher risk. The Hedge Fund may be subject to substantial expenses that are generally offset by trading profits and other income. A portion of those fees is paid to the

187

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

Hedge Fund Manager.”

4.2 An explanation of the types of strategies to be employed by the Fund Manager

and the associated risks.

5.

Umbrella Fund

5.1 Whether the Fund is constituted as a Protected Cell Company or is using

contractual arrangements to segregate Sub-Funds.

5.2 A statement that Unitholders may exchange Units of one Sub-Fund for Units in

another Sub-Fund of the Umbrella Fund.

5.3 Whether an exchange of Units in one Sub-Fund for Units in another Sub-Fund is treated as a redemption of Units, and resale or reissue of Units in the relevant Sub-Fund, and costs and fees associated with such redemption, resale or reissue.

5.4 Policy for allocating between Sub-Funds any assets of, or costs, charges and expenses payable out of, the Fund Property which are not attributable to any particular