’s capital.

4.2

(a) The effective date of commencement of the Fund’s operations.

(b) If the duration of the Fund is limited, that duration.

(c) The circumstances in which the Fund may be wound up under the Law and the Rules in this module and a summary of the procedure for, and the rights of Unitholders under, such a winding up.

4.3

(a) The basis upon which Persons are eligible to participate in the Fund and,

where applicable, the minimum initial investment.

(b) A statement that the Unitholders are not liable for the debts of the Fund unless the applicable legislation prescribes otherwise and, if so, a statement specifying those circumstances.

5.

Investment objectives and policy of the Fund

5.1 Sufficient information to enable a Unitholder or potential Unitholder to understand the investment objectives of the Fund and its investment policy for achieving those investment objectives, including:

(a)

the general nature of the portfolio assets and any intended specialisation;

(b)

the policy for the spreading of risk in the Fund Property including an explanation of any potential risks identified;

(c)

the Fund’s policy in relation to the exercise of borrowing powers;

(d)

the Fund’s policy in relation to the use of Derivatives for speculation or hedging purposes; and

(e) whether the Fund’s policy envisages remaining not fully invested at all

times – and a description of such circumstances.

5.2 A description of how the investment objectives and policy stated under 5.1 may be varied, and the circumstances in which such variation requires the approval of Unitholders.

5.3

If the Fund Property is to be invested in Units in Funds which are managed by the Fund Manager or an Associate of the Fund Manager, a statement of:

177

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(a)

the maximum amount of investments in each Fund;

(b) the basis and amount of the charges in respect of the transactions referred to in (a), if not already disclosed under any other section of the Prospectus; and

(c)

the extent to which such charges will be reimbursed to the Fund.

5.4

The profile of a typical investor for whom the Fund is designed.

6.

Investment restrictions

6.1

(a) A statement of any investment restrictions applicable to the Fund.

(b) An indication of how the Unitholders in the Fund will be informed of the actions taken by the Fund Manager in the event of a breach of the investment restrictions.

7.

Information about the rights attached to Units of the Fund

7.1

Information about:

(a) the nature/characteristics of the Units in the Fund (i.e. shares, partnership interest or beneficial ownership) and the rights attaching to the Units (e.g. relating to voting and participation in distributions):

(b) how Unitholders may exercise their voting rights and what they are; and

(c) the circumstances where a mandatory redemption, cancellation or

conversion of a Unit from one class to another is required.

7.2

If the Fund issues different classes of Units:

(a) the names of the relevant classes of Units; and

(b) how the rights attaching to one class of Units differ from the rights

attaching to other classes of Units.

7.3 How Units are held (e.g. in certificated or dematerialised form).

8.

The Register of Unitholders

8.1 Address in the DIFC where the register of Unitholders of the Fund is kept and

can be inspected by Unitholders of the Fund.

9.

Information about distribution and accounting period

9.1 Details of the accounting and distribution periods and a description of the

procedures:

(a)

for determining and applying income (including how any distributable

178

CIR/VER38/08-24

10.

10.1

10.2

11.

11.1

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

income is paid); and

(b) for dealing with unclaimed distributions.

Information about the Fund Manager

(a) The Fund Manager’s:

(i) name (and, if different, its business name), place of incorporation and

date of incorporation;

(ii) if the Fund Manager is an External Fund Manager, that fact and the details of the Appointed Fund Administrator or Cust