)

whether Unitholders have been informed of the intention to seek winding up or revocation; and

(ii)

if not, when they will be informed;

(h)

details of any proposed preferential switching rights offered or to be offered to Unitholders if it is an Umbrella Fund;

(i)

details of any proposed rebate of charges to be made to Unitholders who recently purchased Units;

(j)

where the costs of winding-up will fall;

(k)

a statement obtained from the Trustee or Eligible Custodian or other Persons providing the oversight function if the Fund is a Public Fund or a statement from the Auditor if the Fund is an Exempt Fund or a Qualified Investor Fund:

(i)

that the Fund Manager, having taken reasonable care in considering the matter, is certain that a transfer scheme is not practical;

(ii)

an explanation of what steps have been considered that would result in the Fund not needing to wind up;

(iii)

confirmation that the Fund Manager has carried out its function and duties in accordance with the Law and Rules; and

(iv)

whether the Fund’s investment and borrowing powers have been exceeded;

(l)

the preferred date for the commencement of the winding up; and

(m)

any additional information considered relevant to the DFSA’s consideration.

The DFSA may request further information after receipt of the notification.

156

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

App 1 DELEGATION AND OUTSOURCING

A1.1

Application

A1.1.1

(1)

This Appendix (App 1) applies to a Fund Manager and if appointed the Trustee in relation to every:

(a)

Delegation Agreement; and

(b)

Outsourcing Agreement.

made or entered into pursuant to these Rules.

(2)

This Appendix does not apply to a Qualified Investor Fund.

A1.2

Mandatory provisions

A1.2.1

(1)

A Fund Manager or Trustee must ensure that any agreement specified in Rule A1.1.1:

(a)

sets out the functions or activities and service standards that will be applied to the carrying out of such functions or activities;

(b)

provides that the Service Provider cannot in turn, delegate any activities delegated to it, or outsource any functions outsourced to it, without prior approval of the Fund Manager or Trustee as applicable;

(c)

requires the Service Provider to:

(i)

maintain records to show and explain transactions in relation to each activity or function performed in relation to the Fund;

(ii)

maintain such records in a manner to enable the Fund Manager or Trustee to prepare accounts in compliance with these Rules and any other applicable legislation;

(iii)

retain the records for at least six years from the date to which they relate;

(iv)

keep the records, at all reasonable times, open to inspection by the DFSA, the Fund’s Auditor and any Person providing the oversight function for the Fund; and

(v)

ensure that the records are, if requested by the DFSA, capable of reproduction within a reasonable period not exceeding 3 days, in hard copy and in English.

157

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

(2)

A Fund Manager or Trustee must ensure that a Delegation Agreement contains an undertaking by the Service Provider to:

(a)

comply with any DFSA Rules applicable to the activity; and

(b)

disclose to the DFSA and to the Fund Manager or Trustee, as the case may be, any material information that it would disclose to its Financial Services Regulator, if relevant, in relation to the conduct of the activity.

(3)

A Fund Manager or Trustee must maintain records of all agreements, and any instructions given to a Service Provider under the terms of an agreement, for at least six years.

Guidance

1.

Other Rules may also impact on the contents of a Delegation Agreement or Outsourcing Agreement. For instance, consideration should be given to GEN Rule 5.3.21 and accompanying Guidance.

2.

Without limiting the application of any Rules, the DFSA expects that any agreement would include as a minimum:

a.

unambiguous descriptions and definitions of the activities or functions to be provided by the Service Provider and the duties of both parties;

b.

an agreed standard between the parties or resources and services supported as