)

If, at an adjourned meeting under (4)(b), a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time appointed for the meeting, one person entitled to be counted in a quorum present at the meeting is a quorum.

(6)

Notice of any adjourned meeting of Unitholders must be given to Unitholders. That notice must state that one or more Unitholders present at the adjourned meeting whatever their number and whatever the number of Units held by that Unitholder or Unitholders will form a quorum.

(1)

No Fund Manager, or other member of the Governing Body of the Fund is entitled to be counted in the quorum of, and no Fund Manager or other member of the Governing Body of the Fund nor any associate of such a Person is entitled to vote at, any meeting of the Fund.

(2)

The prohibition in (1) does not apply to the exercise of voting rights attaching to any Units which the Fund Manager or other member of the Governing Body of the Fund or its associate holds on behalf of, or jointly with, another Person who is not subject to the prohibition in (1) and from whom the Fund Manager or other member of the Governing Body of the Fund or its associate, as the case may be, has received voting instructions.

(3)

Therefore, for the purpose of Rule, Units held, or treated as held, by any Fund Manager or other member of the Governing Body of the Fund, must not, except as mentioned in (2), be regarded as being in issue.

If a resolution is required under these Rules for the approval of a Related Party Transaction, a Unitholder who is the Related Party proposing to enter into the transaction, and a Unitholder who is an Associate of that Related Party, is not entitled to vote on the resolution.

161

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

APP 3 APPROVALS AND NOTIFICATIONS

A 3.1

Alterations to a Fund

A 3.1.1

(1)

The Fund Manager of a Public Fund must, by way of a Special Resolution, obtain prior approval from the Unitholders for any proposed change to the Domestic Fund which is a fundamental change.

(2)

In addition to the specific fundamental changes in relation to a Fund prescribed under Article 35(1) of the Law and also under Rules 8.3.2, 8.13.3, 13.4.4(2) and 16.1.3(2), a “fundamental change” under (1) is a change or event which:

(a)

changes the purpose or nature of the Fund;

(b)

may materially prejudice a Unitholder;

(c)

alters the risk profile of the Fund; or

(d)

introduces any new type of payment out of Fund Property.

(3)

Notwithstanding (2) above, any change may be fundamental depending on its degree of materiality and effect on the Fund and its Unitholders. Consequently, the Fund Manager must determine whether in each case a particular change is fundamental in nature and, if the Fund is an Investment Trust, obtain the Trustee’s agreement to the outcome of the determination.

Guidance

For the purpose of this section, a fundamental change to a Fund is likely to include:

a.

any proposal for a scheme of arrangement;

b.

a change in the investment policy to achieve capital growth from investment in one country rather than another;

c.

a change in the investment objective or policy to achieve capital growth through investment in fixed interest rather than in equity investments;

d.

a change in the investment policy to allow the Fund to invest in derivatives as an investment strategy which increases its volatility;

e.

a change to the characteristics of a Fund to distribute income annually rather than monthly;

f.

the introduction of limited redemption arrangements; or

g.

a change of the custodian, trustee or other oversight arrangement.

A 3.1.2

(1)

The Fund Manager of a Public Fund must give prior written notice to Unitholders in respect of any proposed change to the operation of a Fund where the change constitutes a significant change.

162

CIR/VER38/08-24

A3.1.3

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES