) The name and address of the Eligible Custodian.

(b) If the Eligible Custodian is the Trustee of the Fund, a statement to that

effect.

(c) The regulated status of the Eligible Custodian and the relevant regulator.

14.2

If

the Fund Manager does not appoint an Eligible Custodian under

180

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

circumstances permitted in CIR, a statement to that effect.

15.

Information relating to other Service Providers

15.1

If a Fund Manager delegates or outsources any of its activities or functions relating to the Fund to a Service Provider:

(a)

its name;

(b) the service or function delegated or outsourced to that Person;

(c) by whom the Service Provider is regulated; and

(d) the details of the arrangements, including fees and other remuneration

payable to the Service Provider.

15.2

If an investment adviser is retained in connection with the business of the Fund:

(a)

its name;

(b) by whom it is regulated; and

(c) its remuneration.

15.3

If applicable, names and addresses of the banker, lawyer, registrar and any other Person undertaking any significant activities in relation to the Fund.

16.

Financial information and reports

16.1 Details as to:

(a) when the Fund’s annual and interim reports will be published; and

(b)

the address in the DIFC where the most recent annual and interim reports may be inspected and their copies obtained.

16.2

If the Fund has been in operation since its establishment, the historical financial information (and where copies can be obtained) and, if not, a statement to that effect.

16.3 A comprehensive and meaningful analysis of

the Fund’s portfolio of

investments and, if unaudited, a statement to that effect.

16.4

If there is a profit forecast or estimate, information relating to the basis of such forecast or estimate.

17. Remuneration, fees and other charges payable out of the Fund Property

181

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

17.1 Clear and concise information in an understandable manner relating to remuneration, fees and other charges to be paid out of the Fund Property payable to:

(a) the Fund Manager;

(b) the Trustee of the Fund, if applicable;

(c) any Service Providers to the Fund; and

(d) any other Person not covered under (a), (b) or (c).

17.2

In respect of each category of remuneration, fees and other charges referred to in 17.1, details relating to:

(a)

the current rates or amounts;

(b)

the manner of calculation; and

(c) when they will accrue and be paid.

17.3

(a) Whether the Fund Manager has the discretion to amend the current

remuneration, fees and other charges referred to in 17.1.

(b) If so, a description of:

(i)

the changes to be made (e.g. the introduction of a new category of charges or a change to the basis of an existing charge);

(ii) the circumstances in which such a change will be made;

(iii) the procedures for making such a change (including the advance

notice period to be given to Unitholders of the proposed change); and

(iv) if the change is to be made, when it is intended to take effect.

17.4

If all or any part of the remuneration, fees or other charges referred to in 17.1 are to be treated as a capital charge, a statement to that effect and the basis on which it may be so treated.

18. Valuation of the Fund Property

18.1 Details of:

(a)

the frequency and times of valuation of the Fund Property, and a description of any circumstances in which Fund Property may be specially valued;

(b) the valuation principles and method applied for the establishment of the

182

CIR/VER38/08-24

COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT RULES (CIR)

Net Asset Value (NAV) of the Fund Property;

(c) any circumstances in which the valuation of the Fund Property referred to

in (a) may be suspended; and

(d