 Licensing Regulations.

Means a Person who is licensed or otherwise authorised by one of the Authorities to Promote Funds.

incorporated under the Limited Liability Means a partnership Partnership Regulations or under the law of a country, jurisdiction or territory outside ADGM.

Means the Limited Liability Partnership Regulations 2015.

In relation to AML means, for the purposes of Rule 8.3.3(4), a Body Corporate listed on a stock exchange recognised by the Regulator.

Means the Issuer of Securities which are admitted to the Official List.

Means a Collective Investment Fund which has been admitted to the Official List.

Means in relation to MKT, the Securities of the Issuer or, where the context requires, the Securities for which the Listed Entity is a Reporting Entity but not the Issuer.

Means in the Rules in MKT Rule 2.2.

Means in the Rules in MKT chapter 2.

Means the Limited Liability Partnership Regulations.

A Contract of Insurance expressed to be in force for more than one year, where under the terms of the contract any of the following conditions exists:

(a)

the payment of the whole or part of the benefits is dependent upon the termination or continuation or human life;

(b)

the payment of any part of the premiums is dependent upon the termination or continuation of human life;

(c)

the benefits under the contract include payment of a sum on marriage or on the birth of a child; or

(d)

(4) the contract is a permanent health insurance contract.

Means the business of Effecting Contracts of Insurance or Carrying Out Contracts of Insurance, where the Contracts of Insurance are contracts of Long-Term Insurance.

49

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Long-Term Insurance Fund

Low-Value Payment Instrument

Maintains

Major Risk-Taking Employees

Managing Assets

Managing a Collective Investment Fund

Managing a Profit Sharing Investment Account

Market Abuse

Market Capitalisation

Market Contract

Market Counterparty

Market Maker

Definitions

Means a fund in respect of Long-Term Insurance Business established and maintained in accordance with PIN 3 or CIB 8, as applicable.

Means any Payment Instrument that:

(a)

(i) can be used only to execute individual payment transactions

of US$25 (or its equivalent) or less; and

(ii) has a monthly spending limit of US$1000 (or its equivalent);

or

(b) has Stored Value that does not exceed US$500 (or its equivalent)

at any time.

Means in relation to GEN 3.3.25 to 3.3.30, includes taking reasonable steps to ensure that the arrangements remain effective and are adequately monitored, and must be interpreted accordingly.

Means in relation to GEN 3.3.42 and 8.10.14, means those Employees whose actions have a material impact on the risk exposure of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body.

Has the meaning given in paragraph 56 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Has the meaning given in paragraph 59 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Has the meaning given in paragraph 64(2) of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Means conduct which contravenes a provision contained in Part 8 of FSMR.

Means the value calculated by multiplying the number of Securities in the main class on issue by the price of such Securities, as determined by the Issuer and accepted by the Regulator to be a fair market value of those Securities.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Means a type of Professional Client specified under COBS 2.5.

Means in relation to an Investment, a Person who holds himself out as able and willing to enter into transactions of sale and purchase in Investments of that description at prices determined by him generally and continuously rather than in respect of each particular transaction.

50

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Market Manipulation

Marketing Material

Mark-up or Mark-down

Master Fund

Matched Principal Trading

Definitions

Means the behaviour specified in section 92(4) of FSMR.

Means:

(a)

in relation to COBS, any material communicated to a Person in the course of marketing Regulated Activities or Specified Investments or effecting introductions; and

(b)

in relation to GEN 9.12 and 9.13, any material communicated to a Person in the course of marketing financial services or financial products or effecting introductions.

Means:

