 up of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body or a Holding Company of an Authorised Person or Recognised Body;

(c)

FEES and MKT, has the meaning given in paragraph 87 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Means any Warrants which relate to Shares in the Authorised Person concerned, issued by the Authorised Person.

Means a Natural Person or legal entity governed by private or public law, who holds, directly or indirectly:

(a)

Shares of the Issuer in its own name and on its own account;

(b)

Shares of the Issuer in its own name, but on behalf of another Natural Person or legal entity; or

(c)

depository receipts, in which case the holder of the depository receipt shall be considered as the shareholder of the underlying Shares represented by the depository receipts.

77

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Shari'a

Shari'a Supervisory Board

Shari'a-compliant Regulated Activities

Shell Bank

Short Selling

Significant Distribution

Simplified Customer Due Diligence

Single Payment Service Contract

Skilled Person

Soft Dollar Agreement

Solvency Reference Date

Definitions

Means the Shari'a principles and rulings as interpreted by a Shari'a Supervisory Board.

Means the board comprised of individuals appointed by:

(e)

an Authorised Person pursuant to IFR 3.5 and entrusted with the duty of directing, reviewing and supervising the activities of the Authorised Person conducting Islamic Financial Business in order to ensure that the activities conducted by the Authorised Person are in compliance with Shari'a; or

(f)

an Issuer, or Reporting Entity, as applicable, entrusted with the duty of making a Shari’a pronouncement as to the Issuer’s Securities’ Shari’a compliance.

Means the Regulated Activities specified Schedule 1 of FSMR.

in paragraph 64 of

A bank that has no physical presence in the country in which it is incorporated or licensed and which is not affiliated with a regulated financial Group that is subject to effective consolidated supervision.

Means the sale of a Security by a Person who does not own the Security at the point of entering into the contract to sell.

Means, for the purposes of MKT Chapter 6, an initial or secondary Offer of Relevant Securities, publicly announced and distinct from ordinary trading both in terms of the amount in value of the Securities offered and the selling methods employed.

Means Customer Due Diligence as modified under AML 8.5.

Means a contract for a single Payment Transaction not covered by a Framework Contract.

Has the meaning given in FSMR.

Means an agreement in any form under which an Authorised Person receives goods or services in return for Investment Business put through another Person.

Means the date at which an Insurer's compliance with capital adequacy requirements in PIN 4 or CIB 2, as applicable, are assessed.

78

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

Source of Funds

Means the origin of Customer's funds which relate to a Transaction or service and includes how such funds are connected to a Customer's Source of Wealth.

Source of Wealth

Means how the Customer's global wealth or net worth is or was acquired or accumulated.

Special Purpose Vehicle Means a Body Corporate whose sole purpose, either generally or when acting in a particular capacity, is to carry out one or more of the following functions:

(a)

issuing Investments;

(b)

redeeming or terminating or repurchasing, whether with a view to re-issue or to cancellation, an issue, in whole or par, of Investments; or

(c)

entering involving redemption, termination or re-purchase of Investments; and

into Investments

transactions or

terminating in connection with

transactions issue, the

and has been explicitly established for the purpose of:

(d)

securitising assets; or

(e)

investing in Real Property,

and, in the case of paragraph (d), has been assessed by a rating agency.

Special Resolution

Means in relation to a Domestic Fund, a resolution passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes validly cast (whether on a show of hands or on a poll) for and against the resolution at a general meeting or class meeting of Unitholders, of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been duly given.

Specific Risk

Means the risk that losses on an Authorised