(ii)

a person in accordance with whose directions or instructions (not being advice given in a professional capacity) the directors of that body are accustomed to act; and

(c)

AML, means:

(i)

In relation to an undertaking established under the ADGM Companies Regulations, a Person who appears on the Register of Directors maintained by the ADGM Registrar of Companies; and

(ii)

In relation to all other undertakings, a Person who has been admitted to a register which has a corresponding meaning to the Register of Directors or performs the function of acting in the capacity of a Director, by whatever name called;

(iii)

who in connection with that Person's business, whether

is employed or appointed by a Person

31

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Disclosure

Discretionary Portfolio Management Agreement

Document

Domestic Feeder Fund

Domestic Firm

Domestic Fund

Domestic Master Fund

ECAI

Effecting Contracts of Insurance

Definitions

under a contract of service or for services or otherwise; or

(iv)

whose services, under an arrangement between that Person and a third party, are placed at the disposal and under the control of that Person.

Means the disclosures required under sections 75, 76 and 77 of FSMR.

Means an agreement under which an Authorised Person agrees with a Client to manage an investment portfolio for that particular Client in accordance with pre-agreed that agreement and where:

investment parameters

in

(a)

the Client's approval of any specific Transaction is not required before undertaking the Transaction; and

(b)

the assets of the Client are discretely held for that Client and no pooling of those assets occurs with the assets of any other Person, except purely for transactional purposes.

Means any record of information recorded physically, electronically or in any other form and, in relation to information recorded otherwise than in legible form, references to its production include references to producing a copy of the information in legible form, or in a form from which it can readily be produced in visible and legible form.

Means a Domestic Fund that is a Feeder Fund.

Means an Authorised Person which:

(a)

has its registered and head office in ADGM; or

(b)

if it is a Subsidiary of an Undertaking whose principal place of business and head office is in a jurisdiction other than ADGM, has its registered office in ADGM.

Means a Fund established or domiciled in ADGM.

Means a Domestic Fund that is a Master Fund.

Means a Credit Rating Agency or an external credit rating agency recognised by the Regulator for the purposes of PRU.

Has the meaning given in paragraph 31 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

32

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

eKYC

eKYC System

Electronic Money Institution

Electronic Remote Payment Transaction

Eligible Bank

Eligible Climate Transition Portfolio Asset

Eligible Climate Transition Fund Property

Eligible Custodian

Eligible Green Fund Property

Eligible Green Portfolio Asset

E-money

E-Money or Electronic Money

Employee

Definitions

Means verification of customer identity by way of non-face-to-face, electronic means only.

Means the technology and associated processes used to undertake eKYC.

Means an undertaking or any other legal person that issues payment in the form of Electronic Money.

Means a Payment Transaction initiated by a Payer to pay for goods or services using electronic means without the simultaneous physical presence of the Payer and the Payee to the Payment Transaction.

Means:

(a)

a Bank;

(b)

a legal entity that is authorised to accept deposits and supervised by the Central Bank; or

(c)

a legal entity that is authorised to accept deposits and supervised by a Non-ADGM Financial Services Regulator and rated at least A- by Standard & Poor’s, or the equivalent by another rating agency as given in PRU 4.11.1.

Means an asset that meets the criteria in COBS 3.8.12.

Means an asset or assets that meet the criteria in FUNDS 20.3.3.

Has the meaning given in FSMR.

Means an asset or assets that meet the criteria in FUNDS 20.2.3.

Means an asset that meets the criteria in COBS 3.8.4.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Has the meaning given in FSMR.

Means