 VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

Inferred Mineral Resources

Has the meaning of the term or equivalent term in a Mining Reporting Standard.

Inside Information

Has the meaning given in section 95 of FSMR.

Insider

Has the meaning given in section 94 of FSMR.

Insider Dealing

Means the behaviour specified in section 92(2) of FSMR.

Insolvency Regulations Means the Insolvency Regulations 2022.

Instrument

Means, in relation to a Derivative, any Investment, asset or thing on which the value of the Derivative may be based.

Instrument Identification Means a unique code to be decided by the Regulator identifying the financial instrument which is the subject of the transaction; or, if the financial instrument in question does not have a unique identification code, the report must include the name of the financial instrument.

Insurance Bank Account Means a bank account with an Eligible Bank in the UAE which has been opened by an Insurance Intermediary in accordance with COBS 7.11.6.

Insurance Business

Means the business of Effecting Contracts of Insurance or Carrying Out Contracts of Insurance as Principal, including effecting or carrying out contracts of reinsurance (as reinsurer) or Captive Insurance Management.

Insurance Fund

Means in relation to a Takaful Insurer, the aggregate of the assets and liabilities of the Insurer that are attributed to the Takaful transactions of the Insurer and the amount of any assets designated by the Insurer as a capital transfer to the insurance fund; and includes the amount of any profit, surplus or return (however called or described), less attributable expenses, arising on the investment of such funds.

Insurance Intermediary Means an Authorised Person who is authorised to carry on the

Regulated Activity of Insurance Intermediation.

Insurance Intermediation

Has the meaning given in paragraph 33 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Insurance Liabilities

Means General liabilities.

Insurance

liabilities and Long-Term

Insurance

Insurance Management

In relation to:

(a)

COBS, means providing management services or exercising and managerial

functions

(including

administration

43

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Insurance Manager

Insurance Monies

Insurance Special Purpose Vehicle (ISPV)

Insurer

Definitions

underwriting) for an insurer i.e. a Person effecting or carrying out Contracts of Insurance; and

(b)

FEES, has the meaning given in paragraph 36 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Means an Authorised Person whose is authorised to carry on the Regulated Activity of Insurance Management.

Means any monies arising from Insurance Intermediation or the Insurance Management business which are any of the following:

(a)

premiums, additional premiums and return premiums of all kinds;

(b)

claims and other payments due under Contracts of Insurance;

(c)

refunds and salvages;

(d)

fees, charges, taxes and similar fiscal levies relating to Contracts of Insurance payable to a Person other than the Insurance Intermediary or Insurance Manager;

(e)

discounts, commissions and brokerage payable to a Person other than the Insurance Intermediary or Insurance Manager; or

(f)

monies received from or on behalf of a Client of an Insurance Manager, in relation to his Insurance Management business.

Means an insurer which:

(a)

assumes risks by way of reinsurance; and

(b)

is required to fully fund its exposures to those risks through the issuance or some other financing proceeds of a debt arrangement where the repayment obligations under those arrangements are subordinated to the insurer's reinsurance obligations.

Means an Authorised Person carrying on in ADGM one or both of the following Regulated Activities for which it has authorisation under its Financial Services Permission:

(a)

Effecting Contracts of Insurance;

(b)

Carrying Out Contracts of Insurance as Principal.

44

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Intangible Assets

Interfacing Systems

Internal Risk Assessment Process (IRAP)

International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)

International Organisation

International Standards on Auditing

Invested Assets

Investment

Investment Analyst

Investment Business

Definitions

Has the meaning given in CIB 3.1.6(1).

Means the systems used by a Third Party Provider that connect to Customers and to Primary Financial Institutions.

Means the internal risk assessment process prescribed in PRU 10.3.

Means the International Financial Reporting Standards as