

Defined Terms

Restricted Scope Company

Restriction Agreement

Restriction Period

Retail Client

Retail Debenture or Sukuk

Retakaful

Reverse Takeover

Rules

Rulebooks

Safe Custody Asset

Safe Custody Auditor's Report

Definitions

Has the meaning given in section 3(4) of the Companies Regulations.

Means an agreement in the form set out in MKT Form 9-1.

Means the specified time during which Restricted Securities are subject to a Restriction Agreement and cannot be disposed of by the Security Holder and/or Controller.

Means a Client specified under COBS 2.3.

Means any Debenture or Sukuk with an Offer allowing for a denomination of US$100,000 or less, not including when the Offer of such Securities is only made by way of an Exempt Offer.

Means reinsurance cover provided in respect of Takaful cover in accordance with Shari'a.

Means a Takeover where a Listed Entity is proposing to acquire Securities over another body and the aggregate number of Equity Securities issued or to be issued by the Listed Entity:

(a)

under the Takeover; and/or

(b)

to fund the cash consideration payable under the Takeover,

is equal to or greater than the number of fully paid Ordinary Securities on issue in the Listed Entity at the date of disclosure of the Takeover. Separate issues may be aggregated if, in the opinion of the Regulator, they form part of the same commercial transaction.

Means Rules made by the Regulator or the ADGM Board, as applicable, in accordance with Part 2 of FSMR.

Means the collection of Rules made by the Regulator or the ADGM Board as applicable, in a single body of work, comprising GLO, GEN, PRU, PIN, MIR, AML, MKT, COBS, FUNDS, CIB, IFR and FEES.

Means:

(a)

a designated Client Investment, which is not the property of the Authorised Person, which is held or to be held for safekeeping by an Authorised Person or Third-Party Agent; or

(b)

a Reserve Investment.

Means a report referred to in GEN 6.6.1(d) and containing the information specified in GEN 6.6.7.

74

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

Safe Custody Rules

Means the Rules in COBS 15.

Salam

Means a contract where the payment for goods is made in advance with such goods to be delivered at a later date.

SAMREC Code

Means the South African Code for the Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves (the SAMREC Code), 2016, and available as specified at: www.samcode.co.za, or as amended or updated.

SAMVAL Code

Means the South African Code for Reporting of the Mineral Asset Valuation (the SAMVAL Code), 2016, and available as specified at: www.samcode.co.za, or as amended or updated.

Sanctions

Means any law executing foreign policy, security, sanction, trade embargo, or anti-terrorism objectives or similar restrictions imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by: (i) the UAE; (ii) the United Nations Security Council; (iii) the European Union; (iv) H.M. Treasury of the United Kingdom; (v) the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) of the U.S. Department of the Treasury; (vi) any other relevant governmental authority; or (vii) any of their successors.

Sanctions List

Means any official list of Persons or entities targeted by Sanctions from time to time.

Scoping Study

Has the meaning of the term or equivalent terms in a Mining Reporting Standard.

SEC

Means the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) of the United States of America.

Securities Note

Means, in relation to a Prospectus structured as multiple documents, the document referred to in MKT 4.5.1(3)(c).

Security

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Security Holder

Means a holder of Securities in a Listed Entity.

Security Purchase Plan Means a program that enables individual investors to purchase a

Listed Entity’s Equity Securities direct from the Listed Entity.

Senior Executive Officer Means, in relation to an Authorised Person, the Controlled Function

described in GEN 5.3.2.

Senior Management

