 VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

member has agreed with the firm to provide segregation arrangements.

Omnibus Client Segregation

Means, in relation to a Recognised Clearing House, ensuring separate records and accounts are kept enabling each Clearing Member to distinguish in accounts with the Recognised Clearing House the proprietary assets and positions of that Clearing Member from those held for the accounts of its Clients.

Operating a Credit Rating Agency

Has the meaning given in paragraph 65 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Operating a Multilateral Trading Facility or Organised Trading Facility

Has the meaning given in paragraph 54 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Operating a Representative Office

Has the meaning given in paragraph 67(2) of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Ordinary Securities

means ordinary Shares or ordinary Units in a Fund (if a Listed Entity does not have ordinary shares or ordinary Units in a Fund, any class of Securities designated by the Regulator).

Ore Reserves

has the meaning of the term or equivalent term in a Mining Reporting Standard.

Organised Trading Facility (OTF)

Means a multilateral system which is not a Recognised Investment Exchange or a Multilateral Trading Facility and which multiple third-party buying and selling interests in Financial Instruments are able to interact in the system in a way that results in a contract in accordance with the provisions of its rules.

OTC Derivative or OTC Derivative Contract

Means a Derivative Contract the execution of which does not take place on a Recognised Investment Exchange.

OTC Leveraged Product Means an OTC Derivative that is:

(a)

a leveraged contract for differences;

(b)

a leveraged rolling spot forex contract;

(c)

an Option over a contract referred to in (a) or (b); or

(d)

any other leveraged Investment similar in nature to an instrument referred to in (a), (b) or (c) but which is not prohibited pursuant to COBS 23.12.1.

57

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

Outsourcing Agreement Means an agreement in writing entered into by a Fund Manager or Trustee with a Service Provider in relation to outsourced functions, which fulfils the criteria in FUNDS App 1.

Overallotment Facility

Means, for the purposes of MKT Chapter 6, a clause in the underwriting agreement or lead management agreement which permits acceptance of subscriptions or Offers to purchase a greater number of Relevant Securities than originally offered.

Overseas Competent Authority

Means a competent authority responsible for the authorisation or supervision of Recognised Clearing Houses in a country or territory other than ADGM.

Oversight Committee

Means a committee of at least three individuals each of whom meets the suitability criteria prescribed in FUNDS 13.3.3.

Owner's Equity

In relation to:

(a)

a Takaful Provider, means the amount of the assets, less the liabilities, of the Insurer that are not attributed to the Takaful Fund of the Takaful Provider; and

(b)

an Authorised Person that manages a PSIA, means the amount of the assets, less the liabilities, of that Authorised Person that are not attributed to any PSIA managed by that Authorised Person.

Parent

Means a Holding Company as defined in section 1015 of the Companies Regulations.

Parent Undertaking

Has the meaning given to that term in the Companies Regulations.

Participants' Investment Fund (PIF)

Means an investment fund: the fund into which a portion of contributions paid by Takaful participants is allocated for the purposes of savings/investment as well as for the purposes of capital formation.

Participants' Risk Fund (PRF)

Means the risk fund used to pool the portion of contributions paid by participants on the basis of Tabarru' for the purpose of meeting claims on events/risk covered under the Takaful contracts.

Partner

Means, in relation to an Undertaking which is a Partnership, a Person occupying the position of a partner, by whatever name called.

Partnership

Means any partnership, including a partnership constituted under the law of a country, jurisdiction or territory outside ADGM, but not including a Limited Liability Partnership.

58

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Passported Fund

Payee

Payer

Payment Account

Payment Account Provider

Payment Initiation Service Provider

Payment Instrument

Payment Order