 or the equivalent by another rating agency as given in PRU 4.11.1.

Means an asset that meets the criteria in COBS 3.8.12.

Means an asset or assets that meet the criteria in FUNDS 20.3.3.

Has the meaning given in FSMR.

Means an asset or assets that meet the criteria in FUNDS 20.2.3.

Means an asset that meets the criteria in COBS 3.8.4.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Has the meaning given in FSMR.

Means an individual:

33

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

(a)

who is employed or appointed by a Person in connection with that Person's business, whether under a contract of service or for services or otherwise; or

(b)

whose services, under an arrangement between that Person and a third party, are placed at the disposal and under the control of that Person.

Employee Incentive Scheme

Means a scheme:

(a)

for the issue or acquisition of Equity Securities in a Listed Entity to be held by, or for the benefit of, participating employees or non-executive directors of the Listed Entity or a Related Entity or their Associates; or

(b)

which, in the opinion of the Regulator, is an Employee Incentive Scheme.

Enhanced Customer Due Diligence

Means undertaking Customer Due Diligence and the enhanced measures under AML 8.4.

Environmental Instrument

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

EPRS

Means Electronic Prudential Reporting System.

Equity Securities

Means Shares, Warrants over Shares, Certificates over Shares, Units in a Fund, Convertible Securities, and any Security that the Regulator decides to classify as an Equity Security.

ETF

Means exchange traded fund.

EU Climate Transition Benchmark

Has the meaning given to it in Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as may be amended from time to time.

EU Green Bond Standard Means the proposed Regulation of the European Parliament and of the

council on European Green Bond.

EU Paris Aligned Benchmark

Hs the meaning given to it in Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as may be amended from time to time.

Evaluation Date

Means the date at which estimates of Petroleum Resources, including estimates of Petroleum Reserves, Contingent Resources, or Prospective Resources are reported by a Competent Person.

Excluded Offers

Has the meaning given in FUNDS Chapter 5.

34

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Execute

Execution-Only Transaction

Exempt Communications

Exempt Fund

Exempt Offer

Exempt Offeror

Exempt Person

Exempt Securities

Expenditure Based Capital Minimum

Expert

Exploration

Exploration Results

Exploration Target

Extraction

Definitions

Means, in relation to a transaction, to carry into effect or perform the transaction, whether as principal or as agent, including instructing another Person to execute the transaction.

Means a Transaction executed by an Authorised Person upon the specific instructions of a Client where the Authorised Person does not give advice of the kind prescribed under article 28 of Chapter 3 of Schedule 1 of FSMR in relation to the Transaction and where, in the case only of Units, the Authorised Person has not Offered those particular Units to that Person.

Means communications referred to in MKT 4.2.1.

Has the meaning given in FUNDS 3.3.3.

Means Offers prescribed in MKT 4.3.1.

Means a recognised government or other person included in the list of Exempt Offerors maintained by the Regulator in accordance with the Rules and in accordance with section 60(2) of FSMR.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Means Securities prescribed in MKT 4.4.

Means a capital requirement calculated in accordance with PRU 3.7.

Has the meaning given in MKT 4.10.2.

Means the process by which geological information is collected and analysed to identify Mineralisation, as well as determining the economic feasibility of their Extraction (and includes geophysical surveys).

Has the meaning of the term or equivalent term in a Mining Reporting Standard.

Has the meaning of the term or equivalent term in a Mining Reporting Standard.

Means the crushing and separation of Mineralisation by a variety