 different organs of the Reporting Entity; and

(v)

relationship between the organs of the Reporting Entity and the members of the Reporting Entity or holders of the Issuer's Securities; and

(b)

all other cases, means the principles prescribed in MKT 9.2.3 to 9.2.9.

Means providing advice or arranging credit relating to an acquisition, disposal, structuring, restructuring, financing or refinancing of a corporation or other legal entity, but excludes any advice on financial products or arranging of credit or deals in Investments given to an individual for the purposes of, or in connection with, the management of that individual's investments.

25

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

Correspondent Account Means an account opened on behalf of a Correspondent Banking Client to receive deposits from, to make payments on behalf of or to otherwise handle financial transactions for or on behalf of the Correspondent Banking Client.

Correspondent Bank

Means a bank in a jurisdiction other than ADGM where an Authorised Person opens a Correspondent Account.

Correspondent Banking Client

Means a Client of an Authorised Person which uses the firm's correspondent banking services account to clear transactions for its own customer base.

Counterparty

Means any Person with or for whom an Authorised Person carries on, or intends to carry on, any regulated business or associated business. In this context, a Counterparty includes an individual, unincorporated association, Company, government, local authority or other public body.

Court

Means the ADGM Court.

CRCOM

Means a Credit Risk Capital Requirement method in PRU 4.8.

Credit

Includes any cash loan or other financial accommodation.

Credit Facility

Means any facility which includes any arrangement or agreement which extends monetary credit whether funded or unfunded to a Person including but not limited to any loan or syndicated loan, letter of credit, financial mortgage, overdraft, financial lease, guarantee, trade finance, transaction finance, project finance or asset finance.

Credit Quality Grade

Means a credit quality step in a credit quality assessment scale. A credit quality assessment scale is a scale to which the credit assessments of an ECAI are mapped.

Credit Rating

Has the meaning given in COBS Rule 9.1.2(b).

Credit Rating Agency

Means a Person carrying on in or from ADGM the Regulated Activity of Operating a Credit Rating Agency for which it has an authorisation under its Financial Services Permission.

Credit Risk

Means, in relation to an Authorised Person, the risk of loss if another party fails to perform on its financial obligation to the Authorised Person.

Credit Value Date

Means the date upon which Money placed in a Payment Account may be accessed by the holder of the Payment Account following a Payment Transaction.

26

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

CSD Link

Customer

Customer Due Diligence (CDD)

Cyber Incident

Cyber Incident Response Plan

Cyber Risk

Cyber Risk Management Framework

Definitions

Means a link between two Central Securities Depositories, as described in COBS 10.4.1.

In relation to:

(a)

MKT, means:

(i)

a Person where, in relation to a business relationship between a Person and a Relevant Person, there is a firm intention or commitment by each party to enter into a contractual relationship or where there is a firm commitment by each party to enter into a Transaction, in connection with a product or service provided by the Relevant Person;

(ii)

a Client of an Authorised Person;

(iii)

a Member or prospective Member of, or an applicant for admission of Financial Instruments to trading on, a Investment Exchange or Recognised Recognised Clearing House; or

(iv)

a Person with whom a Relevant Person is otherwise establishing or has established a business relationship; and

(b)

otherwise, means a person who is using, or who is or may be contemplating using, any of the services provided by an Authorised Person or Recognised Body.

Has the meaning given in AML 8.3.

Means an information or communication technology that adversely affects an Authorised Person’s ICT Assets or the information it processes, stores or transmits.

incident arising

from the use of

Means a plan for dealing with Cyber Incidents, as required by GEN 3.5.16.

Means the combination of the probability of Cyber Incidents occurring and their impact.

Means a framework to identify