Accounting Records

Definitions

Means a classification system that determines which economic activities are environmentally sustainable using credible and independent accreditation standards, that is published by a governmental body or a reputable industry association and freely available.

Means customary practices in the financial market or markets in question which are accepted by the Regulator.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

In relation to:

(a)

FUNDS, means:

(i)

money received by way of Deposit is lent to others; or

(ii)

any other activity of the Person accepting the Deposit is financed, wholly or to a material extent, out of the capital of or returns on any money received by way of Deposit; and

(b)

GEN and FEES, has the meaning given in paragraph 38 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Means records and underlying documents comprising initial and other accounting entries and associated supporting documents such as:

(a)

cheques;

(b)

records of electronic fund transfers;

(c)

invoices;

(d)

contracts;

(e)

the general and subsidiary ledgers, journal entries and other adjustments to the financial statements that are not reflected in journal entries; and

(f)

work sheets and spread sheets supporting cost allocations, computations, reconciliations and disclosures.

3

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Acting as a Central Securities Depository

Acting as the Administrator of a Collective Investment Fund

Acting as the Trustee of an Investment Trust

Activities

Actuary

ADGM

ADGM Board

ADGM Climate Transition Fund

ADGM Climate Transition Fund Designation

ADGM Climate Transition Fund Rules

ADGM Climate Transition Portfolio

ADGM Climate Transition Portfolio Designation

Definitions

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Has the meaning given in paragraph 60 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Has the meaning given in paragraph 61 of Schedule 1 of FSMR

In relation to GEN 2.1.2 and 2.1.3, means:

(a)

a Regulated Activity;

(b)

activities carried on in connection with a Regulated Activity;

(c)

activities held out as being for the purpose of a Regulated Activity; and

(d)

in relation to any particular Principle, any activity specified in GEN 2.1.3(2), (3) and (4).

Means an individual who is a 'Fellow', or the holder of an equivalent qualification or rank, of a professional actuarial body that is a full member of the International Actuarial Association.

Means the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

Means the Board of Directors of ADGM.

Means a Fund that has received an ADGM Climate Transition Fund Designation from the Regulator.

Means the designation provided by the Regulator to an ADGM Climate Transition Fund pursuant to FUNDS 20.4.4 or 20.4.6.

Means FUNDS 20.3.

Means a Model Portfolio that complies with the ADGM Climate Transition Portfolio Rules.

Means the designation provided by the Regulator to an ADGM Climate Transition Portfolio pursuant to COBS 3.8.22.

4

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

ADGM Climate Transition Portfolio Rules

Means COBS 3.8.10 to 3.8.18

ADGM Entity

Means a Legal Person which is incorporated or registered in ADGM (excluding a registered Branch).

ADGM Founding Law

Means Abu Dhabi Law No. 4 of 2013 concerning the ADGM issued by His Highness the Ruler of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi.

ADGM Green Debenture Means a Debenture that meets the requirements of MKT 4.15.2.

ADGM Green Bond Designation

Means the designation provided by the Regulator to an ADGM Green Debenture pursuant to MKT 4.15.7 to 4.15.11.

ADGM Green Fund

Means a Fund that has received an ADGM Green Fund Designation from the Regulator.

ADGM Green Fund Designation

Means the designation provided by the Regulator to an ADGM Green Fund pursuant to either FUNDS 20.4.4 or 20.4.6.

ADGM Green Fund Rules Means FUNDS 20.2.

ADGM Green Portfolio

Means a Model Portfolio that has received an ADGM Green Portfolio Design