 directs the Authorised Person to include in accordance with PRU 8.1.2 or PIN 8.1.2.

Means the Report referred to in PIN 6.6.1.

Means the Capital Requirement of a Financial Group calculated in accordance with PRU 8.3.3 or PIN 8.3.4.

Means the Capital Resources of a Financial Group calculated in accordance with PRU 8.3.4 or PIN 8.3.3.

Means:

(a)

(i)

an Authorised Person; or

(ii)

any Person that carries out as its principal business an activity which would be a Regulated Activity if carried out in ADGM; and

(b)

that is not one of the following:

(i)

a governmental organisation, including the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates or its equivalent in any state;

(ii)

a multilateral development bank.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

37

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Financial Intermediary

Financial Services Permission

Financial Services Regulator

Financial Statement Auditor's Report

FIU

Foreign Fund

Foreign Fund Manager

Foreign Provision

Framework Contract

FSMR

Fund

Fund Administrator

Fund Auditor's Report

Fund Manager

Fund Property

Fund Return

Definitions

Means, for the purposes of MKT 4.6.5, an Authorised Person or a Person with a Financial Services Permission and supervised by the Regulator.

Means a permission given, or having effect as if so given, by the Regulator in accordance with Part 4 of FSMR.

Means a regulator of financial services activities established in a jurisdiction other than ADGM

Means a report referred to in GEN 6.6.1(a).

Means the Financial Intelligence Unit of the UAE.

Means a Fund that is not a Domestic Fund.

Means a Fund Manager that is neither established in, nor operates from a place of business in, ADGM.

Means, in relation to GEN 4.6.1(2)(c), any laws, regulations or administrative provisions of a country, territory or jurisdiction other than ADGM.

Means a contract for the performance of Payment Services that governs the future execution of individual and successive Payment Transactions and which may contain the obligation and conditions for setting up a Payment Account.

Means the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015.

Means a Collective Investment Fund.

Means an Authorised Person which is authorised under its Financial Services Permission to Act as the Administrator of a Collective Investment Fund or a Person who is authorised or licensed by a Non-ADGM Financial Services Regulator to provide such administration.

Means a report referred to in GEN 6.6.1(e) and containing the content specified in GEN 6.6.8.

Means a Person responsible for the management of the property held for or within a Fund and who otherwise operates the Fund.

Means the property held for or within a Fund.

The return described in CIB 2.3.5(5).

38

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

FUNDS

Future

GEN

General Insurance

General Insurance Business

General Insurance Liabilities

General Partner

General Prohibition

General Takaful

GLO

Global Return

Governing Body

Governing Contract

Definitions

Means the Funds Rulebook.

Has the meaning given in paragraph 95 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Means the General Rulebook.

Means insurance other than Long-Term Insurance.

Means the business of Effecting Contracts of Insurance or Carrying Out Contracts of Insurance, where the Contracts of Insurance are contracts of General Insurance.

Means liabilities of an Insurer arising under or associated with contracts of General Insurance entered into by it, as insurer or Cedant, including liabilities in respect of claims (whether or not incurred), acquisition costs and claims settlement costs.

Means the general partner of a Partnership (including an Investment Partnership).

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Has the meaning given in IFR 2.4.1(xvi).

Means the Glossary Rulebook.

Means the return described in CIB 2.3.5(3).

In relation to:

(a)

FUNDS, and in relation to a Fund, means a Person or a body of Persons who together form the directing mind of the Fund including but not limited to:

(i)

its Fund Manager, a member of its main or supervisory