Glossary Rulebook (GLO)

(VER23.290725)

GLO VER23.290725

1.

INTRODUCTION

1.1

Application

1.1.1 This Rulebook ("GLO") applies to every Person to whom any of the Rulebooks apply.

1.2

Defined Terms

1.2.1

In the Rulebooks:

(1)

a word or phrase which is defined in GLO is a defined term and has the meaning given in GLO; and

(2)

a word or phrase which relates to a defined term must be interpreted accordingly.

Guidance

1.

Defined terms are identified throughout the Rulebook by the capitalisation of the initial letter of a word or of each word in a phrase. Unless the context otherwise requires, where capitalisation of the initial letter or letters of a word of phrase is not used, the word or phrase has its natural meaning.

2.

Many of the defined terms in GLO are used or defined in the relevant ADGM Regulations or Rules made under such Regulations. In these cases, GLO may refer to the provision in the Regulations and Rules which are the source of such a definition.

3.

Each Rulebook has a reference code of three or four letters, usually a contraction or abbreviation of its title (for example, COBS stands for the Conduct of Business Rulebook). The meaning of each of these codes is given in GLO.

4.

The singular form of Rule or Rulebook is used to identify each individual Rule or Rulebook, while the plural form refers to a collective set of Rules or Rulebooks, unless expressly stated otherwise.

5.

GEN 4.2 provides further important guidance on interpreting words and phrases.

1

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

1P

1U

2P

2U

3P

3U

AAOIFI

AAOIFI GSIFI

Abu Dhabi Global Market Financial System or ADGM Financial System

Acceptable Climate Transition Taxonomy

Definitions

Means the low estimate scenario of Petroleum Reserves. It is equivalent to Proved Reserves.

has the meaning of the term or equivalent term in the PRMS.

Means the best estimate scenario of Petroleum Reserves. It is equivalent to the sum of Proved Reserves plus Probable Reserves.

Means the best estimate of the quantity that will actually be recovered from an accumulation by a Petroleum Project. It is the most realistic assessment of recoverable quantities if only a single result were reported. When Probabilistic Methods are used, there should be at least a 50% probability (P50) that the quantities actually recovered will equal or exceed 2P.

Means the high estimate scenario of Petroleum Reserves. It is equivalent to the sum of Proved Reserves plus Probable Reserves plus Possible Reserves.

Means an optimistic estimate of the quantity that will actually be recovered from an accumulation by a Petroleum Project. When Probabilistic Methods are used, there should be at least a 10% probability (P10) that the quantities actually recovered will equal or exceed 3U.

Means the Accounting and Auditing Organisation of Islamic Financial Institutions.

Means the AAOIFI Global Standards for Islamic Finance Institutions.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Means a classification system established to clarify those economic activities that:

a) are not currently zero or near-zero emitters of greenhouse

gases, but

b) assist the transition of an economy towards lower carbon

emissions or becoming more environmentally sustainable; and

uses credible and independent accreditation standards, is published by a governmental body or a reputable industry association and freely available.

2

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Acceptable Green Taxonomy

Accepted Market Practices

Accepted Spot Commodity

Accepted Virtual Asset

Accepting Deposits

Accounting Records

Definitions

Means a classification system that determines which economic activities are environmentally sustainable using credible and independent accreditation standards, that is published by a governmental body or a reputable industry association and freely available.

Means customary practices in the financial market or markets in question which are accepted by the Regulator.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

In relation to:

(a)

FUNDS, means:

(i)

money received by way of Deposit is lent to others; or

(ii)

any other activity of the Person accepting the