 a Partnership is or has been a member, manager or agent of A; or

(g)

if A is an unincorporated association of persons which is not a Partnership, is or has been an officer, manager or agent of A.

Has the meaning given in MKT in accordance with section 76(2)(a) of FSMR.

Means in relation to a Fund:

(a)

which is in the form of a Body Corporate, the instrument of incorporation;

(b)

which is in the form of an Investment Trust, the trust deed;

(c)

which is in the form of a Partnership, the partnership deed; or

(d)

adopting a form other than one specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) of this definition, an instrument creating the legal form of the Fund to which the Fund Manager is a party setting out

23

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Consumed in Operations (CiO)

Contingent Liability Investments

Contingent Resources

Contract of Insurance

Contravention

Controlled Function

Controller

Convertible

Corporate Finance Business

Definitions

provisions relating to any aspect of the operation or management of the Fund.

Means that portion of produced Petroleum consumed as fuel in production or lease plant operations before delivery to the market at the Reference Point.

Means a Derivative under the terms of which the Client will or may be liable to make further payments (other than Charges, and whether or not secured by margin) at closing or expiry of the Derivative or upon the earlier closing out of the Client’s position.

Means those quantities of Petroleum estimated, as of a given date, to be potentially recoverable from known accumulations by application of development Petroleum Projects, but which are not currently considered to be commercially recoverable due to one or more contingencies.

Has the meaning given in Part 4 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Means a contravention of any Regulations or Rules made by the ADGM Board and the Regulator, as the case may be.

Means the Senior Executive Officer, Licensed Director, Licensed Partner, Finance Officer, Compliance Officer, Senior Manager, Money Laundering Reporting Officer and Responsible Officer functions described in GEN 5.3.

In relation to:

(a)

GEN, MIR, PRU, COBS, IFR and FEES, means in relation to an Authorised Person or Recognised Body, a Person who, either alone or with any Associate fulfils the criteria specified in GEN 8.8.2;

(b)

MKT, means a Person who meets the criteria specified in MKT 3.6.1(2) or MKT 7.3.2(2).

Means, in relation to a Financial Instrument, the contractual feature that gives an investor the right to convert into a Security at an agreed price or on an agreed basis.

Means, in relation to COBS, carrying on of the following Regulated Activities:

(a)

Dealing in Investments as Principal or Agent;

(b)

Arranging Deals in Investments;

24

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Corporate Governance

Corporate Structuring and Financing

Definitions

(c)

Arranging and Providing Credit;

(d)

Advising on Investments or Credit;

(e)

Managing a Collective Investment Fund; or

(f)

Acting as the Trustee of an Investment Trust;

in relation to Specified Investments listed in Schedule 1 of FSMR except for the following:

(i)

Deposits (paragraph 85); and

(ii)

Contracts of Insurance (paragraph 86).

In relation to:

(a)

a Reporting Entity, means the:

(i)

nature, constitution or functions of the organs of the Reporting Entity;

(ii)

manner in which organs of the Reporting Entity conduct themselves;

(iii)

requirements imposed on organs of the Reporting Entity;

(iv)

relationship between the different organs of the Reporting Entity; and

(v)

relationship between the organs of the Reporting Entity and the members of the Reporting Entity or holders of the Issuer's Securities; and

(b)

all other cases, means the principles prescribed in MKT 9.2.3 to 9.2.9.

Means providing advice or arranging credit relating to an acquisition, disposal, structuring, restructuring, financing or refinancing of a corporation or other legal entity, but excludes any advice on financial products or arranging of credit or deals in Investments given to an individual for the purposes of, or in