

Captive Insurance Management

Captive Insurance Manager

Captive Insurer

Definitions

Means the written rules of a Recognised Investment Exchange which govern the membership and the operations of a financial market operated by it.

In relation to MKT Chapter 6, means trading in own Shares in accordance with the Companies Regulations, or other comparable legislation relevant to non-ADGM incorporated Listed Entities.

Means the Low Estimate scenario of Contingent Resources.

Means the Best Estimate scenario of Contingent Resources.

Means the High Estimate scenario of Contingent Resources.

Means Tier 1 Capital, as defined in PRU.

Means the minimum amount of Capital Resources an Authorised Person must hold, calculated in accordance with the applicable provisions of PRU Chapter 3.

Means the total capital resources of an Authorised Person calculated in accordance with PRU 3.15.

Means a:

(a) Class 1 Captive Cell;

(b) Class 2 Captive Cell;

(c) Class 3 Captive Cell; or

(d) Class 4 Captive Cell.

Has the meaning given in CIB 1.2.

Means the Captive Insurance Business Rulebook.

Has the meaning given in CIB 1.8.

Has the meaning given in CIB 1.8.1.

Means an Authorised Person permitted under the conditions of its Financial Services Permission to carry on Captive Insurance Business as a Class 1, Class 2, Class 3 or Class 4 Captive Insurer

13

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Carrying Out Contracts of Insurance as Principal

Category

Category 3B

Category 3C

Category 4

Cedant

Cell

Cell Company

Cell Return

Cell Share Capital

Cell Shares

Cellular Asset

Central Bank

Central Counterparty Services

Certificate

Definitions

Has the meaning given in paragraph 32 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Means a prudential grouping of Authorised Persons which determines the application of the Rules in PRU, as outlined in PRU 1.3.

Has the meaning given in PRU 1.3.

Has the meaning given in PRU 1.3.

Has the meaning given in PRU 1.3.

Means an ADGM Captive Insurer which arranges to transfer all or part of the risk undertaken under a Contract of Insurance to another Insurer, in order to reduce its exposure.

Means a cell created by a Protected Cell Company or an Incorporated Cell Company for the purpose of segregating and protecting Cellular Assets in the manner provided by the Companies Regulations.

Means a Protected Cell Company or an Incorporated Cell Company.

The return described in CIB 2.3.5(4).

Means capital comprising of the proceeds of the issue of Cell Shares.

Means shares created and issued by a Protected Cell Company or an Incorporated Cell Company in respect of one of its Cells.

Means an asset of a Protected Cell Company or an Incorporated Cell Company attributable to a Cell of that Protected Cell Company or Incorporated Cell Company.

Means the Central Bank of the UAE or its equivalent in another country, territory or jurisdiction.

Means the services provided by a Recognised Clearing House where it legally interposes itself between counterparties to contracts traded within a Recognised Investment Exchange or Remote Investment Exchange, becoming the buyer to every seller and the seller to every buyer.

In relation to:

(a)

MKT, means an instrument:

14

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Charge

Chief Executive (CEO)

Definitions

(i)

which confers on the bidder contractual or property rights to or in respect of a Share, Debenture, Unit or Warrant held by a Person; and

(ii)

the transfer of which may be effected by the holder without the consent of that other Person; but excludes rights under an Option; and

(b)

FEES, has the meaning given in paragraph 92 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Means any form of security, including a mortgage.

In relation to:

(a)

the CMC, means:

(i)

in relation to a Body Corporate whose principal place of business is within ADGM, an employee of that body who, alone or jointly with one or more others, is responsible under the immediate authority of the Directors, for the conduct of the whole of the business of that body; or

(ii)

in relation to a Body Corporate whose principal place of business is outside AD