3.2 and MKT 12.3.2.

Means one of the following valuation standards used to provide a Valuation Report with regards to Minerals, being:

(a)

the VALMIN Code;

(b)

the SAMVAL Code; and

(c)

the CIMVAL Code.

Means a capital requirement calculated in accordance with Rules 3.6A.2, 3.6A.4 and 3.6A.6 of PRU as applicable for the activities undertaken by a Money Remitter or a Payment Service Provider.

86

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

Venture Capital Fund

Has the meaning given in FUNDS 4.1.6.

Venue identification

Means executed. That Investment Exchange's unique harmonised identification code.

identification of the venue where the transaction was identification shall consist of the Recognised

Virtual Asset

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Waiver

Means, in relation to GEN 8.2, a Direction given under section 9 of FSMR that one or more Rules made by the Regulator are not to apply to an Authorised Person, a Recognised Body, a Remote Body, a Remote Member, a Foreign Fund Manager, a Person making an Offer of Securities or a Reporting Entity as specified in the Direction.

Wakala

Means a contract of agency in which one party appoints another party to perform a certain task on its behalf (i.e. to invest amounts in Shari'a- compliant income generating assets), usually for payment a fee or commission.

Wakeel

Means the investment agent under a Wakala arrangement.

Warrant

In relation to:

(a)

MKT, means an instrument that confers on the holder a right entitling the holder to acquire an unissued Share, Debenture or Unit; and

(b)

FEES, has the meaning given in paragraph 91(1) of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Weighted Voting Rights Means the voting power attached to a particular class of Share that is greater or superior to the voting power attached to an Ordinary Share, or other governance right or arrangement disproportionate to the beneficiary’s economic interest in the Equity Securities.

Whistleblower Protection Regulations

Means the Whistleblower Protection Regulations 2024.

Winding-Up

Means a voluntary winding-up or winding up by the Court performed in accordance with Part 3 of the Insolvency Regulations.

Zakat

Means a Zakat tax, the third pillar of Islam; obligatory alms giving or charity.

Zone 1

Means any of the following countries:

Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Italy, Japan, Germany, Greece, Hong Kong,

Iceland,

Ireland,

87

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States of America.

88