, means a person who is using, or who is or may be contemplating using, any of the services provided by an Authorised Person or Recognised Body.

Has the meaning given in AML 8.3.

Means an information or communication technology that adversely affects an Authorised Person’s ICT Assets or the information it processes, stores or transmits.

incident arising

from the use of

Means a plan for dealing with Cyber Incidents, as required by GEN 3.5.16.

Means the combination of the probability of Cyber Incidents occurring and their impact.

Means a framework to identify, assess and manage Cyber Risk as required by GEN 3.5.1.

27

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Data Protection Regulations

Dealing in Investments as Agent

Dealing in Investments as Principal

Dealing in Securities

Debenture

Definitions

Means the Data Protection Regulations 2021.

Means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 12 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Has the meaning given in paragraph 4 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Means, in relation to MKT 9.4.2:

(a)

any acquisition or disposal of, or agreement to acquire or dispose of, Securities of the Authorised Person;

(b)

entering into a contract (such as a contract for difference) the purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss by reference to fluctuations in the price of the Securities of the Authorised Person;

(c)

the grant, acceptance, acquisition, disposal, exercise or discharge of any option to acquire or dispose of any Securities of the Authorised Person;

(d)

entering into, terminating, assigning or novating any stock in respect of the Securities of the lending agreement Authorised Person;

(e)

using as security, or otherwise granting a Charge, lien or other encumbrance over the Securities of the Authorised Person; or

(f)

any other for no consideration, or the exercise of any power or discretion effecting a change of ownership of a beneficial interest in, the Securities of the Authorised Person.

transaction

including a

transfer

Means an instrument creating or acknowledging indebtedness, whether secured or not, but excludes:

(a)

an instrument creating or acknowledging indebtedness for, or for money borrowed to defray, the consideration payable under a contract for the supply of goods or services;

(b)

a cheque or other bill of exchange, a banker's draft or a letter of credit (but not a bill of exchange accepted by a banker);

(c)

a banknote, a statement showing a balance on a bank account, or a lease or other disposition of property; and

(d)

a Contract of Insurance.

28

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Debenture Warrants

Debit Value Date

Debt Financial Instrument

Deemed Trust

Default Rules

Delegation Agreement

Delivery Versus Payment Transaction

Deposit

Definitions

Means any Warrants which relate to Debentures in the Authorised Person concerned issued by the Authorised Person.

Means the date upon which Money is debited from the Payment Account of the Payer.

Means bonds or other forms of transferable securitised debts, with the exception of Securities which are equivalent to Shares in companies or which, if converted or if the rights conferred by them are exercised, give rise to a right to acquire Shares or Securities equivalent to Shares.

Has the meaning given in COBS 14.12.1.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Means an agreement in writing entered into by a Fund Manager or Trustee with a Service Provider in relation to delegated activities, which fulfils the criteria in FUNDS App 1.

A transaction in which the transfer of Investments and the payment of Money between the buyer and seller are intended to occur around the same time.

In relation to:

(a)

FEES, has the meaning given in paragraph 85 of Schedule 1 of FSMR; and

(b)

FUNDS and COBS, means a sum of money paid on terms:

(i)

under which it will be repaid, with or without interest or a premium, and either on demand or at a time or in circumstances agreed by or on behalf of the Person making the payment and the Person receiving it; and

(ii)

which is not referable to the provision of property (other than currency) or services or the giving