urer which is:

(a)

permitted under the conditions of its Financial Services Permission to effect or carry out Contracts of Insurance only for risks related to or arising out of the business or operations of persons who engage in similar, related or common:

(1)

businesses;

(2)

activities;

(3)

trade;

(4)

services; or

(5)

operations;

including for this purpose only contracts of reinsurance in respect of such risks insured by the Cedant, and

(b)

owned by such Persons or by a Body Corporate of which all such Persons are members.

Class 4 Captive Insurer Means an ADGM Incorporated Insurer that does not meet the

requirements for a Class 1 Captive Insurer, Class 2 Captive Insurer or Class 3 Captive Insurer.

Class of Business

A classification of insurance contracts having similar characteristics, specified Part 4 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Clearing

Means, in relation to a Recognised Clearing House or Remote Clearing House, the process of establishing positions, including the calculation of net obligations and ensuring that Securities, cash, or

17

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Clearing Member

Clearing Member Client Contract

Clearing Rules

Clearing Services

Client

Client Account

Definitions

both, are available to secure the exposures arising from those positions.

Means, in relation to a Recognised Clearing House or Remote Clearing House, an undertaking which participates in a Recognised Clearing House or Remote Clearing House and which is responsible for discharging the financial obligations arising from that participation.

Means a contract between a Recognised Clearing House or Remote Clearing House, and one or more of the parties mentioned in section 151(6) of FSMR which is recorded in the accounts of the Recognised Clearing House or Remote Clearing House as a position held for the account of a Client, an Indirect Client or a group of Clients or Indirect Clients.

Means the written rules governing the provision of Clearing and Clearing Services by a Recognised Clearing House.

Means:

(a)

the services provided by a Recognised Body or Remote Body in connection with contracts between each of the parties or the Recognised Body or Remote Body (in place of, or as an alternative to, a contract directly between the parties);

(b)

the services provided by a Recognised Body or Remote Body to another Recognised Body or Remote Body in connection with contracts between them; or

(c)

the services provided by a Recognised Investment Exchange to a Recognised Clearing House or to another Recognised Investment Exchange in connection with contracts between them,

for the purpose of enabling the rights and liabilities of that Member, Recognised Investment Exchange, Remote Body or other Recognised Clearing House under a transaction to be settled.

Means a Retail Client or Professional Client as defined in COBS 2.

In relation to:

(a)

Client Money and Relevant Money, means an account as described in COBS 14.6.1; and

(b)

a Safe Custody Asset, means an account specified in COBS 15.4.2.

18

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Client Agreement

Client Assets

Client Equity Balance

Client Investments

Client Money

Client Money Auditor's Report

Client Money Distribution Rules

Client Money Rules

Climate Transition Fund Attestation Requirement

Climate Transition Fund Investment Requirement

Climate Transition Portfolio Attestation Requirement

Climate Transition Portfolio Investment Requirement

Close Links or Closely Linked

Definitions

Means an agreement between an Authorised Person and a Client which is made or entered into in accordance with COBS 3.3.

Means Client Money and Client Investments.

Means the amount which a firm would be liable (ignoring any non-cash collateral held) to pay to a Client (or the Client to the firm) in respect of its margined transactions if each of its open positions was liquidated at the closing or settlement prices published by the relevant exchange or other appropriate pricing source and the Client’s account closed. This refers to cash values and does not include non-cash collateral or other designated investments held in respect of a margined transaction.

Means all Investments held or controlled on behalf of Client in the course of, or in connection with, the carrying on of the Investment Business.

Means money of any currency which an Authorised Person holds on behalf of a Client (including any