 to under FSMR and MIR.

Regulatory Provision

Has the meaning given to that term in section 138(1)(a) of FSMR.

Regulatory Return

Means any document or information required to be filed with or delivered to the Regulator in accordance with FSMR or the Rulebooks.

Regulatory Returns Auditor's Report

Means a report referred to in GEN 6.6.1(b) and containing the information specified in GEN 6.6.4 and 6.6.5.

Related

Means in respect of one entity, the first entity, being in the position relative to that entity of:

(a)

a second entity that is a Subsidiary, Associate or Holding Company of the first entity;

(b)

a second entity that is a Subsidiary or Associate of the Holding Company of the first entity;

(c)

a director or officer of the first entity or of an entity that is related to the first entity by reason of paragraphs (a) or (b) above;

(d)

the spouse or minor child of a Natural Person referred to in paragraph (c) above; or

(e)

a company that is a Subsidiary of or subject to significant influence by or from a Natural Person referred to in paragraphs (c) or (d) above.

Related Investment

Means, in relation to a Financial Instrument, an Investment whose price or value depends on the price or value of the Financial Instruments.

Related Party

Has the meaning given to that term in MKT 9.5.2(a).

Related Party Associate Means a spouse or a child of a Related Party.

Related Party Transaction

Has the meaning given to that term in MKT 9.5.2(b).

Relevant Money

Means:

(c)

sums received from or for the benefit of a Payment Service User in the course of the execution of a Payment Transaction, whether held on behalf of a Payment Service User in a Payment Account or exchanged for a Payment Instrument or Stored

70

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

Value, or sums received from a Payment Service Provider for the execution of a Payment Transaction on behalf of a Payment Service User; or

(d) where the Authorised Person has issued a Fiat-Referenced

Token:

(i)

proceeds earned from the issuance of a Fiat-Referenced Token;

(ii)

interest or other gains earned from the holding of Reserve Investments; or

(iii) proceeds earned from the sale of Reserve Investments.

Relevant Office Holder

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Relevant Person

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Relevant Provisions

Means, in relation to COBS, "relevant provisions" means any provisions of the default rules of a Non-ADGM Recognised Clearing House which provide for the transfer of the positions or assets of a defaulting clearing member; are not necessary for the purposes of complying with the minimum requirements of Part 12 of FSMR; and may be relevant to a question falling to be determined in accordance with the laws of ADGM.

Relevant Requirements Means the requirements specified in section 163 and 164 of FSMR.

Relevant Securities

Means, in relation to MKT Chapter 6:

(a)

Shares in Companies and other Securities equivalent to Shares in Companies;

(b)

bonds and other forms of securitised debt, which are negotiable on the capital market; and

(c)

any other Securities normally dealt in giving the right to acquire any such Securities by subscription or exchange or giving rise to a cash settlement,

excluding Instruments of payment, provided that such Instruments in paragraphs (a), (b), or (c) are admitted to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange or for which a request for admission to trading on such a Recognised Investment Exchange has been made, and which are the subject of a Significant Distribution.

71

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

Remote Body

Means a Remote Investment Exchange or Remote Clearing House which has been granted a Recognition Order in accordance with section 127 of FSMR.

Remote Clearing House Means a clearing house operating outside the ADGM which has been granted a Recognition Order in accordance with section 127(2)(b) of FSMR.

Remote Investment Exchange

investment exchange or multilateral trading facility Means an operating outside the ADGM which has been granted a Recognition Order