, dealing and advising activities in relation to the Units of the Passported Fund.

Means in relation to a Listed Entity or Applicant for admission of its Securities to the Official List:

(a)

a person who, in the opinion of the Regulator, has had a material involvement in the formation or promotion of the entity;

(b)

unless the Regulator decides otherwise, a person who:

(c)

(i)

is; or

(ii)

has been at any time in the months before the date of the entity’s application for admission of its Securities to the Official List; or

(iii)

will be at the date of admission to the Official List,

(A)

a Connected Person of the Listed Entity; or

(B)

a person whose relationship with the Listed Entity or with a person referred to in (a) or (b) above is, in the opinion of the Regulator, such

64

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

that the person should be subject to the same Restriction Period as a promoter of the Listed Entity.

Pro Rata Issue

Means an issue which has been offered to all holders of Securities in a class on a pro rata basis.

Property Fund

Means a Fund dedicated to investment in Real Property and in Securities issued by Bodies Corporate whose main activities are investing in, dealing in, developing or redeveloping Real Property.

Pro Rata Issue

Means an issue which has been offered to all holders of Securities in a class on a pro rata basis.

Prospective Resources means those quantities of Petroleum which are estimated, as of a given date, to be potentially recoverable from undiscovered accumulations.

Prospectus

Means a prospectus submitted in accordance with section 61 of FSMR. In relation to Collective Investment Funds, a Prospectus refers to (where section 61 of FSMR does not apply):

(a)

an information memorandum;

(b)

an offering memorandum;

(c)

a private placement memorandum; or

(d)

any other similar document.

Prospectus Offer

Means, in relation to Securities to which section 61 of FSMR applies, an Offer of Securities or having Securities admitted to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange.

Protected Cell Company Means a company incorporated as, or converted into, a Protected Cell

Company in accordance with the Companies Regulations.

Protected Disclosure

Has the meaning given in section 4(1) of the Whistleblower Protection Regulations.

Proved Ore Reserves

Has the meaning of the term or equivalent term in a Mining Reporting Standard.

Proved Reserves

Means those quantities of Petroleum, which by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be commercially recoverable, from a given date forward, from known reservoirs and under defined economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations. If Deterministic Methods are used, the term reasonable certainty is intended to express a high

65

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

degree of confidence that the quantities will be recovered. When Probabilistic Methods are used, there should be at least a 90% probability that the quantities actually recovered equal or exceed the estimate.

Providing Credit

Has the meaning given in paragraph 48 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Providing Custody

Means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 43 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Providing Information in Relation to a Specified Benchmark

Has the meaning given in paragraph 68(1)(a) of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Providing Money Services

Has the meaning given in paragraph 52 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Providing Third Party Services

Has the meaning given in paragraph 73F of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Providing Trust Services Has the meaning given in paragraph 72 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

PIN

Means the Prudential – Insurance Business Rulebook.

PRU

Means the Prudential - Investment, Insurance Intermediation and Banking Rulebook.

Prudential Context

Means in relation to activities carried on by a Authorised Person, the context in which the activities might have, or might reasonably be regarded as likely to have, a negative effect on:

(a)

confidence in the financial stability of ADGM;

(b)

the ability of the Authorised Person to meet the applicable Non-ADGM Financial Services Regulator requirements and standards relating to the Authorised Person's financial resources; or