 is authorised under its Financial Services Permission to Act as the Trustee of the Investment Trust.

Means the United Arab Emirates.

Has the meaning given in FUNDS 4.1.4.

84

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Undertaking

Underwriting

Unique Identifier

Unit

Unit Price

Unitholder

Units

Unlawful Organisation

Unproven Asset

Definitions

Means:

(a)

a Body Corporate or Partnership; or

(b)

an unincorporated association carrying on a trade or business, with or without a view to profit.

Means an arrangement under which a party agrees to buy, before issue, a specified quantity of Securities in an issue of Securities on a given date at a given price, if no other party has purchased or acquired them.

Means a combination of letters, numbers or symbols specified to the Payment Service User by the Payment Service Provider and to be provided by the Payment Service User in relation to a Payment Transaction in order to identify unambiguously one or both of:

(a)

another Payment Service User who is a party to the Payment Transaction;

(b)

the other Payment Service User’s Payment Account.

Means a unit in or a share representing the rights or interests of a Unitholder in a Fund.

Means the price per financial instrument excluding commission and (where relevant) accrued interest.

Means any holder of a Unit in the Fund or of any right or interest in such a Unit, and whose name is entered on the Fund's register in relation to that Unit. Means the rights or interests (however described) of the Unitholders in a Collective Investment Fund.

An organisation, the establishment or activities of which have been declared to be criminal under Federal AML Legislation.

Means an interest in:

(a)

a Mining Tenement or Petroleum Tenement substantially explorative or unproven;

that

(b)

intangible property that is substantially speculative or unproven, or has not been profitably exploited for at least 3 years, and which entitles the entity to develop, manufacture, market or distribute the intangible property;

85

is

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Unrestricted Profit Sharing Investment Account or Unrestricted PSIA

US GAAP

VALMIN Code

Valuer

Valuation Report

Valuation Standard

Variable Capital Requirement

Definitions

(c)

an asset which, in the opinion of the Regulator, cannot be readily valued; or

(d)

an entity, of which a substantial proportion of its assets is property of the kind referred to in (a), (b) or (c).

Means a PSIA in respect of which the investment account holder authorises the Authorised Person to invest the account holder's funds in a manner which the Authorised Person deems appropriate without laying down any restrictions as to where, how and for what purpose the funds should be invested.

Means Generally Accepted Accounting Principles as issued and amended from time to time by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in the United States.

Means the Australasian Code for Public Reporting of Technical Assessment and Valuations of Mineral Assets (The VALMIN Code) 2015 Edition, prepared by the VALMIN Committee, a joint committee of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and the Australian Institute of Geoscientists effective 30 January 2016, available at www.valmin.org, or as amended or updated.

Means a person:

(a)

who carries on the business of valuing Real Property;

(b)

who is not Related to the Fund Manager; and

(c)

whom the Fund Manager, and if appointed the Trustee, have reasonable grounds to believe would be capable of providing objective valuation of Real Property.

Means a report valuing an entity’s holding of Mineralisation or Petroleum, as applicable, and to be provided in a Prospectus subject to MKT11.3.2 and MKT 12.3.2.

Means one of the following valuation standards used to provide a Valuation Report with regards to Minerals, being:

(a)

the VALMIN Code;

(b)

the SAMVAL Code; and

(c)

the CIMVAL Code.

Means a capital requirement calculated in accordance with Rules 3.6A.2, 3.6A.4 and 3.6A.6 of PRU as applicable for the activities undertaken by a Money Remitter or a Payment Service Provider.

86

GLO VER23.290725

Defined