

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Intangible Assets

Interfacing Systems

Internal Risk Assessment Process (IRAP)

International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)

International Organisation

International Standards on Auditing

Invested Assets

Investment

Investment Analyst

Investment Business

Definitions

Has the meaning given in CIB 3.1.6(1).

Means the systems used by a Third Party Provider that connect to Customers and to Primary Financial Institutions.

Means the internal risk assessment process prescribed in PRU 10.3.

Means the International Financial Reporting Standards as issued and amended from time to time by the International Accounting Standards Board.

In relation to AML means an organisation established by formal political agreement between member countries, where the agreement has the status of an international treaty, and the organisation is recognised in the law of countries which are members.

Means the international standards on auditing as issued and amended from time to time by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB) of the International Federation of Accountants (IFAC).

Means any asset, right or interest of an Insurer that is held by the Insurer for the primary purpose of generating revenues or for directly providing funds to meet the Insurer's cash outflows in the future.

Means in relation to:

(a)

COBS, means either of the following:

(i)

a Security; or

(ii)

a Derivative,

unless otherwise specified

(b)

GEN and elsewhere, means Specified Investments set out in Part 3 of Schedule 1 of FSMR, unless otherwise specified.

An Employee of an Authorised Person who prepares Investment Research.

Means the business of:

(a)

Dealing in Investments as Principal;

(b)

Dealing in Investments as Agent;

45

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

(c)

Arranging Credit;

(d)

Arranging Deals in Investments;

(e)

Managing Assets;

(f)

Advising on Investments or Credit;

(g)

Managing a Collective Investment Fund;

(h)

Providing Custody;

(i)

Arranging Custody;

(j)

Managing a Profit Sharing Investment Account;

(k)

Operating an MTF or OTF;

(l)

Operating a Private Financing Platform; or

(m)

Acting as the Trustee of an Investment Trust.

Investment Company

Means an open or closed ended company established for the sole purpose of collective investment (and any such Cell of such company) which is incorporated under the Companies Regulations.

Investment Manager

Means a Person who, acting only on behalf of a Client:

(a)

in an account or portfolio on a manages Investments discretionary basis under the terms of a Discretionary Portfolio Management Agreement; or

(b)

manages Investments non-discretionary non-discretionary management agreement.

in an account or portfolio on a a

basis

under

the

terms

of

Investment Partnership Means a limited partnership established for the sole purpose of collective investment which is formed and registered in ADGM under the Limited Partnership Act 1907.

Investment Research

Means a publication which contains:

(a)

the results of research into Investments;

(b)

analysis of factors likely to influence the future performance of Investments; or

46

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

(c)

advice or recommendations based on those results or analysis.

Investment Trust

Means an express trust created solely for collective investment purposes under section 114 of FSMR.

Investment Undertaking Means an

Investment Partnership, or Investment Trust which is used as the investment vehicle for a Fund.

Investment Company,

Investment-Linked Insurance

Means Contracts of Insurance where the benefits are wholly or partly to be determined by reference to the value of, or the income from, property of any description (whether or not specified in the contracts) or by reference to fluctuations in, or in an index of, the value of property of any description (whether or not so specified).

IOSCO

Means the International Organisation of Securities Commissions.

IOSCO Principles for Financial Market Infrastructures

Means a set of principles for Financial Markets Infrastructure issued by the International Organisation of Securities Commissions (IOSCO).

Islamic Contract

Means any contract that an appropriate Shari'a Supervisory Board has designated to be in compliance with Shari'a.

Islamic Financial Business

Means any part of the financial business of an Authorised Person or a Recognised Body which is carried out in accordance with Shari'a.

Islamic Financial Institution