

NI 43-101

Nominee Company

Non-ADGM Clearing House

Non-ADGM Financial Services Regulator

Non-binding Murabaha for the Purchase Orderer

Non-Cellular Assets

Non-Equivalent Estimate

Non-Face-to-Face (NFTF)

Non-Profit Organisation (NPO)

Definitions

Means, in respect of an Insurer during a period, Gross Written Premium of the Insurer during that period less the amount of premium on reinsurance contracts entered into by the Insurer as Cedant during the same period.

Means a group of ICT Assets that are interconnected to exchange data, together with the communication channels between those ICT Assets.

Means National Instrument 43-101 “CIM Definition Standards for Minerals Resources & Mineral Reserves” adopted by the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum Council, and available at www.mrmr.cim.org, or as amended or updated.

A company incorporated in ADGM whose business consists solely of acting as a holder of Client Assets where such assets are held by the Nominee Company as agent of an Authorised Person.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Has the meaning given in FSMR.

Means a Murabaha for the Purchase Orderer which is expressed to be non-binding on the purchaser.

Means assets of a Protected Cell Company or an Incorporated Cell Company which are not Cellular Assets.

Means an estimate of quantity and grade of mineralisation that was prepared using a mineral resources classification and reporting standard that is not a Mining Reporting Standard, prior to a Mining Reporting Entity acquiring, or entering into an agreement to acquire, an interest in the Mining Tenement that contains the deposit, and which the Mining Reporting Entity has not verified as Mineral Resources or Ore Reserves in accordance with a Mining Reporting Standard.

Where a customer is not physically present for a business operation or transaction with a Relevant Person.

Means a Legal Person or arrangement or organisation that primarily engages in raising or disbursing funds for purposes such as charitable, religious, cultural, educational, social or fraternal purposes or for other charitable purposes.

55

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

Offer

Means:

(a)

in relation to Securities other than Units, an offer of Securities falling within Part 6 of FSMR; and

(b)

in relation to Units, an offer of Units falling outside Part 6 of FSMR.

Offer of Securities

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Offer Period

Means the period during which a Prospectus Offer remains open to investors.

Offeror

In relation to:

(a)

MKT Chapter 6, means the prior holders of, or the entity issuing, the Relevant Securities; and

(b)

all other cases, means a Person who makes an Offer of Securities.

Officer

Means:

(a)

in relation to a limited liability partnership, a member of the limited liability partnership; and

(b)

in relation to a Body Corporate:

(i)

a Director, member of the committee of management, Chief Executive, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body, or a person purporting to act in any such capacity; and

(ii)

an individual who is a Controller of the body.

Official List

Means the list of Securities maintained by the Regulator pursuant to Part 6 of FSMR.

Omnibus Client Account Means, as the context requires, either:

(a)

a Client Account maintained by an Authorised Person at a Recognised Clearing House for more than one Client of the Authorised Person in respect of which the Recognised Clearing House has agreed with the Authorised Person to provide Omnibus Client Segregation; or

(b)

an account maintained by a firm for more than one indirect Client at a Clearing Member in respect of which that clearing

56

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

member has agreed with the firm to provide segregation arrangements.

Omnibus Client Segregation

Means, in relation to a Recognised Clearing House, ensuring separate records and accounts are kept enabling each Clearing Member to distinguish in accounts with the Recognised Clearing House the proprietary assets and positions of that Clearing Member from those held for the accounts of its Clients.

Operating a Credit Rating Agency

Has the meaning given in paragraph 65 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Operating a Multilateral Trading Facility or Organised Trading Facility

Has the