, the value of property of any description (whether or not so specified).

IOSCO

Means the International Organisation of Securities Commissions.

IOSCO Principles for Financial Market Infrastructures

Means a set of principles for Financial Markets Infrastructure issued by the International Organisation of Securities Commissions (IOSCO).

Islamic Contract

Means any contract that an appropriate Shari'a Supervisory Board has designated to be in compliance with Shari'a.

Islamic Financial Business

Means any part of the financial business of an Authorised Person or a Recognised Body which is carried out in accordance with Shari'a.

Islamic Financial Institution

Means an Authorised Person which has a Financial Services Permission authorising it to conduct its entire financial business in accordance with Shari'a.

Islamic Fund

Means a Fund which its entire operations are conducted or held out as being conducted, in accordance with Shari'a.

Islamic Real Estate Investments Trusts (Islamic REITs)

Has the meaning given in IFR 6.8.

Islamic Securities

Means any Security Offered, or held out expressly or implicitly, as Islamic or Shari'a compliant.

Islamic Sub-Fund

Means a Shari'a-compliant Sub-Fund.

Islamic Window

Means that part of an Authorised Person, other than an Islamic Financial Institution, which conducts Islamic Financial Business as a segregated part of its overall business operations.

Issuer

In relation to:

47

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Istisna'a

IT System

JORC

JORC Code

Jurisdiction

Kefala

Key Individual

Key Information

Legal Arrangement

Legal Person

Lender

Licensed Director

Licensed Partner

Definitions

(a)

any Security other than a Unit in a Collective Investment Fund, means the Person by whom it is or is to be issued;

(b)

a Unit in a Collective Investment Fund, means the Fund Manager; and

(c)

an interest in a Limited Liability Partnership, means the Partnership.

Means a contract for providing for the manufacture and purchase of a specified item; progressive financing.

Means, collectively, ICT Assets, related methods and procedures that have been organised to provide information processing functions.

Means the Joint Ore Reserves Committee of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy, Australian Institute of Geoscientists and Minerals Council of Australia.

Means the 2012 Edition of the Australian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves promulgated by the Joint Ore Reserves Committee (JORC) of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy, Australian Institute of Geoscientists and Minerals Council of Australia, and available as specified at: www.jorc.org, or as amended or updated.

Means the UAE, the Dubai International Financial Centre and ADGM.

Means a contract of guarantee/suretyship.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Means information prescribed in MKT 4.5.2(1)(b).

Means express trusts or other similar legal arrangements.

Means any entity other than a Natural Person that can establish a Customer relationship with a Relevant Person or otherwise own include companies, Bodies Corporate or property. foundations, partnerships, associations, unincorporate, states and governments and other relevantly similar entities.

This can

trusts,

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Means the Controlled Function described in GEN 5.3.3.

Means the Controlled Function described in GEN 5.3.4.

48

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Licensed Person

Licensed Promoter

Limited Liability Partnership

Limited Liability Partnership Regulations

Listed Body Corporate

Listed Entity

Listed Fund

Listed Securities

Listing Principles

Listing Rules

LLP Regulations

Long-Term Insurance

Long-Term Insurance Business

Definitions

Has the meaning given in the Commercial Licensing Regulations.

Means a Person who is licensed or otherwise authorised by one of the Authorities to Promote Funds.

incorporated under the Limited Liability Means a partnership Partnership Regulations or under the law of a country, jurisdiction or territory outside ADGM.

Means the Limited Liability Partnership Regulations 2015.

In relation to AML means, for the purposes of Rule 8.3.3(4), a Body Corporate listed on a stock exchange recognised by the Regulator.

Means the Issuer of Securities which are admitted to the Official List.

Means a Collective Investment Fund which has been admitted to the Official