 or

(e)

investing in Real Property,

and, in the case of paragraph (d), has been assessed by a rating agency.

Special Resolution

Means in relation to a Domestic Fund, a resolution passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes validly cast (whether on a show of hands or on a poll) for and against the resolution at a general meeting or class meeting of Unitholders, of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been duly given.

Specific Risk

Means the risk that losses on an Authorised Person's net long or short position in an individual Security may arise from a negative or positive price movement of that Security relative to the relevant market generally.

Specified Benchmark

Means a Benchmark specified by the Regulator as a Specified Benchmark pursuant to COBS 21.2.1.

Specified Information

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

79

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

Specified Investment

Means an investment falling within paragraphs 85 to 99 of Schedule 1 of FSMR, without regard to any applicable exceptions or exemptions set out in that Schedule.

Sponsor

In relation to:

(a) MKT, means a person approved by the Regulator to be a sponsor for the purposes of Rules made under section 83 of FSMR; and

(b) PRU, means an Authorised Person that repackages third party assets directly into a securitisation scheme. Where an Authorised Person repackages noninvestment Grade third party assets, it may fall within the definition of an Originator unless it originates or repackages no more than 10% of the scheme's total assets.

Spot Commodity

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Spot Commodity Auction Platform

A platform to carry out Accepted Spot Commodity auctions, operated by:

(a)

a Recognised Body whose Recognition Order includes a stipulation to carry out Accepted Spot Commodity auctions; or

(b)

An Authorised Person that is permitted to carry on the Regulated Activity of Operating a Multilateral Trading Facility or Operating an Organised Trading Facility, and who has obtained permission from the Regulator to carry out Accepted Spot Commodity auctions.

Spot Commodity Title

An instrument that confers on the holder a right entitling the holder to hold, acquire, or transfer, an Accepted Spot Commodity.

Stabilisation Agent

A Person appointed by the Stabilisation Manager under MKT 6.2.14 to assist him in conducting Price Stabilisation.

Stabilisation Manager

A Person appointed by an Issuer of Shares under MKT 6.2.13 to conduct Price Stabilisation.

Stabilisation Window

The period of time specified in MKT 6.2.8 during which Price Stabilisation may occur.

Statement by Directors Means the statement described under CIB 2.3.10.

Statement of Recommended Practice (SORP)

Means the Statement of Recommended Practice as issued and Investment Management amended from time to time by the Association (IMA) in the United Kingdom.

80

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Stored Value

Stored Value Provider

Strong Customer Authentication

Structured Product

Sub-Fund

Subsidiary Undertaking or Subsidiary

Sukuk

Definitions

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Means authentication based on the use of two or more elements that are independent, in that the breach of one element does not compromise the reliability of any other element, and designed in such a way as to protect the confidentiality of the authentication data, with the elements falling into two or more of the following categories:

(a)

something known only by the Payment Service User or Customer (“knowledge”);

(b)

something held only by the Payment Service User or Customer (“possession”);

(c)

something inherent to the Payment Service User or Customer (“inherence”).

Means an instrument comprising rights under a contract where:

(a)

the gain or loss of each party to the contract is ultimately determined by reference to the fluctuations in the value or price of property of any description, an index, interest rate, exchange rate or a combination of any of these as specified for that purpose in the contract ("the underlying factor") and is not leveraged upon such fluctuations