

Means the Prudential – Insurance Business Rulebook.

PRU

Means the Prudential - Investment, Insurance Intermediation and Banking Rulebook.

Prudential Context

Means in relation to activities carried on by a Authorised Person, the context in which the activities might have, or might reasonably be regarded as likely to have, a negative effect on:

(a)

confidence in the financial stability of ADGM;

(b)

the ability of the Authorised Person to meet the applicable Non-ADGM Financial Services Regulator requirements and standards relating to the Authorised Person's financial resources; or

(c)

the fitness and propriety of the Authorised Person to remain authorised.

PSIA Investment Contract

Means a contract relating to the investment of amounts standing to the credit of a PSIA on a discretionary basis (in relation to an Unrestricted PSIA) or a non-discretionary basis (in relation to a Restricted PSIA).

PSIAr

Means a Restricted Profit Sharing Investment Account.

66

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

PSIAu

Means an Unrestricted Profit Sharing Investment Account.

Public Fund

Means a Fund which falls within the meaning given under FUNDS 3.3.1.

Public Listed Company Means a person incorporated or formed in ADGM and who is admitted to the Official List in ADGM or an equivalent list of securities in another jurisdiction.

Public Listed Company Auditor's Report

Means a report referred to in GEN 6.6.1(f) and containing the information specified in GEN 6.6.9.

Public Property Fund

Means a Public Fund which is also a Property Fund.

Qiyas

Means the application of accepted principles by analogy to new cases by scholars.

Qualified Central Counterparty (QCCP)

Means an entity that is licensed to operate as a central counterparty (including a licence granted by way of confirming an exemption), and is permitted by the appropriate regulator/overseer to operate as such with respect to the products offered. This is subject to the provision that the central counterparty is based and prudentially supervised in a jurisdiction where the relevant regulator/overseer has established, and publicly indicated that it applies to the central counterparty on an ongoing basis, domestic rules and regulations that are consistent with the CPSS-IOSCO Principles for Financial Market Infrastructures.

Qualified Investor Fund

Has the meaning given in FUNDS 3.3.4.

Qualifying Green Debenture Principles

Has the meaning given to it in MKT 4.15.4.

Qualifying Green Sukuk Principles

Has the meaning given to it in MKT 4.15.4. when read together with MKT 4.16.

Qualifying Holding

Means any holding in the capital of a non-financial Undertaking of which the Authorised Person is a controller.

Qualifying Sustainability-Linked Debenture Principles

Has the meaning given to it in MKT 4.15.5.

Qualifying Sustainability-Linked Sukuk Principles

Has the meaning given to it in MKT 4.15.5. when read together with MKT 4.16.

Quantity

Means the number of units of the financial instruments.

67

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

Quiet Period

In relation to an initial public offering of securities, the period beginning on the day of publication of listing particulars or a prospectus relating to the offering of that Investment and ending 30 days after the day on which the Investment is admitted to trading.

Rating Subject

Has the meaning given in COBS 9.1.2(c).

Real Estate Investment Trust

Has the meaning given in FUNDS 13.5.1.

Real Property

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Recognised Body

Means a Recognised Investment Exchange or a Recognised Clearing House.

Recognised Clearing House

Means a clearing house which provides Clearing Services in ADGM in relation to which a recognition order is in force under Part 12 of FSMR.

Recognised Investment Exchange

Means an investment exchange in relation to which a recognition order is in force under Part 12 of FSMR.

Recognised Jurisdiction Means a jurisdiction which has been recognised by the Regulator

under Fund Rules.

Recognition Order

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Recognition Requirements

Means the requirements set out in