 258 of FSMR.

Means Securities prescribed in MKT 4.4.

Means a capital requirement calculated in accordance with PRU 3.7.

Has the meaning given in MKT 4.10.2.

Means the process by which geological information is collected and analysed to identify Mineralisation, as well as determining the economic feasibility of their Extraction (and includes geophysical surveys).

Has the meaning of the term or equivalent term in a Mining Reporting Standard.

Has the meaning of the term or equivalent term in a Mining Reporting Standard.

Means the crushing and separation of Mineralisation by a variety of techniques, and includes developing the infrastructure to extract Minerals or Petroleum (as the case may be).

35

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

Failed or Failure

Means in relation to COBS Chapter 14, the appointment of a liquidator, receiver or administrator or trustee in bankruptcy or any equivalent procedure.

Family Takaful

Has the meaning given in IFR 2.4.1(xv).

FATF Recommendations Means the publication entitled the "International Standards on Combatting Money Laundering and the Financing of Terrorism and Proliferation" as published and amended from time to time by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF).

Federal AML Legislation Means the legislation described in Section 15A of FSMR

Federal Decree by law No. 20 of 2018

Means U.A.E Federal Decree by Law No. 20 of 2018 On Anti Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism and Financing of Illegal Organisations

Federal Law No. 1 of 2004

Means U.A.E Federal Law No. 1 of 2004 regarding Combatting Terrorism Offences.

Federal Law No. 4 of 2002

Means U.A.E Federal Law No. 4 of 2002 regarding the Criminalisation of Money Laundering.

Federal Law No. 7 of 2014

Means Federal Law No. 7 of 2014 regarding Combatting Terrorist Crimes.

Fee

Means any payment offered or made by a Client to an Authorised Person in connection with Investment Business or with any other business of the Authorised Person, including (where applicable) any Mark-up or Mark-down.

Feeder Fund

Means a Fund which is dedicated to investing all, or substantially all, of its assets in the Units or Debentures of a single other Fund (Master Fund).

FEES

Means the Fees Rulebook.

Fiat Currency

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Fiat-Referenced Token

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Finance Officer

Means in relation to an Authorised Person, the Controlled Function described in GEN 5.3.5.

Financial Crime

Includes:

(a)

fraud or dishonesty;

36

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Financial Group

Financial Group Capital Adequacy Report

Financial Group Capital Requirement

Financial Group Capital Resources

Financial Institution

Financial Instrument

Definitions

(b)

misconduct in, or misuse of information relating to, a financial market;

(c)

handling the proceeds of crime; or

(d)

the financing of terrorism.

Means a group of entities which includes an Authorised Person and:

(a)

any Parent of an Authorised Person incorporated in the Abu Dhabi Global Market;

(b)

any subsidiaries (whether direct or indirect) of the Parent or Parents in (a) above or of the Authorised Person which are Financial Institutions;

(c)

any Financial Institution in which the Parent or Parents in (a) above, the subsidiaries in (b) above or the Authorised Person (whether direct or indirect) hold 20% or more of the voting rights or capital; and

(d)

any entity which the Regulator directs the Authorised Person to include in accordance with PRU 8.1.2 or PIN 8.1.2.

Means the Report referred to in PIN 6.6.1.

Means the Capital Requirement of a Financial Group calculated in accordance with PRU 8.3.3 or PIN 8.3.4.

Means the Capital Resources of a Financial Group calculated in accordance with PRU 8.3.4 or PIN 8.3.3.

Means:

(a)

(i)

an Authorised Person; or

(ii)

any Person that carries out as