.290725

Defined Terms

Auditor

Authorised Fund Manager

Authorised ISPV

Authorised Person

Authority

Bai' Bithaman Ajil

Definitions

(a)

contracts or rights to subscribe for, acquire or dispose of Relevant Securities;

(b)

financial derivatives on Relevant Securities;

(c)

where the Relevant Securities are convertible or exchangeable debt Instruments, the Securities into which such convertible or exchangeable debt Instruments may be converted or exchanged;

(d)

Instruments which are issued or guaranteed by the Issuer or guarantor of the Relevant Securities and whose market price is likely to materially influence the price of the Relevant Securities, or vice versa; and

(e)

where the Relevant Securities are Securities equivalent to Shares, the Shares represented by those Securities (and any other Securities equivalent to those Shares).

Means a person appointed in accordance with section 189 of FSMR, who satisfies such requirements as to qualifications, experience and other matters (if any) as may be specified.

Means a Fund Manager that holds a Financial Services Permission to carry on the management of a Fund.

Means an Insurance Special Purpose Vehicle which holds a Financial Services Permission to carry on either or both of the following Regulated Activities:

(a)

Effecting Contracts of Insurance; or

(b)

Carrying Out Contracts of Insurance as Principal.

Means a Person, other than a Recognised Body, who is authorised under FSMR.

Means the Securities and Commodities Authority, the Financial Services Regulatory Authority or the Dubai Financial Services Authority.

Means a sale and purchase transaction for the financing of an asset on a deferred payment basis with a pre-agreed payment period in land, building, machinery and relation to assets comprising equipment.

11

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Bank

Behaviour

Benchmark

Beneficial Owner

Binding Murabaha for the Purchase Orderer

Board

Body Corporate

Branch

Business Day

Definitions

Means an Authorised Person which holds a Financial Services Permission authorising it to carry on the Regulated Activity of Accepting Deposits.

Means action or inaction.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

In relation to AML means, in relation to a customer, a Natural Person who ultimately owns or controls the customer or a Natural Person on whose behalf a transaction is conducted or a business relationship is established and includes:

(a)

in relation to a Body Corporate, a person referred to in Rule 8.3.3(2);

(b)

in relation to a Partnership, a person referred to in Rule 8.3.4(2);

(c)

in relation to a trust or other similar Legal Arrangement, a person referred to in Rule 8.3.5 (2); and

(d)

in relation to a foundation, a person referred to in Rule 8.3.6(2).

Means a Murabaha for the Purchase Orderer which is expressed to be binding on the purchaser.

Means in reference to a corporation, the board of Directors of the corporation.

Means a company incorporated under the Companies Regulations and any body corporate, including limited liability partnership and a body corporate constituted under the law of a country, territory or jurisdiction outside of ADGM.

Means a place of business within ADGM which:

(a)

has no separate legal personality;

(b)

forms a legally dependant part of an Authorised Person whose principal place of business and head office is in a jurisdiction other than ADGM; and

(c)

through which the Authorised Person carries on Regulated Activities in or from ADGM.

Means any day which is not a Saturday, Sunday or an official public holiday in ADGM.

12

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Business Rules

Buy-back Programmes

C1

C2

C3

Capital

Capital Requirement

Capital Resources

Captive Cell

Captive Insurance Business

CIB

Captive Insurance Management

Captive Insurance Manager

Captive Insurer

Definitions

Means the written rules of a Recognised Investment Exchange which govern the membership and the operations of a financial market operated by it.

In relation to MKT Chapter 6, means trading in own Shares in accordance with the Companies Regulations, or other comparable legislation relevant to non-ADGM incorporated Listed Entities.

Means the Low Estimate scenario of Contingent Resources.

Means the Best Estimate scenario of Contingent Resources.

Means the High Estimate scenario of Contingent Resources.

Means Tier 1 Capital, as defined in