 Exchange has been made, and which are the subject of a Significant Distribution.

71

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

Remote Body

Means a Remote Investment Exchange or Remote Clearing House which has been granted a Recognition Order in accordance with section 127 of FSMR.

Remote Clearing House Means a clearing house operating outside the ADGM which has been granted a Recognition Order in accordance with section 127(2)(b) of FSMR.

Remote Investment Exchange

investment exchange or multilateral trading facility Means an operating outside the ADGM which has been granted a Recognition Order in accordance with section 127(2)(a) of FSMR.

Remote Member

Means a person located in a jurisdiction other than ADGM which has been granted a Recognition Order under section 138A of FSMR.

Remote Member Requirements

Means the requirements set out in MIR 8.2.2 in relation to the granting of a Recognition Order under section 138A of FSMR to a Remote Member.

Remote Recognition Requirements

Means the requirements set out in MIR 7.2.2 in relation to the granting of a Recognition Order under section 127 of FSMR to a Remote Body.

Remuneration

Means any form of remuneration, including benefits of any kind.

Replacement Prospectus

Means a replacement Prospectus produced in accordance with FUNDS 9.3.1, as applicable.

Reporting Entity

Has the meaning given in section 72 of FSMR.

Representative Office

Means the business operations of Person authorised to carry on the Regulated Activity of Operating a Representative Office in ADGM and which actually carries on the Regulated Activity of Operating a Representative Office.

Reserve Account

Means an account established with:

(a)

an Authorised Person which is authorised under its Financial Services Permission to Provide Custody; or

(b)

a Third-Party Agent located outside ADGM,

which is intended to hold Reserve Investments.

Reserve Assets

Means:

(a) Relevant Money arising from undertaking the Regulated Activity

of Issuing a Fiat-Referenced Token; and

72

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Reserve Investments

Resolution Pack

Responsible Officer

Restricted Party Associate

Restricted Person

Restricted Profit Sharing Investment Accounts (Restricted PSIA)

Restricted Securities

Definitions

(b) Reserve Investments.

Means:

(a)

cash equivalents and debt securities with up to three-month residual maturity issued by;

(i)

the government or central bank of the jurisdiction of the fiat currency to which the Fiat-Referenced Token is referenced; or

(ii)

organisations that are of both a governmental and an international nature of Credit Quality Grade 1 for CR Exposures;

(b) money-market funds which invest in government debt, subject

to Regulator-approved;

(g)

limits on the value of Reserve Investments to be held in such funds; and

(ii)

credit ratings of such funds; and

(c)

overnight reverse repurchase agreements overcollateralised by debt securities issued by a government or central bank of pegged currency, with a counterparty that is not affiliated with the issuer and is of strong financial standing.

Means the documents and records specified in COBS 16.3.1 and 16.4.1.

Means the Approved Function described in GEN 5.3.9.

Means a spouse or a child of Restricted Person.

Has the meaning given in MKT 9.4.1(2).

Means a PSIA in respect of the investment account holder imposes certain restrictions as to where, how and for what purpose his funds are to be invested.

Means Securities:

(a)

issued in the circumstances set out in APP 7 of MKT; or

(b)

that, in the opinion of the Regulator, should be treated as Restricted Securities.

73

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Restricted Scope Company

Restriction Agreement

Restriction Period

Retail Client

Retail Debenture or Sukuk

Retakaful

Reverse Takeover

Rules

Rulebooks

Safe Custody Asset

Safe Custody Auditor's Report

Definitions

Has the meaning given in section 3(4) of the Companies Regulations.

Means an agreement in the form set out in MKT Form 9-1.

Means the specified time during which Restricted Securities are subject to a Restriction Agreement and cannot be disposed of by the Security Holder and/or Controller.

Means a Client specified under