 (or the Client to the firm) in respect of its margined transactions if each of its open positions was liquidated at the closing or settlement prices published by the relevant exchange or other appropriate pricing source and the Client’s account closed. This refers to cash values and does not include non-cash collateral or other designated investments held in respect of a margined transaction.

Means all Investments held or controlled on behalf of Client in the course of, or in connection with, the carrying on of the Investment Business.

Means money of any currency which an Authorised Person holds on behalf of a Client (including any receivables of the Authorised Person in respect of bank accounts or clearing or brokerage accounts) or which an Authorised Person treats as Client Money, subject to the exclusions in COBS 14.3.1.

Means a report referred to in GEN 6.6.1(c) and containing the content specified in GEN 6.6.6.

Has the meaning given in COBS 14.13.

Means the Rules in COBS 14.2 relating to the holding of Client Money.

Has the meaning given to it in FUNDS 20.3.5.

Has the meaning given to it in FUNDS 20.3.2.

Has the meaning given to it in COBS 3.8.14.

Has the meaning given to it in COBS 3.8.11.

A Person ("Person A") has Close Links or is Closely Linked with another Person ("Person B") if:

(a)

Person B:

19

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Close Period

Close Relative

CMC

COBS

Definitions

(i)

is a Holding Company of Person A;

(ii)

is a Subsidiary of Person A;

(iii)

is a Holding Company of the Subsidiary of Person A;

(iv)

is a Subsidiary of a Holding Company of Person A; or

(v)

owns and controls 20% or more of the voting rights or shares of Person A; or

(b)

Person A owns and controls 20% or more of the voting rights or shares of Person B.

Means, in relation to MKT 9.4.2:

(a)

the period from the relevant financial year end up to and including the time of the announcement or publication of the annual financial reports; and

(b)

if the Authorised Person reports:

(i)

on a semi-annual basis, the period from the end of the relevant semi-annual financial period up to and the announcement or the including publication; or

time of

(ii)

on a quarterly basis, the period from the end of the relevant quarter up to and including the time of the announcement.

Means in relation to a person:

(a)

his spouse;

(b)

his children and step children, his parents and step parents, his brothers and sisters and his step brothers and step sisters; and

(c)

the spouse of any person within paragraph (b) of this definition.

Means the Code of Market Conduct.

Means the Conduct of Business Rulebook.

20

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

Collateral

Means a Client Investment which has been paid for in full by a Client and which is held or controlled by the Authorised Person under the terms of a deposit, pledge, charge or other security arrangement.

Collective Investment Fund

Means an arrangement falling within section 106 of FSMR and which is not excluded under FUNDS Chapter 2.

Commercial Licensing Regulations

Means the Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015.

Commission

Means any form of commission, including a benefit of any kind, offered or given in connection with Investment Business.

Committed Capital

Means the total value of all capital committed by subscribers for Units in a Fund, consisting of both drawn contributions and undrawn capital contributions which subscribers are contractually obligated to make upon demand by the Fund Manager.

Commodity Derivative

Means a Derivative in respect of a commodity.

Companies Regulations Means the ADGM Companies Regulations 2020.

Company

Includes:

(a)

any Body Corporate (wherever incorporated); and

(b)

any unincorporated body constituted under the law of a country, territory or jurisdiction outside ADGM.

Company Service Provider

Means a Person that, carries out the following services for a Customer:

(a)

acting as a formation agent of Legal Persons;

(b)

acting as (or