 settlement costs.

Means the general partner of a Partnership (including an Investment Partnership).

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Has the meaning given in IFR 2.4.1(xvi).

Means the Glossary Rulebook.

Means the return described in CIB 2.3.5(3).

In relation to:

(a)

FUNDS, and in relation to a Fund, means a Person or a body of Persons who together form the directing mind of the Fund including but not limited to:

(i)

its Fund Manager, a member of its main or supervisory board, a General Partner; or

(ii)

any other Person or body of Persons exercising equivalent powers and functions in relation to directing the operation of the Fund; and

(b)

except in the Fund Rules, means the board of directors, partners, committee of management or other governing body of an Undertaking.

Means a contract between a Customer and a Third Party Provider for the provision of Third Party Services.

39

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Definitions

GPM

Means the Guidance and Policies Manual.

Green Fund Attestation Requirement Green Fund Investment Requirement Green Portfolio Attestation Requirement Green Portfolio Investment Requirement Greenshoe Option

Has the meaning given to it in FUNDS 20.2.5.

Has the meaning given to it in FUNDS 20.2.2.

Has the meaning given to it in COBS 3.8.6.

Has the meaning given to it in COBS 3.8.3.

In relation to MKT Chapter 6, means an option granted by the Offeror in favour of the Stabilisation Manager and/or his Stabilisation Agents involved in the Offer for the purpose of covering over-allotments, under the terms of which such Stabilisation Manager or his Stabilisation Agents may purchase up to a certain amount of Relevant Securities at the Offer price during the Stabilisation Window.

Gross Written Premium Means:

(a)

in relation to a Contract of Insurance, the amount of premium payable by the insured in respect of that contract, excluding any excise taxes levied on premiums and receivable by the Insurer but without any deduction for commissions or other acquisition expenses; and

(b)

in relation to an Insurer during a period:

(1)

in respect of General Insurance, the aggregate amount of Gross Written Premium in respect of insurance and reinsurance contracts entered into by the Insurer as insurer during together with any adjustments arising in that period in respect of contracts effected in previous periods; and

that period,

(2)

in respect of Long-Term Insurance, the aggregate amount of Gross Written Premium becoming due for payment in that period.

Group

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Group Risk

Means the risk of loss to the Authorised Person as a result of its membership of, or links within a Group.

Guidance

Has the meaning given in section 15(2) of FSMR.

Hamish Jiddiyyah

Means a Shari'a compliant collateral provided against a promise to purchase.

40

GLO VER23.290725

Defined Terms

Historical Estimate

Holding

Holding Company

Home Jurisdiction

Home Regulator

Host Jurisdiction

Host Regulator

ICMA Green Bond Principles

ICMA Guidelines for Green, Social and sustainability Debentures Reviews

ICMA Sustainability- Linked Bond Principles

Definitions

Means an estimate of quantity and grade of authorisation that is based on information and supporting documentation that was prepared prior to the introduction of the first edition of the JORC Code in 1989, the SAMREC Code in 2000 and NI 43-101 in 2001, and which a Mining Reporting Entity has not verified as Mineral Resources or Ore Reserves in accordance with a Mining Reporting Standard.

In relation to GEN 8.8, means, in respect of a Person, shares, voting rights or a right to acquire shares or voting rights in an Authorised Person or a Holding Company of that firm held by that Person either alone or with any Associate, and 'Holds', 'Hold', 'Held' and 'Holder' shall be interpreted accordingly.

Has the meaning given in section 1015 of the Companies Regulations.

Means, in relation to a Fund, the Jurisdiction in which the Fund is established or domiciled.

Means:

(a)

in relation to a