 forms to be used for the purpose of

reporting under this Appendix.

Guidance

1.

The form and content of the Regulatory Returns differs according to the characteristics of the Insurer.

2. General requirements relating to the recognition and measurement of assets and liabilities are dealt with in PIN Chapter 5.

4.

This appendix sets out some matters relating to content and presentation of the information contained in the Regulatory Returns. Further guidance in relation to the preparation and submission of the Regulatory Returns as specified by the Regulator and EPRS.

A10.2

Regulatory Returns for Cells, Long-Term Insurance Funds and ADGM business

Guidance

Separate Regulatory Returns are completed for Insurers' entire business, and for those parts of the business that are subject to separate capital adequacy requirements, namely Cells, Long-Term Insurance Funds, and ADGM business. These parts, and the entire business, are described as 'reporting units' because a Regulatory Return is required for each. An Insurer may therefore have to submit more than one set of Regulatory Returns.

A10.2.1 A Regulatory Return must be completed in respect of each of the reporting units set

out in this section that applies to the Insurer.

A10.2.2 There are four types of reporting units in respect of which an Insurer may be required to submit a Regulatory Return. These are referred to in this appendix and the forms as the global reporting unit, the Cell reporting unit, the fund reporting unit and ADGM business reporting unit. The Regulatory Returns in respect of these reporting units are referred to respectively in this appendix and the forms as the Global Return, the Cell Return, the Fund Return and ADGM Business Return.

123

PIN VER07.290725

A10.2.3 Every Insurer that is required by PIN 6 to complete a Regulatory Return must complete

a Global Return. A Global Return has the following characteristics:

(a) Subject to (b), a Global Return includes all of the assets, liabilities, equity, revenues and expenses of the Insurer, regardless of the residency status or location of the Insurer, of the customer or of any asset or liability.

(b) The Global Return of a Cell Company does not include any assets, liabilities,

equity, revenues or expenses that are attributable to a Cell.

A10.2.4 Except as provided otherwise in this appendix, an Insurer that is a Cell Company must complete a Cell Return in respect of each Cell that it maintains. A Cell Return includes all of the assets, liabilities, equity, revenues and expenses attributable to the Cell, regardless of the residency status or location of the customer or of any asset or liability.

A10.2.5 Except as provided otherwise in this appendix, an Insurer that maintains a Long-Term Insurance Fund must complete a Fund Return in respect of each Long-Term Insurance Fund that it maintains. A Fund Return includes all of the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses attributable to the Fund, regardless of the residency status or location of the customer or of any asset or liability. An Insurer to which this Rule applies is not required to complete a Fund Return in the following cases:

(a) where the Insurer is deemed to constitute a single, Long-Term Insurance Fund, such that the information contained in the Fund Return would be identical to that in the Global Return; and

(b) where a Cell of the Insurer is deemed to constitute a single, Long-Term Insurance Fund, such that the information contained in the Fund Return would be identical to that in the Cell Return.

A10.2.6 An Insurer that is not an ADGM Incorporated Insurer must complete an ADGM

Business Return. An ADGM Business Return has the following characteristics:

(a)

it includes only liabilities that are Insurance Liabilities of the Insurer in respect of its ADGM Insurance Business and assets that are associated with those Insurance Liabilities; and

(b) revenues and expenses must be included only to the extent that they are

attributable to the Insurer's ADGM Insurance Business.

Guidance

The assets that are associated with Insurance Liabilities normally include only reinsurance and other recoveries in respect of claims, whether or not incurred, included in Insurance Liabilities. The ADGM Business Return does not include assets such as investments, fixed assets, or receivables other than reinsurance recoveries in respect of Insurance Liabilities.

124

PIN