 Insurer must calculate those components of a Minimum Segmental Capital Requirement that are relevant to assets, in respect of every asset that is attributable to that segment and that is available to meet liabilities attributable to that segment.

A6.3.2 Where an Insurer arranges its affairs such that Invested Assets attributable to a segment are held in a Related entity, the Insurer may, with the written approval of the Regulator, calculate components of the relevant Minimum Segmental Capital Requirement by reference to the Insurer's interest in the assets that are held by the Related entity, instead of by reference to the interest that the Insurer has in that Related entity. In that case this appendix shall be interpreted as though the assets (representing the Insurer's interest) held by the Related entity were held directly by the Insurer.

Guidance

The effect of Rule A6.3.2 is to provide flexibility for Insurers whose investments are managed on a pooled basis within a Group, or which establish specialist Subsidiaries to manage their investments. While the Insurer's asset in such cases is a balance with, or investment in, a Related entity, this Rule permits the Insurer to 'look through' the corporate arrangement and apply this appendix to the assets of the Related entity as though they were the Insurer's own.

A6.3.3 Where an Insurer that is a Cell Company arranges its affairs such that the Invested Assets of a segment are held in another segment of the same Insurer, the Insurer may, with the written approval of the Regulator, calculate relevant components of its Minimum Segmental Capital Requirement in respect of the first segment, by reference to the segment's interest in the assets that are held by the second segment, instead of by reference to the interest that the first segment has in the second segment. In that case this appendix shall be interpreted as though the assets (representing the first segment's interest) held by the second segment were held directly by the first segment.

Guidance

1.

The effect of Rule A6.3.3 is to extend the flexibility given by Rule A6.3.2 to cover situations where one segment of an Insurer uses another segment of the same Insurer as a specialist investment entity.

2.

Where Rule A6.3.3 is applied, the Insurer still needs to calculate the Minimum Segmental Capital Requirement for the specialist investment segment, in respect of the Invested Assets which the specialist investment segment owns. Two segments would therefore be required to hold capital in respect of those Invested Assets.

104

PIN VER07.290725

A6.4 Default risk component

Guidance

The purpose of the default risk component is to require an Insurer to set aside capital to cover the risk that amounts receivable from counterparties will not be received. The basic calculation model for this component, as it applies to Insurers that are not Cell Companies, is set out in Rule A4.4. The provisions in this section apply this basic model to the segments of a Cell Company.

A6.4.1 An Insurer must calculate the default risk component in respect of a segment as the sum of the amounts obtained by multiplying the value of each asset of the segment with the relevant percentage, in accordance with the following tables and subject to the provisions of Rules A4.6.2 and A4.6.3:

(a)

assets that are Invested Assets: the table set out in Rule A4.4.1(a); and

(b)

assets that are not Invested Assets: the table set out in Rule A4.4.1(b).

A6.4.2 The provisions of Rules A4.4.2, A4.4.3, A4.4.4, A4.4.5, and A4.4.6 must be applied, mutatis mutandis, to assets of a segment as though references in those Rules to an Insurer were instead references to a segment.

A6.4.3 Notwithstanding anything else in this section:

(a)

the default risk component in respect of any asset that is subject to a fixed or floating charge, mortgage or other encumbrance must be 100% of the value of the asset to the extent of that charge, mortgage or encumbrance. In the case of such assets, the percentages set out in the tables referred