 to the requirements in PRU, the Regulator shall determine which of the sectoral rules in Rule 8.3 and PRU 8.3 shall apply in respect of the group.

Guidance

1.

The objective of Rule 8.3.1(1)(a) is to avoid the necessity for multiple reporting of group capital adequacy.

2.

Where a Financial Group includes both Insurers and entities subject to PRU, it is necessary to determine whether the Financial Group supervision applicable to the Financial Group should be that set out in Chapter 8.3 or PRU 8.3. Normally, the Regulator will exercise its power under Rule 8.3.2 based on the relative size of the assets of the Financial Institutions undertaking Insurance Business (representing the insurance sector) and the assets of other Authorised Persons and Financial Institutions (representing a combined non-insurance sector). Pure holding companies will be excluded as being in neither sector. The Rules that will apply will be those of the sector with the larger total assets of the two. However, where the ratio of the assets of the two sectors differs by less than 1.5:1, the Regulator will consider a request from the Authorised Persons in the Financial Group to apply the sectoral rules applicable to the smaller of the two sectors.

8.3.3 An Insurer must ensure at all times that its Financial Group Capital Resources, as calculated in Rule 8.3.5, are equal to or in excess of its Financial Group Capital Requirement as calculated in Rule 8.3.4.

Guidance

If an Insurer breaches Rule 8.3.3, the Regulator will take into account the full circumstances of the case including any remedial steps taken by another regulator or the Authorised Person, in determining what action it will take.

Financial group capital requirement

8.3.4

(1)

An Insurer must calculate its Financial Group Capital Requirement as the sum of the entity requirements calculated in accordance with (2) and (3);

(2)

Entity requirements for this purpose are:

(a)

an Authorised Person's Capital Requirement or Minimum Capital in accordance with the requirements of Requirement calculated whichever of the PRU or PIN Rulebook applies to that Authorised Person;

(b)

in the case of regulated entities supervised by a regulator other than the Regulator, then, with the written agreement of the Regulator, the capital requirement of that entity; and

(c)

for other entities in the Financial Group, a notional capital requirement calculated as directed by the Regulator.

40

PIN VER07.290725

(3)

Where an Authorised Person's Financial Group includes an entity under (c) of the definition of Financial Group in the GLO Rulebook, that Financial Institution's capital requirement is included on a proportionate basis.

Financial Group Capital Resources

8.3.5

(1)

An Insurer must calculate its Financial Group Capital Resources by applying either of the following methods, excluding those amounts referred to in Rule 8.3.6:

(a)

the accounting consolidation method which calculates the Adjusted Capital Resources of the Financial Group based on the Financial Group's consolidated financial statements; or

(b)

the aggregation method, which is the sum of:

(i)

the Adjusted Capital Resources of the Parent of the Financial Group;

(ii)

subject to (3), the Adjusted Capital Resources calculated in accordance with the PIN Rulebook, or the Capital Resources calculated in accordance with the PRU Rulebook, as may be appropriate, of Financial Institutions included in the Financial Group; and

(iii)

subject to (3), the Financial Group's proportionate share of the Adjusted Capital Resources calculated in accordance with the PIN Rulebook, or the Capital Resources calculated in accordance with the PRU Rulebook, as may be appropriate, of Financial Institution participations included in the Financial Group.

(2)

In calculating the Adjusted Capital Resources of a member of the Financial Group or of the Financial Group, an Insurer must follow the method of calculation set out in A3.2, with the exception that the deduction set out in A3.4.3(b) need not be made.

(3)

For the purposes of (1)(b)(ii) and (iii) an investment by one Financial Group member in another must not be included.

Guidance

1.

The calculation of Financial Group Capital Resources is subject