 that Rule to an Insurer were instead references to that segment.

A6.11 Reserving risk component

Guidance

1.

The purpose of the reserving risk component is to require an Insurer to set aside capital to address the risk that the cost of claims will vary from the amounts recorded as liabilities in the Insurer's balance sheet. This calculation applies only to liabilities in respect of outstanding claims (the risk of deterioration in Premium Liability is addressed in the underwriting risk component in Rule A6.10). The provisions in this section apply the relevant provisions of Rule A4.11 to the segments of a Cell Company.

2.

As Insurance Business in Cell Companies may only be carried on through Cells, every Insurer will have a reserving risk component of zero in respect of its Minimum Non-Cellular Capital Requirement.

A6.11.1 An Insurer must calculate the reserving risk component in respect of a segment according to the method set out in Rule A4.11, applied as though all references in that Rule to an Insurer were instead references to that segment.

A6.12 Long-Term Insurance risk component

Guidance

1.

The purpose of the Long-Term Insurance risk component is to require an Insurer to set aside capital to address the risk that the net present value of future Policy Benefits will vary from the amounts recorded as Long-Term Insurance Liabilities in the Insurer's balance sheet. The provisions in this section apply the relevant provisions of Rule A4.12 to the segments of a Cell Company.

109

PIN VER07.290725

2.

As Insurance Business in Cell Companies may only be carried on through Cells, every Insurer will have a Long-Term Insurance risk component of zero in respect of its Minimum Non-Cellular Capital Requirement.

A6.12.1 An Insurer must calculate the Long-Term Insurance risk component in respect of a segment according to the method set out in Rule A4.12, applied as though all references in that Rule to an Insurer were instead references to that segment.

A6.13 Asset management risk component

Guidance

This section requires an Insurer to set aside capital in respect of assets that it manages. This section applies the relevant provisions of Rule A4.13 to the segments of a Cell Company.

A6.13.1 An Insurer must calculate the asset management risk component in respect of a segment according to the method set out in Rule A4.13, applied as though all references in that Rule to an Insurer were instead references to that segment.

110

PIN VER07.290725

APP7 CALCULATION OF ADJUSTED FUND CAPITAL RESOURCES

A7.1 Purpose and general provisions

A7.1.1 This appendix applies to all Insurers to which Rule 4.5 applies.

Guidance

1.

This appendix sets out the manner in which an Insurer is required to calculate the Adjusted Fund Capital Resources in respect of each Long-Term Insurance Fund it maintains. The calculation is analogous to that applicable to Insurers other than Cell Companies, so that (except where changes are necessary to reflect structural differences) the capital of a Long-Term Insurance Fund is determined as though it was an Insurer subject to APP3.

2.

The Adjusted Fund Capital Resources are calculated by making adjustments to the equity of the fund, as at the Solvency Reference Date.

A7.2 Adjusted Fund Capital Resources

A7.2.1 An Insurer must calculate the Adjusted Fund Capital Resources in respect of each

Long-Term Insurance Fund maintained by it, according to the formula:

AFCR = AFE – FHCA

where:

AFCR means the Adjusted Fund Capital Resources in respect of the fund;

AFE means the adjusted fund equity in respect of that fund; and

FHCA means the fund hybrid capital adjustment in respect of that fund.

A7.2.2 Adjusted fund equity is calculated as set out in Rule A7.4. The fund hybrid capital

adjustment is set out in Rule A7.5.

A7.3 Base fund capital

A7.3.1 The commencement point for calculating the adjusted fund equity in respect of a

Long-Term Insurance Fund maintained by an Insurer is the base fund capital.

A7.3.2 Subject to Rules A7.3.3, A7.3.