.2 An Insurer that undertakes Insurance Business in Class 7(b) must ensure that:

(a)

in any reporting period, the amount of its Gross Written Premium attributable to Class 7(b) does not exceed 5% of its total Gross Written Premium in all classes of non-life insurance;

(b)

the Person insured under any Contract of Insurance in Class 7(b) is:

(i)

a Body Corporate; or

(ii)

if not a Body Corporate, a Person whose activities are primarily financial in nature;

(c)

at the time of effecting a Contract of Insurance in Class 7(b), the Person insured under that contract has a rating of BBB or better; and

(d)

the maximum period of any Contract of Insurance in Class 7(b) does not exceed twenty years.

2.5.3 Rule 4.1.4 applies in respect of the determination of ratings for the purposes of

Rule 2.5.2(c).

2.5.4

(1)

An Insurer intending to undertake Insurance Business in Class 7(b) must:

(a)

notify the Regulator in writing of its proposal to undertake such business; and

(b)

provide the Regulator with a regulatory business plan for the business intended to be undertaken, which includes but is not limited to comprehensive risk management strategy, risk pricing approach, reserving models, and actuarial methodologies to determine technical provisions required.

5

PIN VER07.290725

(2)

The Regulator may object to a proposal made by an Insurer under (1).

(3)

If the Regulator decides to exercise its power under (2), the Insurer may refer the matter to the Appeals Panel for review.

(4)

An Insurer must not effect any Contract of Insurance in Class 7(b) if the Regulator has objected to a proposal it has made under (1).

Guidance

The current requirements relating to Class 7(b) do not cater to monoline specialist financial guarantee insurers. However, if such an Insurer wishes to operate in ADGM, the Regulator may introduce requirements that should apply to such an Insurer. In doing so, the Regulator will consider capital adequacy and other requirements that apply generally to such specialist Insurers in other jurisdictions.

3

LONG-TERM INSURANCE BUSINESS

3.1

Introduction

3.1.1 This Chapter applies to all Insurers.

Guidance

1.

This Chapter sets out requirements in respect of Long-Term Insurance Business. An Insurer is required to maintain a separate fund in respect of a Long-Term Insurance Business or to comply with the restrictions that apply to a Long-Term Insurance Fund.

2.

Requirements in this section that are not specified as applying to Direct Long-Term Insurance Business apply to all Long-Term Insurance Business.

3.2

Establishment of Long-Term Insurance Funds

3.2.1 An Insurer that is required, under the provisions of Rule 3.3, to establish or maintain a Long-Term Insurance Fund in respect of a part of its business must identify separately in its books and records the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses attributable to that part of its business. Those assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses must be recorded separately and accounted for as a Long-Term Insurance Fund.

3.2.2 Where an Insurer that is not a Cell Company carries on Long-Term Insurance Business that, under the provisions of Rule 3.3, must be attributed to a Long-Term Insurance Fund, it must either:

(a)

establish one or more Long-Term Insurance Funds; or

(b)

notify the Regulator in writing that the Insurer is deemed to constitute a single Long-Term Insurance Fund.

6

PIN VER07.290725

3.2.3 When an Insurer that is a Company carries on, through a Cell, Long-Term Insurance Business that, under the provisions of Rule 3.3, must be attributed to a Long-Term Insurance Fund, it must either:

(a)

establish, in respect of that Cell, one or more Long-Term Insurance Funds; or

(b)

notify the Regulator in writing that the Cell is deemed to constitute a single Long- Term Insurance Fund.

Guidance

Because of the prohibition set out in COBS 7.2.5, Insurance Business of an Insurer that is a Cell Company can only be carried out