, of Financial Institution participations included in the Financial Group.

(2)

In calculating the Adjusted Capital Resources of a member of the Financial Group or of the Financial Group, an Insurer must follow the method of calculation set out in A3.2, with the exception that the deduction set out in A3.4.3(b) need not be made.

(3)

For the purposes of (1)(b)(ii) and (iii) an investment by one Financial Group member in another must not be included.

Guidance

1.

The calculation of Financial Group Capital Resources is subject to Rule 3.5 which limits the amount of hybrid capital (including subordinated debt) that may be included in Adjusted Capital Resources.

2.

In the calculation of Capital Resources of Financial Institutions that are Financial Group members in accordance with the PRU Rulebook, an Insurer applies to that member the deductions for illiquid assets and material holdings and Qualifying Holdings set out in the PRU Rulebook.

41

PIN VER07.290725

3.

The deduction set out at Rule 8.3.5(3) need not be made to the extent that the investment has already been excluded in whole or part by virtue of the application of the limits described in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Guidance.

8.3.6 When calculating the Financial Group Capital Resources of a Financial Group, an Insurer must not include Capital Resources or Adjusted Capital Resources (as the case may be) of Subsidiaries or participations to the extent that those Capital Resources or Adjusted Capital Resources:

(a)

exceed the entity requirement in respect of that Subsidiary or participation, calculated in accordance with Rule 8.3.4; and

(b)

are not freely transferable within the Financial Group.

Guidance

1.

Because the Financial Group Capital Requirement set out in Rule 8.3.4 includes capital requirements in respect of Group entities, capital resources may be included in the calculation of Financial Group Capital Resources to the extent of those requirements. Capital that is surplus to those requirements is however subject to an additional condition before it may be taken into account for the purposes of capital adequacy of the Financial Group.

2.

In general, Capital Resources or Adjusted Capital Resources are not considered to be freely transferable if they are subject to a legal or constructive limitation on their transferability, whether that transfer would be made by dividend, return or capital or other form of distribution. Examples of relevant limitations include obligations to maintain Minimum Capital Requirements to meet domestic solvency requirements, or comply with debt covenants.

8.4

Transactions within a group

8.4.1 This section applies to all Insurers in respect of all transactions that are material.

Guidance

A single transaction or series of connected transactions that constitute a sale, purchase, exchange, loan or extension of credit, investment or guarantee involving one-half of one percent (0.5%) or less of surplus as at the end of the financial year preceding the effective date of the transaction will not normally be considered material for the purposes of this section.

8.4.2 Transactions entered into by an Insurer with Related entities must comply with the

following conditions:

(a)

the terms of the transactions must be fair and reasonable; and

(b)

the books, accounts and records of the Insurer must clearly and accurately disclose the nature and details of the transactions including any accounting

42

PIN VER07.290725

information necessary to support the fairness and reasonableness of the terms and conditions of the transactions.

8.5

Significant transactions other than group transactions

8.5.1

(1)

An ADGM Incorporated Insurer must not enter into a transaction of the type described in this Rule unless the directors of the Insurer are satisfied following reasonable enquiry that the transaction is at arms-length and does not adversely affect the interests of policyholders. The transactions to be considered are:

(a)

a sale, purchase, exchange, loan or extension of credit, guarantee or investment where the counterparty is a Person Related to the Insurer and the amount of the transaction equals or exceeds 3% of the Insurer's surplus as at the end of the financial year immediately preceding the transaction;

(b)

a loan or extension of credit to any Person who is not Related to the Insurer, where the Insurer makes the loan or extension of credit with the agreement