 set out in Rule A4.5, in respect of the obligation or asset over which the guarantee, letter of credit or other credit substitute is written, as though that obligation or asset were an obligation or asset of the Insurer.

A4.8 Concentration risk component

Guidance

The purpose of the concentration risk component is to require an Insurer to set aside capital to cover the sensitivity that it has to default or volatility in respect of assets and exposures to single counterparties or groupings of connected counterparties, or single properties. The additional capital requirement applies to investment exposures, including off-balance sheet exposures, and amounts outstanding under finite risk reinsurance contracts in respect of Long-Term Insurance. It is calculated on the basis of the Insurer's total exposure to the counterparty, grouping of connected counterparties or property, and operates on a sliding scale depending on the size of that exposure relative to the Insurer's Adjusted Capital Resources. The total amount of the concentration risk component in respect of any asset is limited to 100% of the value of the asset, and certain assets that are left out of account in calculating an Insurer's Adjusted Capital Resources are excluded from the calculation.

A4.8.1 An Insurer must calculate a concentration risk component if the Insurer has, as at the Solvency Reference Date, an investment exposure to a single counterparty or (taken in

85

PIN VER07.290725

the aggregate) to a grouping of two or more counterparties who are Related to each other, or to a single property, that exceeds 10% of the Insurer's Adjusted Capital Resources.

A4.8.2 For the purposes of the calculation referred to in Rule A4.8.1:

(a)

'investment exposure' means the aggregate value of all equity, bond or other investments in or in respect of the counterparty or grouping of Related counterparties or property in question, together with off-balance sheet exposures to the same counterparty or grouping of Related counterparties or property that the Insurer has because it has issued guarantees, letters of credit or other credit substitutes (other than insurance contracts), or because it has entered into derivative contracts, and any amounts referred to in Rule A4.12.6 in respect of that counterparty or grouping of Related counterparties, but excluding any assets excluded from base capital by reason of any of the Rules referred to in Rule A4.4.7(b); and

(b)

'AAA'-Rated Governments and counterparties.

'AAA'-Rated Government agencies are not

A4.8.3 An Insurer must calculate its concentration risk component as the sum of the amounts obtained by applying to each investment exposure that exceeds 10% of the Insurer's Adjusted Capital Resources the relevant formula set out in the following table, subject to Rule A4.8.4.

Exposure expressed as a percentage of adjusted capital resources

Formula to determine concentration risk component

(a) Over 10 up to 25

20% of the amount by which the investment

exposure exceeds 10% of Adjusted Capital Resources, up to a limit equivalent to 3% of Adjusted Capital Resources.

(b) Over 25 up to 50

3% of the amount of Adjusted Capital Resources,

plus 40% of the amount by which the investment exposure exceeds 25% of Adjusted Capital Resources, up to a limit in total equivalent to 13% of Adjusted Capital Resources.

(c) Over 50 up to 75

13% of the amount of Adjusted Capital Resources,

plus 60% of the amount by which the investment exposure exceeds 50% of Adjusted Capital Resources, up to a limit in total equivalent to 28% of Adjusted Capital Resources.

(d) Over 75 up to 100

28% of the amount of Adjusted Capital Resources,

plus 80% of the amount by which the

86

PIN VER07.290725

Exposure expressed as a percentage of adjusted capital resources

Formula to determine concentration risk component

investment exposure exceeds 75% of Adjusted Capital Resources, up to a limit in total equivalent to 48% of Adjusted Capital Resources.

(e) Over 100

48% of the amount of Adjusted Capital Resources, plus 100% of the amount by which the investment exposure exceeds 100% of Adjusted Capital Resources.

A4.