ance (lapse, surrender of or making the contract paid-up) by the policyholder. The Regulator does not consider it appropriate for the projected profitability of Direct Long-Term Insurance contracts to be dependent on 'lapse support'.

6.

Rule 0(1)(a) generally prevents an Insurer from writing 'loss leader' Direct Long-Term Insurance products. An Insurer that wishes to conduct business on a loss-leader basis would need to apply for an appropriate waiver. Such an Insurer would need to demonstrate that its resources are adequate to cover an appropriate level of technical provisions in respect of the contracts concerned, without detriment to its ability to comply with this Rule in respect of its other business.

7.

Because an Insurer is required to maintain adequate capital resources at all times, its systems and controls need to enable the directors to determine and monitor the capital requirements of the Insurer and the capital resources that it has available, and to identify occurrences where the capital resources fall short of the capital requirements or may fall short in the future. An Insurer is not required to measure the precise amount of its capital resources and its capital requirements on a daily basis. However an Insurer should be in a position to demonstrate its capital adequacy at any time if asked to do so by the Regulator.

4.3 Minimum Capital Requirement for Insurers that are not Cell Companies

4.3.1 This section applies only to Insurers that are not Cell Companies.

4.3.2 An Insurer that is not a Cell Company must always have Adjusted Capital Resources

equal to or higher than the amount of its Minimum Capital Requirement.

4.3.3 An Insurer's Adjusted Capital Resources must be calculated in accordance with APP3.

4.3.4 An Insurer's Minimum Capital Requirement must be calculated in accordance with APP4.

4.4 Minimum Capital Requirement for Insurers that are Cell Companies

4.4.1 This section applies only to Insurers that are Cell Companies.

4.4.2 An Insurer that is a Cell Company must ensure that the Insurer has at all times Adjusted NonCellular Capital Resources equal to or higher than the amount of the Minimum NonCellular Capital Requirement.

4.4.3 An Insurer that is a Cell Company must ensure that at all times, in respect of each of its Cells, the Insurer has Adjusted Cellular Capital Resources equal to or higher than the amount of the Minimum Cellular Capital Requirement in respect of that Cell.

4.4.4 The Adjusted Non-Cellular Capital Resources in respect of an Insurer that is a Cell

Company must be calculated in accordance with APP5.

4.4.5 The Minimum Non-Cellular Capital Requirement in respect of an Insurer that is a Cell

Company must be calculated in accordance with APP6.

13

PIN VER07.290725

4.4.6 The Adjusted Cellular Capital Resources in respect of a Cell must be calculated in

accordance with APP5.

4.4.7 The Minimum Cellular Capital Requirement in respect of a Cell must be calculated in

accordance with APP6.

4.5

Insurers that undertake Long-Term Insurance Business

4.5.1 Subject to Rule 4.5.2, this section applies only to Insurers that undertake Long-Term

Insurance Business.

4.5.2 This section does not apply to either:

(a)

an Insurer that is deemed to constitute a single Long-Term Insurance Fund in accordance with Rule 3.2.2(b); or

(b)

an Insurer that is a Cell Company in respect of a Cell that is deemed to constitute a single Long-Term Insurance Fund in accordance with Rule 3.2.3(b).

4.5.3 An Insurer that undertakes Long-Term Insurance Business through a Long-Term Insurance Fund must ensure that at all times, in respect of each Long-Term Insurance Fund maintained by it, the Insurer has Adjusted Fund Capital Resources equal to or higher than the amount of the Minimum Fund Capital Requirement in respect of that Long-Term Insurance Fund.

4.5.4 The Adjusted Fund Capital Resources in respect of a Long-Term Insurance Fund

maintained by an Insurer must be calculated in accordance with APP7.

4.5.5 The Minimum Fund Capital Requirement in respect of a Long-Term Insurance Fund

maint