 of its ADGM Insurance Business and assets that are associated with those Insurance Liabilities; and

(b) revenues and expenses must be included only to the extent that they are

attributable to the Insurer's ADGM Insurance Business.

Guidance

The assets that are associated with Insurance Liabilities normally include only reinsurance and other recoveries in respect of claims, whether or not incurred, included in Insurance Liabilities. The ADGM Business Return does not include assets such as investments, fixed assets, or receivables other than reinsurance recoveries in respect of Insurance Liabilities.

124

PIN VER07.290725

A10.3

Completion of Forms

Guidance

Annual Regulatory Returns follow the cycle of the Insurer's normal statutory reporting, under the Companies Regulations in ADGM and under equivalent legislation elsewhere. Quarterly Regulatory Returns are presented on a quarter-to-quarter basis at specified dates.

A10.3.1 Supplementary Notes must be presented in accordance with any instructions provided through EPRS. Each Supplementary Note must identify the form to which it relates.

A10.3.2 Regulatory Returns must be presented in the English language.

A10.3.3 Where the format of a form requires the presentation of comparative information, the

comparative information shall be presented according to the following principles:

(a)

In the case of a form forming part of the annual Regulatory Return, the comparative information shall be that presented in the annual Regulatory Return for the previous reporting period.

(b)

In the case of a form forming part of the quarterly Regulatory Return, the comparative information shall be that presented in the quarterly Regulatory Return for the corresponding quarter in the previous calendar year.

(c) Comparative information shall be presented unless:

(i)

the Insurer did not exist at any time during the comparative period (whether or not it was an Insurer);

(ii)

in the case of a Cell Return or a Fund Return, the Cell or Long-Term Insurance Fund to which the Regulatory Return relates did not exist at any time during the comparative period; or

(iii)

so far only as concerns ADGM Business Return, in the case of an Insurer that is not an ADGM Incorporated Insurer, the Insurer was not at any time an Insurer during the comparative period.

(d) An Insurer that is required to present comparative information in a Regulatory Return, and that was not required to prepare a Regulatory Return in respect of the comparative period, must present comparative information that would have been presented in the Regulatory Return covering the comparative period, if the Insurer had been required to prepare that Regulatory Return.

(e) Comparative information shall not be changed from the time it was first presented, unless representation is necessary for the interpretation of the Regulatory Return. Where comparative information is changed, the Insurer must include in the Regulatory Return a Supplementary Note showing the nature of the change and the reason for it.

125

PIN VER07.290725

A10.3.4 The annual Regulatory Return, including the Statement by Directors, is subject to audit, except where this appendix or the form instruction guidelines states that a form is not subject to audit.

Guidance

This Rule establishes accounting policy in respect of transactions between reporting units. Internal recharges within an Insurer should be shown as such where they are external to a reporting unit of that Insurer. However, where a reporting unit (for example, the Global Return of an Insurer that is not a Cell Company, and that maintains one or more Long-Term Insurance Funds) includes both 'sides' of the internal transaction, the internal transaction must be eliminated by netting the income and expense.

A10.4

Statement by Directors

Guidance

1.

The Statement by Directors forms a part of the annual Regulatory Return or the quarterly Regulatory Return. By providing these statements, the directors confirm that the Regulatory Returns have been properly prepared and that the Insurer complies with applicable prudential rules.

2.

The Statement by Directors is set out as statements that must be made, but circumstances may arise when a statement cannot be made because it would be untrue to do so. Under such circumstances this section provides for the directors to provide an explanation in place of the omitted statement.

A10.4.1 Every Regulatory Return must include a Statement by Directors, in accordance with

this section.

A10.4.2 The Statement by Directors forming part of the annual Regulatory Return must state

that:

(a) the annual Regulatory Return