 to an Insurer were instead references to a Long-Term Insurance Fund.

A8.4.3 Notwithstanding anything else in this section:

(a)

the default risk component in respect of any asset that is subject to a fixed or floating charge, mortgage or other encumbrance must be 100% of the value of the asset to the extent of that charge, mortgage or encumbrance. In the case of such assets, the percentages set out in the tables referred to above must be applied only to the amount, if any, by which the value of the asset exceeds the amount of the charge, mortgage or encumbrance; and

(b)

no default risk component must be calculated in respect of assets excluded from Adjusted Fund Capital Resources in accordance with Rules A7.4.2(d), A7.4.2(e), A7.4.2(f), A7.4.2(h), or A7.4.2(i).

A8.5

Investment volatility risk component

Guidance

The purpose of the investment volatility risk component is to require an Insurer to set aside capital to cover the risk of deterioration in the values of Invested Assets. The basic calculation model for this component, as it applies to Insurers that are not Cell Companies, is set out in Rule A4.5. The provisions in this section apply the relevant provisions of Rule A4.5 to each Long-Term Insurance Fund that an Insurer maintains.

A8.5.1 An Insurer must calculate the investment volatility risk component in respect of a Long-Term Insurance Fund as the sum of the amounts obtained by multiplying the value of each Invested Asset attributable to the fund with the relevant percentage, in accordance with the table set out in Rule A4.5.1, but subject to the provisions of Rule A4.5.2.

A8.6 Off-balance sheet asset risk component

Guidance

The purpose of the off-balance sheet asset risk component is to require an Insurer to set aside capital to cover the risk of default and deterioration in value in respect of exposures that the Insurer has because it is a party to a derivative contract. The provisions in this section apply the relevant provisions of Rule A4.6 to each Long-Term Insurance Fund that an Insurer maintains.

116

PIN VER07.290725

A8.6.1 An Insurer is required to calculate an off-balance sheet asset risk component in respect of a Long-Term Insurance Fund, if the Insurer is, as at the Solvency Reference Date, a party to a derivative contract attributable to that fund, including a forward, future, swap, option or other similar contract, but not including:

(a)

a put option serving as a guarantee;

(b)

a foreign exchange contract having an original maturity of fourteen days or less; or

(c)

an instrument traded on a futures or options exchange, which is subject to daily mark-to-market and margin payments.

A8.6.2 An Insurer must calculate the off-balance sheet asset risk component in respect of a Long-Term Insurance Fund as the sum of the amounts obtained by applying the calculations set out in Rule A8.6.3 in respect of each derivative contract entered into by the Insurer and attributable to that fund, that meets the description in Rule A8.6.1.

A8.6.3 The amount in respect of a derivative contract is obtained by calculating, for an asset equivalent amount as determined in Rule A8.6.4, a default risk component as set out in Rule A8.4 and an investment volatility risk component as set out in Rule A8.5, as though the asset equivalent amount were a debt obligation due from the derivative counterparty.

A8.6.4 The asset equivalent amount in respect of a derivative is calculated as the sum of the current mark-to-market exposure of the derivative (where this is positive) and the amount obtained by multiplying the notional principal amount of the derivative by the factors specified in the table set out in Rule A4.6.4 according to the nature and residual maturity of the derivative.

A8.7 Off-balance sheet liability risk component

Guidance

The purpose of the off-balance sheet liability risk component is to require an Insurer to set aside capital to cover the risk that it will be required to perform on a guarantee