 the Insurer; and

(b)

any amount in respect of dividends to be paid by the Insurer in the form of shares.

A3.4.3 The following items must be deducted from base capital, to the extent that the Insurer has not excluded them in determining its base capital, or has added them to base capital under Rule A3.4.2:

(a)

any amounts in respect of appropriations to be made from profit in respect of the reporting period most recently ended, including dividends, distributions by Takaful Insurers of surplus, bonuses, pensions and welfare charges that are determined on the basis of the profit of that reporting period, whether or not the amounts have been approved by the Insurer for payment;

76

PIN VER07.290725

(b)

Owners' Equity in a Takaful Insurer that does not, under the constitutional documents of the Insurer or the terms of the Contracts of Insurance or both, participate in the surpluses and losses of Takaful business;

(c)

the amount of any investment by the Insurer or by a Subsidiary of the Insurer, in the Insurer's own shares;

(d)

the amount of any tax liability that would be attributable to unrealised gains on investments, if those gains were realised;

(e)

the amount of deferred acquisition costs;

(f)

the amount of any deferred tax asset;

(g)

the amount of any asset representing the value of in-force Long-Term Insurance Business of the Insurer;

(h)

the amount of any goodwill, patents, service rights, brands and any other intangible items;

(i)

the amount of any Zakah or charity fund of a Takaful Insurer;

(j)

the amount of any operating assets, including inventories, plant and equipment, and vehicles; and

(k)

the amount of any other assets that may not be applied to meet Insurance Liabilities of the Insurer.

A3.4.4 Rule A3.4.3(k) does not require an Insurer to exclude assets attributable to a Long-Term

Insurance Fund maintained by the Insurer.

A3.5 Hybrid capital adjustment

Guidance

1.

This section acts to limit hybrid capital to 15% of an Insurer's adjusted equity.

2.

The purpose of the hybrid capital adjustment is to limit the extent to which an Insurer may rely for its Adjusted Capital Resources on instruments that do not or may not constitute permanent capital of the Insurer. Such instruments include share capital contributed by a Holding Company, where the Holding Company's investment is financed by debt rather than by its own capital.

A3.5.1 Hybrid capital includes the following items:

(a)

subordinated debt;

(b)

preference shares;

(c)

Owners' Equity in a Takaful Insurer, of the type described in Rule A3.3.3; and

77

PIN VER07.290725

(d)

ordinary shares issued by an Insurer to a Holding Company whose own paid-up ordinary share capital, taken together with its general reserves, is lower than that of the Insurer.

A3.5.2 Subject to Rule A3.5.3, an Insurer must calculate its hybrid capital adjustment as the

amount by which the total amount of hybrid capital exceeds 15% of adjusted equity.

A3.5.3 The Regulator may at its discretion and on the application of an Insurer, permit that Insurer to apply Rule A3.5.2 as though the figure of 15% was replaced with a higher figure approved in writing by the Regulator. The approved figure may not be more than the actual percentage which the hybrid capital represents of adjusted equity, and may not in any case exceed 30%.

78

PIN VER07.290725

APP4 CALCULATION OF MINIMUM CAPITAL REQUIREMENT

A4.1 Purpose and general provisions

A4.1.1 This appendix applies to all Insurers to which Rule 4.3 applies.

Guidance

1.

This appendix sets out the manner in which an Insurer that is not a Cell Company is required to calculate its Minimum Capital Requirement. The equivalent provisions for Insurers that are Cell Companies are set out in APP6.

2.

The Minimum Capital Requirement is calculated by determining individual components in respect of various specific risks that the Insurer is exposed to, and adding those components together to arrive at the Minimum Capital Requirement.

A