 to non-ADGM Insurance Business of Insurers that are not ADGM Incorporated Insurers.

2.

Rules 9.2 and 9.3 set out actions that an Insurer is required to take when it decides to cease to effect or carry out Contracts of Insurance. Rules 9.4, 9.5 and 9.6 give the Regulator specific powers relating to the supervision of such Insurers.

9.1.3 For the purposes of this Chapter, in determining whether an Insurer is effecting Contracts of Insurance, or has ceased effecting Contracts of Insurance, including Contracts of Insurance effected through a Cell or a Long-Term Insurance Fund, Contracts of Insurance effected under a term of an existing Contract of Insurance must be ignored.

Guidance

The effect of Rule 9.1.3 is to disregard, for the purposes of determining whether the Chapter applies, Contracts of Insurance that are effected by the Insurer, as a consequence of a term of an existing Contract of Insurance. A contract will normally only be regarded as being effected under a term of an existing contract if the Insurer does not have discretion to decline to effect the new contract, or if it would be unreasonable for the Insurer, having regard to the interests of the policyholder, to decline to effect it.

9.1.4

In this Chapter:

(a)

an Insurer in run-off means an Insurer that has ceased to effect Contracts of Insurance in respect of the whole of its Insurance Business (or, in the case of an Insurer that is not an ADGM Incorporated Insurer, the whole of its Insurance Business carried on through an establishment in ADGM), and a Cell in run-off and a Long-Term Insurance Fund in run-off are construed accordingly; and

(b)

going into run-off or placing Insurance Business into run-off means ceasing to effect Contracts of Insurance, and placing a Cell or a Long-Term Insurance Fund into run-off are construed accordingly.

45

PIN VER07.290725

9.2

Insurers ceasing to effect Contracts of Insurance in a Class of Business

9.2.1 This section applies to an Insurer that ceases or decides to cease to effect new Contracts

of Insurance:

(a)

in a Class of Business in which the Insurer has previously carried on Insurance Business; or

(b)

in respect of a Cell or a Long-Term Insurance Fund, in a Class of Business in which the Insurer has previously carried on Insurance Business through that Cell or Long-Term Insurance Fund.

9.2.2 An Insurer to which this section applies must, within twenty-eight days of a decision to cease to effect new Contracts of Insurance in a Class of Business, notify the Regulator of its decision, in a written notice specifying the following details:

(a)

the effective date of the decision to cease effecting Contracts of Insurance;

(b)

the Class of Business to which the decision relates; and

(c)

where relevant, the Cell or Long-Term Insurance Fund to which the decision relates.

9.2.3 An Insurer which has provided a notice to the Regulator

in accordance with Rule 9.2.2 must not effect any Contracts of Insurance in that Class of Business without the written permission of the Regulator. Where the notice referred to in Rule 9.2.2 relates to a Cell or Long-Term Insurance Fund of the Insurer, the restriction set out in this Rule applies only to that Cell or Long-Term Insurance Fund.

9.3

Run-off plans

9.3.1 This section applies to:

(a)

Insurers that are in run-off or that maintain Cells or Long-Term Insurance Funds that are in run-off;

(b)

Insurers that go into run-off or that place Cells or Long-Term Insurance Funds into run-off;

(c)

Insurers that make a decision to go into run-off or to place a Cell or Long-Term Insurance Fund into run-off; and

(d)

Insurers whose permission to effect Contracts of Insurance in respect of their entire Insurance Business or in respect of the entire business of a Cell or Long-Term Insurance Fund is withdrawn by the Regulator.

9.3.2

If an Insurer takes a decision to go into run-off or to place a Cell or a Long-Term Insurance Fund into run-off, the Insurer must, at the same time as the notice referred to