.1 An Insurer must, in its own records, classify all Contracts of Insurance effected by it as Insurer and all reinsurance contracts entered into by it as cedant, according to the Class of Business to which the contracts relate.

5.2.2 Where a contract relates to more than one Class of Business, the Insurer must record separately the portions of the contract that relate to each Class of Business, except that immaterial portions need not be separately recorded.

Guidance

1.

The Classes of Business are set out in Part 4 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

17

PIN VER07.290725

2.

A portion of a Contract of Insurance, insuring a risk of a Class of Business other than the principal Class of Business to which the contract relates, will not normally be regarded as material if the interest that it insures is both related and subsidiary to the principal interest or interests insured under the contract, and constitutes less than 10% of the Gross Written Premium under the contract.

5.3

Basic principles of recognition and measurement

5.3.1 Except where this Chapter provides otherwise, the assets and liabilities of an Insurer must be recognised and measured in accordance with a basis of accounting set out in Rule 5.3.2.

Guidance

The exceptions provided in this Chapter relate to the following:

a.

specific Rules in respect of certain assets and liabilities, intended to achieve a regulatory objective not achieved by application of either or both of the bases of accounting set out in Rule 5.3.2;

b.

assets and liabilities that are not dealt with in either or both of the bases of accounting set out in Rule 5.3.2; and

c.

the overriding power of the Regulator, set out in Rule 5.1.6, to require an Insurer to adopt a particular measurement for a specific asset or liability.

5.3.2 The basis of accounting adopted by an Insurer for the purposes of Rule 5.3.1 must be:

(a)

in the case of a Takaful Insurer, the standards of the Accounting and Auditing Organisation for Islamic Financial Institutions; or

(b)

in any other case, International Financial Reporting Standards.

5.3.3 Where the valuation of an asset or liability is dependent upon the adoption of assumptions or the adoption of a calculation method, any change in the assumptions or methods adopted must be reflected immediately in the value attributed to the asset or liability concerned. The recognition of the effects of changes in assumptions or methods may not be deferred to future reporting periods.

5.4

Recognition and measurement of insurance assets and liabilities in respect of General Insurance

5.4.1 This section applies to assets and liabilities in respect of General Insurance contracts.

5.4.2 Premiums in respect of direct insurance contracts, facultative reinsurance contracts and non-proportional treaty reinsurance contracts entered into by an Insurer as insurer must be treated as receivable from the date of entering into the Contract of Insurance.

18

PIN VER07.290725

5.4.3 Premiums in respect of proportional treaty reinsurance contracts entered into by an Insurer as insurer must be treated as receivable in accordance with the pattern of the cedant entering into the underlying Contract of Insurance.

5.4.4 Premiums in respect of facultative reinsurance contracts and non-proportional treaty contracts entered into by an Insurer as cedant must be treated as payable from the date of entering into the reinsurance contract.

5.4.5 Premiums in respect of proportional treaty reinsurance contracts entered into by an Insurer as cedant must be treated as payable in accordance with the pattern of effecting the underlying Contract of Insurance.

5.4.6 Expenses incurred in respect of Contracts of Insurance effected by an Insurer must be

treated as payable at the time the contracts are effected.

5.4.7 An Insurer must treat as a liability, the premium liability, which is the value of future claim payments and associated direct and indirect settlement costs, arising from future events insured under policies that are in force as at the Solvency Reference Date.

Guidance

The liability referred to in Rule 5.4.7 is commonly represented by insurers as two separate provisions, the unearned premium provision and the premium deficiency provision. The sum of the two provisions is sometimes referred to as the