

A4.1 Purpose and general provisions

A4.1.1 This appendix applies to all Insurers to which Rule 4.3 applies.

Guidance

1.

This appendix sets out the manner in which an Insurer that is not a Cell Company is required to calculate its Minimum Capital Requirement. The equivalent provisions for Insurers that are Cell Companies are set out in APP6.

2.

The Minimum Capital Requirement is calculated by determining individual components in respect of various specific risks that the Insurer is exposed to, and adding those components together to arrive at the Minimum Capital Requirement.

A4.2 Minimum Capital Requirement

A4.2.1 Subject to Rule A4.2.2, an Insurer must calculate its Minimum Capital Requirement

according to the formula:

MCR = DRC + IVRC + OARC + OLRC + CRC + SFAC + URC + RRC + LIRC + AMRC

Where the following definitions apply:

Term

Definition

MCR

Insurer's Minimum Capital Requirement;

DRC

Insurer's default risk component;

IVRC

Insurer's investment volatility risk component;

OARC

Insurer's off-balance sheet asset risk component;

OLRC

Insurer's off-balance sheet liability risk component;

CRC

Insurer's concentration risk component;

SFAC

Insurer's size factor adjustment component;

URC

Insurer's underwriting risk component;

RRC

Insurer's reserving risk component;

LIRC

Insurer's Long-Term Insurance risk component; and

AMRC

Insurer's asset management risk component.

79

PIN VER07.290725

A4.2.2 The methods of calculation of the components referred to in Rule A4.2.1 are set out in

Rules A4.4, A4.5, A4.6, A4.7, A4.8, A4.9, A4.10, A4.11, A4.12 and A4.13.

A4.2.3 Captive Insurer Minimum Capital Requirements are set out in the CIB rulebook.

A4.3 Applicability of components to assets of the Insurer

A4.3.1 Subject to Rule A4.3.2, an Insurer must calculate those components of its Minimum Capital Requirement that are relevant to assets, in respect of every asset that is owned by the Insurer and that is available to meet the liabilities of the Insurer.

A4.3.2 Where an Insurer arranges its affairs such that its Invested Assets are held in a Related entity, the Insurer may, with the written approval of the Regulator, calculate components of its Minimum Capital Requirement by reference to the Insurer's interest in the assets that are held by the Related entity, instead of by reference to the interest that the Insurer has in that Related entity. In that case this appendix shall be interpreted as though the assets (representing the Insurer's interest) held by the Related entity were held directly by the Insurer.

Guidance

The effect of Rule A4.3.2 is to provide flexibility for Insurers whose investments are managed on a pooled basis within a Group, or which establish specialist Subsidiaries to manage their investments. While the Insurer's asset in such cases is a balance with, or investment in, a Related entity, this Rule permits the Insurer to 'look through' the corporate arrangement and apply this appendix to the assets of the Related entity as though they were the Insurer's own.

A4.4 Default risk component

Guidance

The purpose of the default risk component is to require an Insurer to set aside capital to cover the risk that amounts receivable from counterparties will not be received. The basic calculation model for this component, set out in A4.4.1, is modified by additional provisions that permit an Insurer to take account of the reduced default risk where an asset is covered by guarantees or collateral, and impose additional capital charges on assets that are encumbered. In addition, certain assets that are left out of account in calculating an Insurer's Adjusted Capital Resources are exempt from the default risk component calculation. Excluding these assets from Adjusted Capital Resources already effectively imposes a 100% capital requirement.

A4.4.1 An Insurer must calculate its default risk component