ained earnings;

(d)

current year's earnings after tax; and

(e)

hybrid non-cellular capital (as defined in Rule A5.5.1).

A5.3.2 All Cell Share Capital and any capital instruments or equity reserves of the Insurer that

are attributable to a Cell must be excluded from base non-cellular capital.

A5.3.3 Hybrid non-cellular capital having a term to maturity of less than five years may only be included in base non-cellular capital with the written consent of the Regulator.

A5.4 Adjusted non-cellular equity

A5.4.1 An Insurer must calculate its adjusted non-cellular equity by adding items to and

deducting them from its base non-cellular capital, as set out in this section.

Guidance

1.

The purpose of these adjustments is to provide a consistent basis for the determination of the Insurer's Adjusted Non-Cellular Capital Resources and to exclude from those resources assets that may not be readily realisable for the purposes of meeting any Non-Cellular Liabilities of the Insurer.

2.

A Takaful Insurer may not count as non-cellular capital amounts loaned to Insurance Funds that are attributable to Cells, as those amounts will be counted towards base cellular capital of the Cells concerned.

A5.4.2 The following items must be added to base non-cellular capital, to the extent that the

Insurer has excluded them in determining its base non-cellular capital:

(a)

any minority interests in companies that are Subsidiaries of the Insurer, where the Insurer's interest in those companies constitutes a Non-Cellular Asset of the Insurer; and

(b)

any amount in respect of dividends to be paid by the Insurer in the form of shares other than Cell Shares.

96

PIN VER07.290725

A5.4.3 The following items must be deducted from base non-cellular capital, to the extent that the Insurer has not excluded them in determining its base non-cellular capital, or has added them to base non-cellular capital under Rule A5.4.2:

(a)

any amounts in respect of appropriations to be made from profit in respect of the reporting period most recently ended, including dividends, bonuses, pensions and welfare charges that are determined on the basis of the profit of that reporting period, whether or not the amounts have been approved by the Insurer for payment;

(b)

Owners' Equity in a Takaful Insurer that does not, under the constitutional documents of the Insurer or the terms of insurance contracts or both, participate in the surpluses and losses of Takaful business;

(c)

the amount of any investment by the Insurer or by a Subsidiary of the Insurer, in the Insurer's own shares;

(d)

the amount of any tax liability that would be attributable to unrealised gains on investments, if those gains were realised;

(e)

the amount of any deferred tax asset;

(f)

the amount of any goodwill, patents, service rights, brands and any other intangible items;

(g)

in a Takaful Insurer, the amount of any loan made from the Owners' Equity to an Insurance Fund that is attributable to a Cell, that has not been repaid as at the Solvency Reference Date;

(h)

the amount of any Zakah or charity fund of a Takaful Insurer;

(i)

the amount of any operating assets, including inventories, plant and equipment, and vehicles; and

(j)

the amount of any other assets that may not be applied to meet Non-Cellular Liabilities of the Insurer.

A5.5 Hybrid non-cellular capital adjustment

Guidance

1.

This section acts to limit hybrid non-cellular capital to 15% of an Insurer's adjusted non-cellular equity.

2.

The purpose of the hybrid non-cellular capital adjustment is to limit the extent to which an Insurer may rely for its Adjusted Non-Cellular Capital Resources on instruments that do not or may not constitute permanent capital of the Insurer. Such instruments include share capital contributed by a Holding Company, where the Holding Company's investment is financed by debt rather than by its own capital.

97

PIN VER07.290725

A5.5.1 Subject to Rule A5.5.2, hybrid non-cellular