 the Regulator is of appropriate quality.

74

PIN VER07.290725

APP3 CALCULATION OF ADJUSTED CAPITAL RESOURCES

A3.1 Purpose and general provisions

A3.1.1 This appendix applies to all Insurers to which Rule 4.3 applies.

Guidance

1.

This appendix sets out the manner in which an Insurer that is not a Cell Company is required to calculate its Adjusted Capital Resources. The equivalent provisions for Insurers that are Cell Companies are set out in APP5.

2.

The Adjusted Capital Resources are calculated by making adjustments to the Insurer's equity as at the Solvency Reference Date.

A3.2 Adjusted Capital Resources

A3.2.1 An Insurer must calculate its Adjusted Capital Resources according to the formula:

ACR = AE – HCA

where:

ACR means the Insurer's Adjusted Capital Resources;

AE means the Insurer's adjusted equity; and

HCA means the Insurer's hybrid capital adjustment.

A3.2.2 Adjusted equity is calculated as set out in Rule A3.4. The hybrid capital adjustment is set

out in Rule A3.5.

A3.3 Base capital

Guidance

The commencement point for calculating an Insurer's adjusted equity is the Insurer's base capital.

A3.3.1 Subject to Rules A3.3.2, A3.3.3 and A3.4, an Insurer's base capital consists of the

following capital instruments and equity reserves of the Insurer:

(a)

paid-up ordinary shares, except for shares referred to in Rule A3.5.1(d);

(b)

general reserves;

(c)

in the Insurance Fund of a Takaful Insurer, amounts provided from the Owners' Equity by loan to the Insurance Fund and not repaid as at the Solvency Reference Date;

75

PIN VER07.290725

(d)

retained earnings;

(e)

current year's earnings after tax; and

(f)

hybrid capital, as defined in Rule A3.5.1.

A3.3.2 Where an Insurer is not an ADGM Incorporated Insurer, base capital may include capital instruments and equity reserves that are approved in writing by the Regulator as equivalent to the capital instruments and equity reserves described in Rule A3.3.1.

A3.3.3 Owner's Equity in a Takaful Insurer other than amounts referred to in Rule A3.3.1(c) must

be classified as hybrid capital for the purposes of this section if:

(a)

under the constitutional documents of the Insurer or the terms of Contract of Insurance or both, participation in the surpluses and losses of Takaful business is limited to the policyholders of the Insurer; and

(b)

the Owners' Equity is available for loan to the Insurance Fund of the Insurer.

A3.3.4 Hybrid capital having a term to maturity of less than five years may only be included in

base capital with the written consent of the Regulator.

A3.4 Adjusted equity

A3.4.1 An Insurer must calculate its adjusted equity by adding items to and deducting them from

its base capital, as set out in this section.

Guidance

The purpose of these adjustments is to provide a consistent basis for the determination of the Insurer's Adjusted Capital Resources and to exclude from those resources assets that may not be readily realisable for the purposes of meeting Insurance Liabilities of the Insurer.

A3.4.2 The following items must be added to base capital, to the extent that the Insurer has

excluded them in determining its base capital:

(a)

any minority interests in companies that are Subsidiaries of the Insurer; and

(b)

any amount in respect of dividends to be paid by the Insurer in the form of shares.

A3.4.3 The following items must be deducted from base capital, to the extent that the Insurer has not excluded them in determining its base capital, or has added them to base capital under Rule A3.4.2:

(a)

any amounts in respect of appropriations to be made from profit in respect of the reporting period most recently ended, including dividends, distributions by Takaful Insurers of surplus, bonuses, pensions and welfare charges that are