, for example, authorise an ISPV where part of the financing for its reinsurance liabilities was on a contingent basis, i.e. a stand-by facility or letter of credit.

10.1.3 The assets of an Authorised ISPV must be held by, or on behalf of:

(a)

the Authorised ISPV; or

(b)

the insurer which cedes to the Authorised ISPV the risks in respect of which the relevant assets are held.

10.1.4 An Authorised ISPV must develop, implement and maintain a risk management system to address all material risks to which it is subject. In particular, it must have regard to the Guidance on managing investment risk set out in Rule A2.6.

10.1.5 An Authorised ISPV must include in each of its contracts of reinsurance terms which ensure that its aggregate maximum liability at any time under those contracts of reinsurance does not exceed the amount of its assets at that time.

10.1.6 An Authorised ISPV must ensure that under the terms of any debt issuance or other financing arrangements used to fund its reinsurance liabilities the rights of the providers of that debt or other financing are fully subordinated to the claims of creditors under its contracts of reinsurance.

10.1.7 An Authorised ISPV must only enter into contracts or otherwise assume obligations which are necessary for it to give effect to the reinsurance arrangements which represent the special purpose for which it has been established.

10.1.8 Where the Authorised ISPV is a Cell Company, Rules 10.1.2 to 10.1.7 should be read as

applying to each Cell individually.

53

PIN VER07.290725

APP1 GUIDE TO THE APPENDICES

A1.1 Guide to the appendices

Guidance

1.

In PIN, appendices have been used to present detailed material which would otherwise break up the flow of the main text.

2.

APP2 presents detailed guidance on systems and controls issues particularly relevant to Insurers.

3.

The remaining appendices are all concerned with capital adequacy calculations and reporting.

4.

A fundamental requirement of Chapter 4 of the Rules is that an Insurer's capital resources should be at least equal to its capital requirement.

5.

APP3 contains the Rules for the calculation of an Insurer's capital resources and APP5 and APP7 contain the corresponding rules for a Cell Company and a segregated Long-Term Insurance Fund, respectively.

6.

APP4 contains the Rules for the calculation of an Insurer's capital requirement. APP6 and APP8 contain the corresponding rules for a Cell Company and a segregated Long-Term Insurance Fund respectively. They make frequent reference to APP4.

7.

APP9 contains the rules for the calculation of ADGM Business Risk Capital Requirement referred to in Rule 4.6.2(c). It is only applicable to Insurers incorporated outside ADGM.

54

PIN VER07.290725

APP2 MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF RISK

A2.1

Introduction

Guidance

1.

This Guidance relates to the Rules on management and control of risk contained in Chapter 2. It has been prepared to assist directors of Insurers, their Auditors, and others concerned in applying those Rules.

2.

The Rules in Chapter 2 require an Insurer to address specific areas of risk, as well as maintain a sound and effective risk management system. Insurers have some flexibility in their approach to these requirements.

3.

This appendix provides some general comment on the objectives of the Rules, risk management and control mechanisms. It also provides specific comment on the following selected aspects of the five broad areas of risk identified in Rule 2.3, that are considered to be of particular relevance to Insurers:

a.

Balance sheet risk components:

i.

reserving risk;

ii.

investment risk (including risks associated with the use of derivatives);

iii.

underwriting risk;

iv.

claims management risk;

v.

product design and pricing risk; and

vi.

liquidity management risk;

b.

Credit quality risk;

c.

Non-financial or operational risk components:

i.

business continuity planning risk; and

ii.

outsourcing risk;

d.

Reinsurance risk; and

e.

Group risk.

4.

It is not the purpose of this appendix to provide guidance in areas that are common to many, if not all, Authorised Persons other than Insurers