1 An Insurer must calculate the asset management risk component in respect of a Long-Term Insurance Fund according to the method set out in Rule A4.13, applied as though all references in that Rule to an Insurer were instead references to that fund.

120

PIN VER07.290725

APP9 CALCULATION OF ADGM BUSINESS RISK CAPITAL REQUIREMENT

A9.1 Purpose and general provisions

A9.1.1 This appendix applies to all Insurers to which Rule 4.6 applies.

Guidance

1.

This appendix sets out the manner in which an Insurer that is not an ADGM Incorporated Insurer is required to calculate its ADGM Business Risk Capital Requirement. The basis of calculation is analogous to the basis of calculation of elements of the Minimum Capital Requirement for Insurers that are not Cell Companies, as set out in APP4.

2.

The ADGM Business Risk Capital Requirement is calculated with reference to the insurance activities of the Insurer, carried out through its establishment in ADGM, without deduction for reinsurances.

A9.2 ADGM Business Risk Capital Requirement

A9.2.1 An Insurer must calculate its ADGM Business Risk Capital Requirement as the sum of the Insurer's ADGM underwriting risk component, the Insurer's ADGM reserving risk component and the Insurer's ADGM Long-Term Insurance risk component.

A9.2.2 In calculating ADGM Business Risk Capital Requirement:

(a)

no account must be taken of Contracts of Insurance effected by the Insurer, other than through an establishment in ADGM; and

(b)

no account must be taken of contracts of reinsurance entered into by the Insurer as cedant, regardless of where those contracts of reinsurance were entered into.

A9.3 ADGM underwriting risk component

Guidance

The ADGM underwriting risk component requires an Insurer to demonstrate the availability of capital to address the risk that the cost of claims on Contracts of Insurance entered into as Insurer through an establishment in ADGM will vary from the cost implicit in the premiums being charged.

A9.3.1 An Insurer must calculate its ADGM underwriting risk component according to the method set out in Rule A4.10, subject to the modifications set out in Rules A9.2.2(a) and (b).

121

PIN VER07.290725

A9.4 ADGM reserving risk component

Guidance

The ADGM reserving risk component requires an Insurer to demonstrate the availability of capital to address the risk that the cost of claims in respect of contracts entered into as Insurer through an establishment in ADGM will vary from the amounts recorded as liabilities in the Insurer's balance sheet.

A9.4.1 An Insurer must calculate its ADGM reserving risk component according to the method set out in Rule A4.11, subject to the modifications set out in Rules 9.2.2(a) and (b).

A9.5 ADGM long-term insurance risk component

A9.5.1 An Insurer must calculate its ADGM Long-Term Insurance risk component according to in

the method set out Rules 9.2.2(a) and (b).

in Rule A4.12, subject to the modifications set out

122

PIN VER07.290725

APP10 REPORTING TO THE REGULATOR

A10.1

Purpose and general provisions

A10.1.1 This appendix applies to all Insurers.

A10.1.2

In this appendix and the forms, unless the term 'annual Regulatory Return' or 'quarterly Regulatory Return' is used, the term 'Regulatory Return' includes both of those Regulatory Returns.

A10.1.3 The Regulator shall specify from time to time the forms to be used for the purpose of

reporting under this Appendix.

Guidance

1.

The form and content of the Regulatory Returns differs according to the characteristics of the Insurer.

2. General requirements relating to the recognition and measurement of assets and liabilities are dealt with in PIN Chapter 5.

4.

This appendix sets out some matters relating to content and presentation of the information contained in the Regulatory Returns. Further guidance in relation to the preparation and submission of the Regulatory Returns as specified by the Regulator and EPRS.

A10.2

Regulatory Returns for Cells, Long-Term