 necessary to extend the scope of the Financial Group to include entities outside of the Financial Group to ensure appropriate Financial Group supervision, an Insurer must also include in the scope of the Financial Group any entity the Regulator may direct the Insurer in writing to include.

(2)

An Insurer may, for the purposes of this section, exclude from its Financial Group, any entity the inclusion of which would be misleading or inappropriate for the purposes of Financial Group supervision, provided the Insurer has obtained the Regulator's prior written approval to do so.

(3)

An Insurer must provide to the Regulator, where requested, information regarding other Group entities, the Group structure and the systems and controls in place to manage Group Risk.

Guidance

If more than one member of the same Group is subject to an obligation to provide information in respect of a position of the Group, one or more of those Authorised Persons may make application to the Regulator for an appropriate waiver or modification of these Rules.

8.2

Systems and controls requirements

8.2.1

If an Insurer is a member of a Group, it must establish and maintain systems and controls for the purpose of:

(a)

monitoring the effect on the Insurer of:

(i)

its relationship with other members of its Group;

38

PIN VER07.290725

(ii)

its membership in its Group; and

(iii)

the activities of other members of its Group; and

(b)

monitoring compliance with Financial Group supervision requirements below, including systems for the production of relevant data:

(i)

monitoring funding within the Financial Group; and

(ii)

monitoring compliance with Financial Group reporting requirements.

Guidance

1.

For the purposes of the above requirement, an Insurer may take into account its position within its Group, the materiality of the risk to which it is exposed because of its membership of the Group, and the access that it has to the systems and controls of other members of its Group and any information produced by them or by Associates. For example, it would be reasonable for a small Insurer within a larger Group to place some reliance on its Parent to ensure that appropriate systems and controls are in place.

2.

An Insurer may also consider together Groups whose Parents are all members of the same Group, except for any Group of which the Insurer is the Parent. An Insurer that is itself the Parent of a Group must give specific consideration to the risks to which it is exposed as the Parent. The Regulator will not otherwise however normally expect an Insurer to apply the provisions of this Rule to sub-Groups of a single Group.

8.3

Financial Group Capital Requirements and Financial Group Capital Resources

8.3.1

(1)

Rule 8.3 does not apply to an Insurer if:

(a)

the Insurer's Financial Group is already the subject of Financial Group prudential supervision by the Regulator as a result of the authorisation of another Financial Group member; or

(b)

the Regulator has confirmed in writing, in response to an application from the Insurer, that it is satisfied that the Insurer's Group is the subject of consolidated prudential supervision by an appropriate regulator; or

(c)

except where the Regulator has directed the inclusion of an entity pursuant to Rule 8.1.2(1), the percentage of total assets of Authorised Persons and Financial Institutions in the Financial Group is less than 40% of the total Financial Group assets.

(2)

Where an Insurer has received confirmation in writing from the Regulator in accordance with (1)(b), it must immediately advise the Regulator in writing if the circumstances upon which the confirmation was based change.

39

PIN VER07.290725

8.3.2 Where a Financial Group contains both Insurers and Authorised Persons subject to the requirements in PRU, the Regulator shall determine which of the sectoral rules in Rule 8.3 and PRU 8.3 shall apply in respect of the group.

Guidance

1.

The objective of Rule 8.3.1(1)(a) is to avoid the necessity for multiple reporting of group capital adequacy.

2.

Where a Financial Group includes both Insurers and entities subject to PRU, it is necessary to determine whether the Financial Group supervision applicable to the Financial Group should be that set out in Chapter 8.3 or PRU 