 at appropriate times to all relevant data and people which the Actuary reasonably believes is necessary to fulfil his obligations to the Insurer in respect of this Chapter.

7.4.3 The Insurer must submit the reports referred to in Rule 7.2 and Rule 7.3 to the Regulator, at the same time as it submits its annual Regulatory Return for the reporting period ended on the reporting date.

7.4.4 Where an Insurer is not an ADGM Incorporated Insurer, a report prepared under Rule 7.2 or 7.3 must deal separately with ADGM Insurance Business of the Insurer, and the Insurance Business of the Insurer as a whole.

7.4.5 Abbreviated details may be provided in a report prepared under the requirements of this

Chapter in respect of a Class of Business that is not material.

Guidance

For the purposes of Rule 7.4.5, a Class of Business that accounts for less than 10% of the Insurer's Net Written Premium in the reporting period ended on the reporting date and that accounts for less than 10% of the Insurer's Insurance Liabilities as at the reporting date, will normally be considered immaterial.

7.5

Qualifications of the actuary

7.5.1 An Actuary appointed to provide an actuarial report under this Chapter must:

(a)

have experience in the determination of liabilities in the Classes of Business dealt with in the actuarial report; and

(b)

have the required skill and experience to perform his functions under the Rules and Regulations.

Guidance

The Rules do not require an Insurer to use the same Actuary for all reports. An Insurer may provide separate reports, prepared by more than one Actuary, where the Insurer undertakes different Classes of Business, provided that each Actuary is appropriately qualified for the Classes of Business on which he reports. Similarly, an Insurer may appoint different Actuaries, each appropriately qualified, to provide reports in respect of Insurance Business conducted in or in respect of different geographical locations, for example ADGM Insurance Business and other Insurance Business.

7.5.2 An Insurer must notify the Regulator in writing of the name, professional qualifications and relevant experience of each person that the Insurer proposes to appoint to provide an actuarial report under this Chapter.

36

PIN VER07.290725

7.5.3 The Regulator may, if it does not believe that the Actuary proposed by the Insurer possesses the qualifications set out in Rule 7.5.1, notify the Insurer in writing that another Actuary must be appointed.

7.5.4 An Insurer must notify the Regulator immediately on the termination or resignation of its

Actuary, giving the reasons for such termination or resignation.

37

PIN VER07.290725

8

CONSOLIDATED SUPERVISION

8.1

Introduction

8.1.1 This Chapter applies to all Insurers, except for Rule 8.5.1 which applies only to ADGM

Incorporated Insurers.

Guidance

1.

Group membership may be a source of both strength and weakness to an Insurer. The purpose of Group Risk requirements is to ensure that an Insurer takes proper account of the risks related to the Insurer's membership of a Group. The Group Risk requirements form a key part of the Regulator's overall approach to prudential supervision.

2.

An Insurer is subject to separate reporting requirements in respect of changes in its Controllers. Those requirements are set out in GEN 8.8. It may also be required to provide reports in respect of any Close Links it possesses.

8.1.2

(1)

If an Insurer is a member of a Financial Group and the Regulator considers it necessary to extend the scope of the Financial Group to include entities outside of the Financial Group to ensure appropriate Financial Group supervision, an Insurer must also include in the scope of the Financial Group any entity the Regulator may direct the Insurer in writing to include.

(2)

An Insurer may, for the purposes of this section, exclude from its Financial Group, any entity the inclusion of which would be misleading or inappropriate for the purposes of Financial Group supervision, provided the Insurer has obtained the Regulator's prior written approval to do so.

(3)

An Insurer must provide to the Reg