 and shall be subject to such terms or conditions as the Regulator may specify in its notice giving permission. Where any terms and conditions are imposed on the Insurer, the Insurer shall comply with such terms and conditions.

9

PIN VER07.290725

(4)

The Regulator may on its own initiative at any time vary or revoke permission given under (3) above. Variation or revocation shall be communicated to the Insurer in writing.

(5)

If the Regulator decides to exercise its power under this Rule not to give permission or to impose conditions or restrictions or to vary or revoke permission, the Insurer may refer the matter to the Appeals Panel for review.

Guidance

1.

The features described in Rule 3.6.1(1) have the potential to expose an Insurer to risks that are not adequately provided for in the capital adequacy and solvency framework set out in this Rulebook. The Regulator retains the power to prohibit or limit the inclusion of such features in a Long-Term Insurance contract where it is of the view that the inclusion of such features may have a materially adverse impact upon the long term viability of the Insurer. It is natural for Insurers to seek to stimulate a market by offering features such as guarantees or options. However, the solvency of Insurers could be threatened if they have not adequately valued, stress-tested and set aside adequate capital to service such features. Therefore, the Regulator will expect Insurers seeking permission to write contracts with such features to demonstrate that these steps have been undertaken, and that their procedures provide adequately for ongoing monitoring of the associated risks. Permission to undertake such business may be subject to conditions, for example, a requirement to maintain additional capital, or to restrict business of this nature to a specific proportion of its total business. The Regulator may also as a condition of granting permission require additional information relating to the business in question to be reported to the Regulator in the Insurer's periodic Regulatory Returns, or in the Actuary's report referred to in Rule 7.3.4.

10

PIN VER07.290725

4

CAPITAL ADEQUACY

4.1

Introduction

4.1.1 This Chapter applies to all Insurers.

Guidance

1.

The amount of capital is fundamental to the financial health of any insurer and therefore to the protection of its policyholders. All Insurers are therefore required to maintain a minimum level of capital resources in accordance with this Chapter.

2.

This Chapter establishes the required minimum levels of capital resources applicable to Insurers of different types. Rule 4.2 is applicable to all Insurers, wherever they are. Rule 4.3 establishes the Minimum Capital Requirements in respect of Insurers other than Cell Companies, and Rule 4.4 establishes equivalent requirements in respect of Cell Companies. Additional rules in respect of Insurers maintaining Long-Term Insurance Funds and Insurers that are not ADGM Incorporated Insurers are contained in Rules 4.5 and 4.6 respectively.

they are

incorporated and of whatever

type

3.

The Regulator has the power under FSMR to act if it believes that any requirement of this Chapter is breached, or may be breached in the future.

4.1.2 For the purposes of this Chapter, assets and liabilities must be valued in accordance with

Chapter 5.

4.1.3

In this Chapter and in the appendices referred to in this Chapter, references to ratings are made according to the rating hierarchy (AAA, AA, etc) of Standard & Poor's. Where, for the purposes of a provision of this Chapter or of an appendix, an Insurer uses ratings from a Rating Agency other than Standard & Poor's, the Insurer must apply that provision as though the Standard & Poor's rating referred to in the provision were replaced by the rating from that other Rating Agency that is equivalent to the Standard & Poor's rating.

4.1.4 An Insurer must not, for the purposes of this Chapter or the appendices referred to in this Chapter, use ratings provided by any Rating Agency except those approved/registered by the Regulator or by the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority (ESCA) or by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) or by an equivalent financial services regulator accepted as such by ADGM.

4.2

Basic requirement

4.2.1 This