 to in the provision were replaced by the rating from that other Rating Agency that is equivalent to the Standard & Poor's rating.

4.1.4 An Insurer must not, for the purposes of this Chapter or the appendices referred to in this Chapter, use ratings provided by any Rating Agency except those approved/registered by the Regulator or by the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority (ESCA) or by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) or by an equivalent financial services regulator accepted as such by ADGM.

4.2

Basic requirement

4.2.1 This section applies to all Insurers.

4.2.2 An Insurer must always have capital resources that are, in the opinion of its directors formed on reasonable assumptions, adequate for the conduct of its business, taking into consideration the size of the Insurer and the nature, mix and complexity of the risks it underwrites in its business.

11

PIN VER07.290725

Guidance

1.

Insurance contracts, Where an Rule 4.2.2 implies that the Insurer must also be able to fund and service the claims and obligations arising out of its Long-Term Insurance Business in a manner which is sustainable over the long term.

Insurer effects Direct

Long-Term

2.

To be able to demonstrate to the Regulator that the Insurer complies with Rule 4.2.2 on an on-going basis, the Regulator expects the Insurer to develop internal capital models to support the self-assessment of capital adequacy. Those internal capital models should include mechanisms to estimate in a realistic manner the impact on the Insurer's capital position of possible scenarios relevant to the Insurer's business. The results of scenario testing should be communicated to the appropriate levels of management within the Insurer. Insurers should be able to demonstrate to the Regulator that the Insurer has adequate capital resources to withstand external and internal shocks to which they may plausibly be exposed.

3.

Compliance with quantitative capital requirements set out in the PIN Rulebook is not sufficient to ensure compliance with Rule 4.2.2. Without limiting the generality of Rule 4.2.2, an Insurer that effects Direct Long-Term Insurance contracts must ensure that:

a.

premiums it charges for any Direct Long-Term Insurance contracts it effects are sufficient at that time for the formation of technical provisions relating to future Policy Benefits in accordance with the terms of the contract and applicable valuation rules; and

b.

each Long-Term Insurance Fund to which Direct Long-Term Insurance contracts are attributed holds at all times Invested Assets of appropriate safety, yield and marketability adequate to provide the future Policy Benefits under those contracts that are attributed to the Fund.

For the purposes of (1)(b), assets of the type described in Rule A3.4.3 must be excluded.

4.

Guidance point 3 to Rule 4.2.2 applies at the time that a contract is effected. Circumstances may arise in which premiums charged for a particular policy or for a group of policies or for an entire business portfolio may subsequently prove to be inadequate due to variations in interest rates, for example. However, such inadequacies during the lift of the policy would not amount to a breach of Rule 4.2.3(1).

5.

An Insurer should be able to demonstrate that its procedures allow for prior assessment and periodic review of premium adequacy of Direct Long-Term Insurance contracts that it writes. The assessment will consider the adequacy of premiums taking into account projected revenues and expenses in respect of the relevant contracts, in relevant likely parameters or due to any discretionary features. In making this assessment,

including the

impact of variations

12

PIN VER07.290725

credit should not be taken for the impact of voluntary discontinuance (lapse, surrender of or making the contract paid-up) by the policyholder. The Regulator does not consider it appropriate for the projected profitability of Direct Long-Term Insurance contracts to be dependent on 'lapse support'.

6.

Rule 0(1)(a) generally prevents an Insurer from writing 'loss leader' Direct Long-Term Insurance products. An Insurer that wishes to conduct business on a loss-leader basis would need to apply for an appropriate waiver. Such an Insurer would need to demonstrate that its resources are adequate to cover an appropriate level of technical provisions in