.

An Insurer should have regard to the need for adequate risk management systems at the level of any Group the Insurer is a member of (subject to exemptions for Groups that are intermediate Groups or Groups that are headed by Insurers, in which case the holding company is already subject to the risk management requirements in its own right). The Insurer bears a responsibility to take reasonable actions to ensure that the Group as a whole complies with the risk management requirements of the Rules. Although an Insurer may not be in a position to control the risk management systems of the Group, Group risk management systems are likely to have a material impact on the exposure of the Insurer to risks arising from its membership of the Group.

8.

Further considerations in respect of Group risk generally are contained in Rule A2.5.

9.

The Rules do not prohibit an Insurer from outsourcing its risk management systems. Where the Insurer is a member of a Group, it may be practicable for some processes to be performed on a Group-wide basis. An Insurer would not normally outsource risk management systems outside the Group. However the Insurer remains responsible under the Rules for the adequacy of its risk management systems, whether or not those processes are outsourced. Senior management cannot delegate their regulatory responsibility for ensuring that the Insurer's risk management systems are adequate. The fact that a system is

57

PIN VER07.290725

partially or wholly outsourced would be a factor in the Insurer's assessment of whether the system was adequate. To decide whether any system is adequate, senior management would be expected to have assessed the design and operation of the system, including the design and the operations of controls over outsourcing decisions and monitoring. Because an Insurer must be in a position to demonstrate that it has complied with its regulatory requirements, adequate documentary evidence of these assessments should be maintained.

10.

Further considerations in respect of outsourcing generally are contained in A2.13.

A2.4 Control mechanisms

Guidance

1.

An Insurer should have appropriate control mechanisms in place to ensure that the policies and procedures established for risk management are adhered to at all times.

2.

Control mechanisms would normally include:

a.

clearly defined management responsibilities;

b.

adequate segregation of duties;

c.

a risk committee or audit function to establish and maintain the control processes;

d.

a system of approvals, limits, authorisations and reporting lines;

e.

policies to document the Insurer's procedural controls;

f.

activity controls for each division or department;

g.

verifications of activities such as underwriting, pricing and claims management, and reconciliations of relevant data;

h.

reviews by Governing Body, senior management and internal audit; and

i.

physical controls.

3.

The directors should monitor the overall effectiveness of the Insurer's risk management systems. Depending on the size and complexity of operations of an Insurer, risk management systems may be monitored on an ongoing or periodic basis. At a minimum there should be periodic internal audits with results being reported directly to the Governing Body and senior management.

4.

Where deficiencies are identified as part of the monitoring process or internal audit, these should be reported in a timely manner to the responsible member of the management or appropriate management body and addressed. Material deficiencies should be reported to the Governing Body and senior management.

58

PIN VER07.290725

A material deficiency can result not only from a single deficiency, but also from a number of small deficiencies that, when considered together, amount to a material deficiency.

A2.5 Reserving risk

Guidance

1.

Reserving risk is the risk that Insurance Liabilities recorded by the Insurer, net of reinsurance and other recoveries in respect of those liabilities, will be inadequate to meet the net amount payable when the Insurance Liabilities crystallise. Insurance Liabilities include the liability for claims incurred up to the reporting date, as well as the Premium Liability. In the case of General Insurance, reinsurance recoveries anticipated in respect of those liabilities are generally recognised as a separate asset. In the case of Long-Term Insurance, Insurance Liabilities include also the net value of future Policy Benefits and the effects of reinsurance arrangements are taken into account when these are estimated.

2.

An Insurer's risk management system should therefore include a process for ongoing review and appraisal of the Insurance Liability valuation framework (i.e. assumptions made, reinsurance recoveries estimated etc