 amount of any goodwill, patents, service rights, brands and any other intangible items;

(g)

the amount of any Zakah or charity fund of a Takaful Insurer, maintained within the Long-Term Insurance Fund;

(h)

the amount of any operating assets, including inventories, plant and equipment, and vehicles; and

(i)

the amount of any assets that may not be applied to meet Insurance Liabilities attributable to the Long-Term Insurance Fund (for example, assets that are subject to fixed or floating charges, mortgages or other security).

A7.5 Fund hybrid capital adjustment

Guidance

1.

This section acts to limit hybrid capital to 15% of the adjusted fund equity in respect of a fund.

2.

The purpose of the fund hybrid capital adjustment is to limit the extent to which an Insurer may rely for its Adjusted Fund Capital Resources in respect of any Long-Term Insurance Fund on instruments that do not or may not constitute permanent capital of that fund.

A7.5.1 Fund hybrid capital includes the following items:

(a)

subordinated debt attributable to the fund; and

(b)

Owners' Equity in a Takaful Insurer of the type described in Rule A7.3.4.

A7.5.2 Subject to Rule A7.5.3, an Insurer must calculate its fund hybrid capital adjustment as the amount by which the total amount of hybrid capital exceeds 15% of adjusted fund equity.

A7.5.3 The Regulator may at its discretion permit an Insurer to apply Rule A7.5.2 as though the figure of 15% was replaced with a higher figure approved in writing by the Regulator. The approved figure may not be more than the actual percentage which the fund hybrid capital represents of adjusted fund equity, and may not in any case exceed 30%.

113

PIN VER07.290725

APP8 CALCULATION OF MINIMUM FUND CAPITAL REQUIREMENT

A8.1 Purpose and general provisions

A8.1.1 This appendix applies to all Insurers to which Rule 4.5 applies.

Guidance

1.

This appendix sets out the manner in which an Insurer that conducts Long-Term Insurance Business through a Long-Term Insurance Fund is required to calculate the Minimum Fund Capital Requirement in respect of each Long-Term Insurance Fund.

2.

The Minimum Fund Capital Requirement is calculated on a basis that is analogous to the basis of calculation of the Minimum Capital Requirement for Insurers other than Cell Companies, as set out in APP4.

3.

The effect therefore is as though each Long-Term Insurance Fund maintained by an Insurer were itself an Insurer that had to calculate a Minimum Capital Requirement Consequently, this appendix incorporates references to the provisions of APP4.

in accordance with APP4.

A8.2 Minimum Fund Capital Requirement

A8.2.1 Subject to Rule A8.2.3, an Insurer must calculate the Minimum Fund Capital Requirement in respect of each Long-Term Insurance Fund maintained by it, according to the formula:

MFCR = DRC + IVRC + OARC + OLRC + CRC + SFAC + LIRC + AMRC

where:

Term

Definition

MFCR

Minimum Fund Capital Requirement in respect of the fund;

DRC

Default risk component in respect of that fund;

IVRC

Investment volatility risk component in respect of the fund;

OARC

Off-balance sheet asset risk component in respect of the fund;

OLRC

Off-balance sheet liability risk component in respect of the fund;

CRC

Concentration risk component in respect of the fund;

SFAC

Size Factor Adjustment Component in respect of the fund;

LIRC

Long-Term Insurance risk component in respect of the fund; and

114

PIN VER07.290725

Term

Definition

AMRC

Asset management risk component in respect of the fund.

A8.2.2 The methods of calculation of the components referred to in Rule A8.2.1 are set out in

Rules A8.4, A8.5, A8.6, A8.7, A8.8, A8.9, A8.10 and A8.11.

A8.2.3 The Minimum Fund Capital Requirement in respect of a Long-Term Insurance Fund must

always be equal to or higher than $5,000,