 to such business;

(d)

in the case of Class IV, the higher of:

(i)

18% of Gross Written Premium, reducing to 16% for the amount of Gross Written Premium in excess of $50 million, and subject to a maximum reduction for reinsurance of 50%; and

(ii)

26% of the average gross claims incurred over the three preceding financial years, reducing to 23% for the amount of that average in excess of $35 million, and subject to a maximum reduction for reinsurance of 50%; and

(e)

in the case of Class V, 1% of the assets of the tontine.

A4.13 Asset management risk component

Guidance

This section requires an Insurer to set aside capital in respect of assets that it manages. The circumstances under which an Insurer may conduct asset management activities are restricted by COBS.

A4.13.1 An Insurer must calculate its asset management risk component as 0.5% of the market

value of assets managed by it.

A4.13.2 Assets that are recognised as assets of the Insurer in accordance with generally

accepted accounting principles are not assets managed by it.

94

PIN VER07.290725

APP5 CALCULATION OF ADJUSTED NON-CELLULAR CAPITAL RESOURCES AND ADJUSTED

CELLULAR CAPITAL RESOURCES

A5.1 Purpose and general provisions

A5.1.1 This appendix applies to all Insurers to which Rule 4.4 applies.

Guidance

1.

This appendix sets out the manner in which an Insurer that is a Cell Company is required to calculate its Adjusted Non-Cellular Capital Resources and the Adjusted Cellular Capital Resources applicable to each Cell. The calculation is in each case analogous to that applicable to Insurers that are not Cell Companies, so that (except where changes are necessary to reflect structural differences) the capital of each Cell, and of the non-cellular portion of the Insurer, is determined as though it was an Insurer subject to APP3.

2.

The Adjusted Non-Cellular Capital Resources and Adjusted Cellular Capital Resources are calculated by making adjustments to the non-cellular equity of the Insurer or cellular equity of the Cell, as at the Solvency Reference Date.

3.

Provisions in respect of adjusted non-cellular capital resources are set out in Rules A5.2 to A5.5. Provisions in respect of adjusted cellular capital resources are set out in Rules A5.6 to A5.10.

A5.2 Adjusted Non-Cellular Capital Resources

A5.2.1 An Insurer must calculate its Adjusted Non-Cellular Capital Resources according to the

formula:

ANCR = ANE – HNCA

where:

ANCR means the Insurer's Adjusted Non-Cellular Capital Resources;

ANE means the Insurer's adjusted non-cellular equity; and

HNCA means the Insurer's hybrid non-cellular capital adjustment.

A5.2.2 Adjusted non-cellular equity is calculated as set out in Rule A5.4. The hybrid non-cellular

capital adjustment is set out in Rule A5.5

A5.3 Base non-cellular capital

Guidance

The commencement point for calculating an Insurer's adjusted non-cellular equity is the Insurer's base non-cellular capital.

95

PIN VER07.290725

A5.3.1 Subject to Rules A5.5.2 and A5.5.3, an Insurer's base non-cellular capital consists of the

following capital instruments and equity reserves of the Insurer:

(a)

paid-up ordinary shares, except for shares referred to in Rule A5.5.1(c);

(b)

general reserves;

(c)

retained earnings;

(d)

current year's earnings after tax; and

(e)

hybrid non-cellular capital (as defined in Rule A5.5.1).

A5.3.2 All Cell Share Capital and any capital instruments or equity reserves of the Insurer that

are attributable to a Cell must be excluded from base non-cellular capital.

A5.3.3 Hybrid non-cellular capital having a term to maturity of less than five years may only be included in base non-cellular capital with the written consent of the Regulator.

A5.4 Adjusted non-cell