 that the transaction is at arms-length and does not adversely affect the interests of policyholders. The transactions to be considered are:

(a)

a sale, purchase, exchange, loan or extension of credit, guarantee or investment where the counterparty is a Person Related to the Insurer and the amount of the transaction equals or exceeds 3% of the Insurer's surplus as at the end of the financial year immediately preceding the transaction;

(b)

a loan or extension of credit to any Person who is not Related to the Insurer, where the Insurer makes the loan or extension of credit with the agreement or understanding that the proceeds of the transaction, in whole or in substantial part, are to be used to make loans or extensions of credit to purchase assets of, or to make investments in, any Related party of the Insurer, where the amount of the transaction equals or exceeds 3% of the Insurer's surplus as at the end of the reporting period immediately preceding the transaction;

(c)

a reinsurance agreement or modification to a reinsurance agreement in which the reinsurance premium or a change in the Insurer's liabilities equals or exceeds 5% of the Insurer's surplus;

(d)

a reinsurance agreement or modification to a reinsurance agreement involving the transfer of assets from an Insurer to a Person not Related to the Insurer, if an agreement or understanding exists between the Insurer and that Person that any portion of the assets will be transferred to one or more other Persons Related to the Insurer and the reinsurance premium or a change in the Insurer's liabilities equals or exceeds 5% of the Insurer's surplus; and

(e)

any management agreement, service contract or cost-sharing arrangement.

(2)

For the purposes of (1), “surplus” means:

(a)

in the case of an Insurer that is not a Cell Company, the Insurer's Adjusted Capital Resources; and

(b)

in the case of an Insurer that is a Cell Company, the Insurer's Adjusted Cellular Capital Resources in respect of the Cell to which the transaction relates, where the transaction relates to a Cell, and otherwise the Insurer's Adjusted Non-Cellular Capital Resources.

43

PIN VER07.290725

8.5.2 An Insurer must report to the Regulator all dividends and other distributions to shareholders within twenty-one days following the declaration of the dividend or distribution.

8.5.3 An Insurer that is a Takaful Insurer must report to the Regulator all distributions of profit or surplus (however called or described) to policyholders within twenty-one days of the date of declaration of the distribution.

8.5.4 An Insurer must notify the Regulator in writing within thirty days if the Insurer makes an investment in a body corporate to which it is Related, if the total investment in the Related body corporate by the Insurer and other bodies corporate to which the Insurer is Related exceeds 10% of the body corporate's paid-up capital or voting rights.

44

PIN VER07.290725

9

INSURERS IN RUN-OFF

9.1

Introduction

9.1.1 Subject to Rule 9.1.2, this Chapter applies to all Insurers.

9.1.2

In the case of an Insurer that is not an ADGM Incorporated Insurer, this Chapter applies only in respect of an Insurance Business carried on by the Insurer through an establishment in ADGM.

Guidance

1.

This Chapter sets out prudential provisions applying to Insurers that cease to carry on Insurance Business, either wholly or in respect of a particular Class of Business. The provisions are also applicable to Cells and Long-Term Insurance Funds of Insurers, but do not (because of the effect of Rule 9.1.2) apply to non-ADGM Insurance Business of Insurers that are not ADGM Incorporated Insurers.

2.

Rules 9.2 and 9.3 set out actions that an Insurer is required to take when it decides to cease to effect or carry out Contracts of Insurance. Rules 9.4, 9.5 and 9.6 give the Regulator specific powers relating to the supervision of such Insurers.

9.1.3 For the purposes of this Chapter, in determining whether an Insurer is effecting Contracts of Insurance, or has ceased effecting Contracts of Insurance,