 case of an Insurer to which (c) and (d) both apply, the amount set out in (d).

Guidance

Rule 9.4.5 describes the maximum amount of assets that the Regulator may require to be made available as collateral. The Rule includes provisions to avoid imposing multiple collateral requirements on the same Insurer in respect of the same Insurance Business in run-off.

9.4.6 The assets referred to in Rule 9.4.2 must be made available in one of the following

two manners or in a combination of those two manners:

(a)

assets of a type described in Rule 4.6.3 may be deposited with a custodian nominated or approved in writing by the Regulator; or

49

PIN VER07.290725

(b)

a Financial Institution nominated or approved in writing by the Regulator may issue a confirmed letter of credit in favour of the Regulator, for the amount of the assets required to be made available.

9.4.7 The terms and conditions of a custody arrangement referred to in Rule 9.4.6(a) or a letter of credit referred to in Rule 9.4.6(b) and any change to those terms and conditions, must be notified to the Regulator, which may within two months of such notification require the Insurer to make any change to the terms and conditions of the arrangement or letter of credit.

Guidance

The terms and conditions of an arrangement or letter of credit will normally be expected to include provisions having the following effect:

a.

the arrangement or letter of credit is not revocable or cancellable at the option of the Insurer, and contains no provision for automatic cancellation on the insolvency of the Insurer;

b.

the Regulator has the right to apply assets deposited, or to draw upon the letter of credit, for the purpose of meeting Insurance Liabilities of the Insurer and any expenses incidental to that activity;

c.

in the case of a custody arrangement, the Insurer is prohibited from applying, directly or indirectly, the assets deposited, except in the following manners:

i.

in settlement of Insurance Liabilities of the Insurer that are in respect of the Insurance Business that is in run-off;

ii.

in exchange for fair value, for other assets of a type described in Rule 4.6.3 and deposited with the same custodian under the same conditions;

iii.

in consideration for the transfer to another Insurer of Insurance Liabilities of the Insurer that are in respect of the Insurance Business that is, or has been placed into, run-off;

iv.

withdrawal from the custody of the custodian for deposit with a different custodian approved by the Regulator;

v.

withdrawal from the custody of the custodian in accordance with Rule 9.4.12; or

vi.

withdrawal from the custody of the custodian in accordance with a written notice issued by the Regulator revoking or varying the collateral notice; and

50

PIN VER07.290725

d.

in the case of a letter of credit, the amount of the letter of credit may be reduced only:

i.

in order to achieve, in accordance with Rule 9.4.12 a reduction in the amount of assets made available by the Insurer; or

ii.

in accordance with a written notice issued by the Regulator revoking or varying the collateral notice.

9.4.8 The Regulator may, by written notice to an Insurer, require the Insurer to charge in favour of the Regulator part or all of any assets deposited with a custodian in accordance with Rule 9.4.6(a).

9.4.9 The Insurer must reassess, as at the end of each quarter in each calendar year, the amount of the assets that the Insurer is required by a collateral notice to make available, and the amount of assets made available by the Insurer.

9.4.10 The Insurer must report to the Regulator, within two months of the date as at which the reassessment referred to in Rule 9.4.9 is performed, the results of that reassessment and details of any action taken or proposed to be taken as a result of that assessment.

9.4.11 If the reassessment referred to in Rule 9.4.9 shows that the amount of assets made available is less than the amount that