 to require an Insurer to set aside capital to address the risk that the net present value of future Policy Benefits will vary from the amounts recorded as Long-Term Insurance Liabilities in the Insurer's balance sheet.

2.

The calculation model set out in Rule A4.12.1 deals separately with Direct Long-Term Insurance Business, with proportional and non-proportional reinsurance of Long-Term Insurance Business, and with finite risk reinsurance of Long-Term Insurance Business.

3.

To determine the amount for proportional reinsurance business, the calculation model applies ratios to the Insurer's premium, to its liability and to the capital at risk in respect of such business. To determine the amount for non-proportional reinsurance, a ratio is applied to the Insurer's non-proportional reinsurance premium. To determine the amount for finite risk reinsurance, ratios are applied to the balance outstanding on contracts, depending on the rating of the Insurer and the term to completion. To determine the amount for Direct Long-Term Insurance Business, the calculation model applies ratios to the Insurer's liability and to its capital at risk in respect of such business. Additional or alternative charges are made in respect of particular Classes of Business.

A4.12.1 An Insurer must calculate its Long-Term Insurance risk component as the sum of the proportional reinsurance element determined in accordance with Rule A4.12.3, the non-proportional reinsurance element determined in accordance with Rule A4.12.4, the finite risk reinsurance element determined in accordance with Rule A4.12.5 and the Direct Long-Term Insurance element determined in accordance with Rule A4.12.8.

91

PIN VER07.290725

A4.12.2 In Rules A4.12.3, A4.12.4 and A4.12.8:

(a)

contracts of finite risk reinsurance must be excluded from the calculation of the proportional reinsurance element and the non-proportional reinsurance element;

(b)

'provisions in respect of Long-Term Insurance Business' means the amount of Long-Term Insurance Liability in respect of the contracts concerned, except that the amount may not be less than 85% of the liability determined without taking reinsurance into account; and

(c)

'capital at risk' means the aggregate amount of sums assured on contracts of Long-Term Insurance issued by an Insurer, minus the aggregate amount of provisions in respect of those contracts. Where the contract is an annuity, the sum assured must be taken to be the present value of the annuity payments. The capital at risk must be determined separately for each contract, and where the capital at risk calculated for a contract is less than zero, the capital at risk for that contract must be taken as zero.

A4.12.3 The proportional reinsurance element is calculated as the sum of the following six amounts, so far only as they relate to proportional reinsurance business of the Insurer:

(a)

2% of the amount of the Insurer's Net Written Premium;

(b)

3% of the amount of provisions in respect of Long-Term Insurance Business that is annuity and pensions business and is not Investment-Linked Insurance;

(c)

1.25% of the amount of provisions in respect of Long-Term Insurance Business that is Investment-Linked Insurance, where the contracts are subject to a capital guarantee;

(d)

0.5% of the amount of provisions in respect of Long-Term Insurance Business that is Investment-Linked Insurance, where the contracts are not subject to a capital guarantee;

(e)

0.5% of the amount of provisions in respect of Long-Term Insurance Business other than business described in Rules (b), (c), and (d); and

(f)

the amount obtained by applying to the aggregate amount of capital at risk in respect of Long-Term Insurance contracts the formulae set out in the following table:

Amount of capital at risk expressed in dollars

Formula to determine the amount referred to in Rule (5)

(a)

less than $500 million

0.20% of the amount of capital at risk

92

PIN VER07.290725

Amount of capital at risk expressed in dollars

Formula to determine the amount referred to in Rule (5)

(b) over $500 million up to

$5 billion

0.13% of the amount of capital at risk, plus $350,