 General Insurance Liabilities referred to in Rule 4.6.2(b), where the reinsurer is Rated 'BBB' or better.

4.6.4 An Insurer subject to this section must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Regulator compliance with Rule 4.6.2, when the Regulator makes a written request to do so.

in

15

PIN VER07.290725

4.7

Failure to comply

4.7.1 An Insurer that becomes aware that it does not comply with the requirements in this

Chapter:

(a)

must immediately notify the Regulator in writing;

(b)

must not effect any Contracts of Insurance until the Regulator has given it written permission to recommence business; and

(c)

must not make any distribution of profits or surplus however called or described, or return of capital, without the written permission of the Regulator.

4.7.2 An Insurer that believes that it may not be in compliance with this Chapter or may not continue to comply with this Chapter in the future must immediately provide the Regulator with a written statement of:

(a)

the reasons for the Insurer's belief that it may not be in compliance or may not continue to comply; and

(b)

any remedial action that the Insurer is taking to avoid noncompliance.

4.7.3 An Insurer to which Rule 4.7.2 applies must not make any distribution of profits or surplus, however called or described, or return of capital without the written permission of the Regulator.

4.8

Limitations on distributions by Insurers

4.8.1 No Insurer may make any distribution of profits or surplus, however called or described, or return of capital if such distribution or return would cause the Insurer to fail to comply with any provision of this Chapter.

16

PIN VER07.290725

5

MEASUREMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES OF INSURERS

5.1

General provisions

5.1.1 This Chapter establishes a set of principles for the consistent measurement of the assets and liabilities of Insurers for the purposes of reporting under Chapter 6 and for determining compliance with Chapter 4.

Guidance

This Chapter is not intended to establish a basis of accounting for general purpose financial statements of Insurers. This Chapter does not prevent Insurers from adopting measurements of assets and liabilities that might be considered excessively prudent if adopted in the Insurer's general purpose financial statements. Insurers are not however expected to mislead the Regulator as to the financial position or financial performance of the Insurer.

5.1.2 Subject to Rules 5.1.3, 5.1.4, 5.1.5 and 5.1.6, an Insurer must recognise and measure its assets and liabilities in accordance with so many of Rules 5.3, 5.4, 5.5 and 5.6 as may apply to the Insurer.

5.1.3 An Insurer may measure the value of an asset at less than the value determined in

accordance with this Chapter.

5.1.4 An Insurer may measure the value of a liability at more than the value determined in

accordance with this Chapter.

5.1.5 An Insurer may use approximate methods to measure an asset or a liability, where the result obtained by the use of that approximate method would not be materially different from the result obtained by applying a measurement method prescribed in this Chapter.

5.1.6 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Chapter, the Regulator may, by written notice, direct an Insurer to measure an asset or a liability in accordance with principles specified by the Regulator in that written notice.

5.2

Classification of insurance business

5.2.1 An Insurer must, in its own records, classify all Contracts of Insurance effected by it as Insurer and all reinsurance contracts entered into by it as cedant, according to the Class of Business to which the contracts relate.

5.2.2 Where a contract relates to more than one Class of Business, the Insurer must record separately the portions of the contract that relate to each Class of Business, except that immaterial portions need not be separately recorded.

Guidance

1.

The Classes of Business are set out in Part 4 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

