);



MIR Rule 4.6 (stress testing);



MIR Rule 4.7 (risk management);



MIR Rule 4.10 (collateral management and margin); and



MIR Rule 4.12 (segregation and portability of Client Assets).

13 Whether at the point of In-Principle Approval or at the time of Final Approval. 14 DvP is considered to be the irrevocable and unconditional transfer of an asset of an asset (including an Accepted Spot Commodity) or Financial Instrument, or the discharge of obligations arising under the underlying contract by the parties to the contract (as per the definition contained in MIR Rule 4.11.3).

20

VER02.181223

SPECIFIC FSRA GUIDANCE ON THE SPOT COMMODITIES FRAMEWORK

Sustainability

95) Under the 2019 Sustainable Finance Agenda, ADGM outlined its commitment to develop a more sustainable financial system, through encouraging sustainable financial products and integrating sustainability considerations into regulations, governance and risk management. The FSRA’s Spot Commodities Framework, therefore, intends to ensure that participants can operate in markets that have suitable minimum standards for responsible and sustainable sourcing and supply, including adherence to internationally recognised certification standards. Consumers, participants and investors benefit by the introduction of greater transparency, resilience and integrity into commodity markets.

96) Examples of Spot Commodity sourcing and supply practices that the Spot Commodities Framework intends to promote (by way of COBS Rules 22.2.2(a) and 22.2.3) include greater transparency to aid collective ethical responsibility and facilitating solutions which address sustainability from multiple perspectives, as well as providing greater choice for market participants.

97) Examples of Spot Commodity sourcing and trading practices that the Spot Commodities Framework intends to restrict include the use of mandatory labour and conflict minerals, as well as eliminating opaque supply chains that prohibit cohesive approaches to sustainable production (by way of COBS Rule 22.3). Substance requirements of Authorised Persons

98)

In order to operate effectively as an Authorised Person within ADGM, an Authorised Person conducting a Regulated Activity in relation to Accepted Spot Commodities must commit resources of a nature allowing it to be operating in substance within ADGM. Depending on the relevant Regulated Activities being undertaken, the FSRA expects to see substantive resources committed within ADGM across all line of the Authorised Person’s activities, including, but not limited to, commercial, governance, compliance, market surveillance, operations, technical, IT, finance and HR functions. The FSRA expects the ‘mind and management’ of an Authorised Person to be located within ADGM.

Dealing in Accepted Spot Commodities

99) Authorised Persons intending to operate solely as a broker or dealer for Clients (including the operation of an OTC broking or dealing desk) are not permitted to structure their broking/dealing service or platform in such a way that would have it be considered as operating an MTF/OTF using Spot Commodities. The FSRA would consider features such as allowing for price discovery, displaying a public trading order book (accessible to any member of the public, regardless of whether they are Clients), and allowing trades to automatically be matched using an exchange-type matching engine as characteristic of an MTF/OTF using Spot Commodities, and not activities acceptable for an intermediary-type Authorised Person to undertake. Insurance

100) Pursuant to COBS Rule 22.8.4, the FSRA requires that an Authorised Person Providing Custody in relation to Accepted Spot Commodities to maintain insurance in relation to the physical activities that are carried out in relation to Spot Commodities. As part of the Authorisation process, the FSRA will consider these insurance arrangements, including

21

VER02.181223

with regard to, but not excluding further requirements, theft, fraud, natural disasters and default.

Third party audit obligations

101) Authorised Persons should have independent third party verification or checks carried out at an appropriate amount of time to verify that the due diligence requirements for Accepted Spot Commodities are suitable and robust.

APPLICATION PROCESS

102) The Application process to become an Authorised Person is broadly broken down into five stages, as follows:

a) Due Diligence & Discussions with FSRA team(s);

b)

Submission of Formal Application;

c) Granting of In Principle Approval;

d) Granting of Final Approval; and

e)

‘