 subject to regulatory oversight within the Spot Commodities Framework.

68) Consistent with the treatment of all Authorised Persons (see paragraph 98), the FSRA requires MTFs and OTFs to be based in substance within ADGM.11 In addition to the substantial commitment of resources required, this also means that the FSRA’s regulatory oversight extends to its order book, matching engine, rulebook(s), ensuring fair and orderly markets, settlement, and for the purposes of preventing/monitoring for Market Abuse, amongst the relevant requirements set out in the Market Infrastructure Rules (“MIR”) and Chapter 8 of COBS. In practical terms, this means that for start-up MTFs or OTFs, its entire order book and the functionality of its matching engine will be subject to FSRA oversight. For existing operational of Spot Commodity platforms that already have their order book/matching engine outside ADGM prior to making an application, a determination of which parts (if not all) of its order book (and how its matching engine) will come under FSRA regulatory oversight needs to be made by the Applicant,12 to allow it to apply to become authorised.

Market Abuse / Market Surveillance

70) MTFs are required to operate an effective market surveillance program to identify, monitor, detect and prevent conduct amounting to market misconduct and/or Financial Crime. Given the significant risks within Spot Commodity markets, an MTF’s or OTF’s surveillance system will need to be robust, and regularly reviewed and enhanced. Public disclosure

71) Any arrangements of an MTF or OTF used to make information public (including trading information required to be disclosed under MIR Rules 3.5 and 3.6) must satisfy a number

11 Substance requirements would clearly apply to any RIE/RCH operating within ADGM (in order for the RIE/RCH to meet its Recognition Requirements). 12 In situations where an entity establishes an Authorised Person that routes orders of Accepted Spot Commodities to a trading venue outside ADGM (even as part of a Group that may be operating globally) instead of having orders matched within a trading venues’ order book within ADGM, that entity cannot obtain an RIE/MTF/OTF license within ADGM and can only be licensed as an intermediary-type Authorised Person within ADGM.

16

VER02.181223

of conditions, including that it is reliable, monitored continuously, and made available to the public on a non-discriminatory basis. While an MTF or OTF can choose the format structure to be used for dissemination, MIR Rule 3.7.4 requires it to conform to a consistent and structured format.

72)

In terms of the timing of disclosure of MTF/OTF trading information, the FSRA recognises that current Spot Commodity industry practice is for such trading information to be released on a discretionary or opaque basis (in alignment with current practice for trading within Spot Commodity markets, but different to the current industry/regulatory practice of delayed data widely seen within Securities/Derivatives markets). The FSRA is not proposing any additional specific requirements at this stage (to those already applicable in COBS Rule 8.3.1 and MIR Rule 3.7), but will continue to monitor industry practice.

Default Rules

73) The details of an MTF’s or OTF’s Membership model will determine the full, or partial, application of MIR Rules 3.10.1 to 3.10.3. The FSRA, at a minimum, expects MTFs or OTFs to have in place both rules and a process to suspend or terminate access to its markets in circumstances where a Member is unable to meet its obligations in respect of transactions relating to Accepted Spot Commodities.

74) The FSRA suggests

that an Applicant/Authorised Person consider different scenarios/circumstances where it may need to utilise the powers provided to it under its Default Rules, and take appropriate action as required. Scenario testing of this kind could relate to when there is a financial and/or technical ‘default’ in relation to, for example, delivery failure, storage failure or wider banking arrangements. Due to the short settlement cycle of Spot Commodity markets, the impact of a ‘default’ may be on a per-transaction basis or structural basis, in limiting the ability of Members to fulfil their delivery obligations (and therefore the ability of the MTF to