 settlement and delivery of the Accepted Spot Commodity(s). An Authorised Person should require the delivery and/or storage facility to make timely disclosure the Authorised Person of any changes in terms of service, particularly if that could have an impact on the market price of an Accepted Spot Commodity. In addition, an Authorised Person should keep the FSRA fully informed as to any issues related to delivery and/or storage related to disputes, defaults, delays, or penalties surrounding the delivery process.

43) The requirements outlined in paragraphs 33 to 42 should be formalised in the rules, policies and procedures of an Authorised Person, as well as in the application for participation in the delivery process, or included with the contract or any other agreement that the delivery and/or storage facility enters into to formally codify the powers over its delivery and/or storage activities and behaviours.

44) From a governance perspective, the delivery and storage of Accepted Spot Commodities is to be appropriately governed and structured in order to avoid or mitigate actual or potential conflicts of interest between delivery and/or storage functions, and any other activities or functions within an Authorised Person, its Group or with relevant third parties. Such governance arrangements may include having a separate team, which does not have other conflicting responsibilities within the Authorised Person (or relevant third party), handling the delivery and storage (or oversight of third parties doing so). This is to include due diligence over applicable requirements for Accepted Spot Commodities, as established in paragraph 25.

45) Where an Authorised Person wishes to outsource part or all delivery and settlement arrangements (including due diligence) to a third party, the Authorised Person is required to perform its due diligence and background checks on the third party, and ensure that the third party meets all the FSRA’s requirements applicable to delivery and settlement arrangements. Such Authorised Persons are required to make full the FSRA regarding such outsourced disclosures arrangements. The Authorised Person retains full responsibility from a regulatory perspective for any issues that may result from such outsourcing, including the failure of any third party to meet its delivery and settlement arrangements (including due diligence). to

46) Noting the requirements set out in COBS Rules 22.4.2 to 22.4.6, an Authorised Person should have in place arrangements to ensure the financial stability, and continued operation, of the delivery and/or storage facility. The FSRA may require upon demand, or on a periodic basis, a statement showing that the delivery and/or storage facility has sufficient regulatory capital, in line with these arrangements.

10

VER02.181223

47) An Authorised Person should consider mandating that the delivery and/or storage facility appoint a suitable person, at an appropriate level, with responsibility for adherence to the applicable rules, policies and procedures established by the Authorised Person.

48) An Authorised Person should be ready at any time to provide information, at the request of the FSRA, demonstrating that the delivery and/or storage facility is complying with the requirements set out in COBS Rules 22.4.2 to 22.4.6.

Custody

49) Due to their psychical nature, Spot Commodities may require specialist Custody arrangements, with the holding of Accepted Spot Commodities introducing additional operational risks. For example, the safekeeping of gold bullion would require a custodian with appropriate secure vault facilities.

50) For clarity, Custody arrangements differ to the services provided by delivery and/or storage facilities, as an Authorised Person that is Providing Custody is responsible for (as set out in COBS, Chapters 14, 15 and 16) arranging proper protection for Clients' Assets (including Accepted Spot Commodities) and Relevant Money. By contrast, delivery and/or storage facilities are used by Authorised Persons (including those Providing Custody) in discharging their responsibilities, but the delivery and/or storage facility itself has no responsibility for safeguarding Accepted Spot Commodities, other than those included in the commercial agreement with the Authorised Person. In assessing whether an Authorised Person that is Providing Custody is able to fully comply with the arrangements of COBS Rule 22.8, the Authorised Person is required to demonstrate that suitable custodial arrangements are in place to securely hold each Accepted Spot Commodity. The Authorised Person should consider appointing third- party experts to test and verify the proposed physical custodial arrangements, including relevant security and controls, to provide the FSRA the