 the legal enforceability of these rules and regulations.

35) When applying COBS Rule 22.4.2(d), an Authorised Person should have independent third party audits carried out at appropriate times, for the inventories and deliveries undertaken at the storage facility, as well as the facilities infrastructure itself. Where necessary, further third-party audits will be required for the obligations of Accepted Spot Commodities, as outlined in paragraph 26 above.

36) COBS Rules 22.4.2(c)(i) and (ii) require a delivery and/or storage facility to adhere, or adopt, appropriate international standards for storage and delivery mechanisms (including with regard to IOSCO’s Good and Sound Practices), as well as with OHSAS 18001 Health & Safety Management (or equivalent certification standards). For the latter, such adherence should also include standards relating to quarantine and bio hazards.

37) When applying COBS Rule 22.4.2(e), an Authorised Person should undertake a full assessment of the risks associated with each proposed storage facility, and will be expected to provide details of appropriate insurance to protect market participants from financial loss resulting from these risks.

38) Pursuant to COBS Rule 22.4.3, an Authorised Person must have arrangements in place for the approval, management, monitoring and control of a storage facility operated by itself or by third parties. In demonstrating compliance with the Rule, an Authorised Person must have powers to resolve any negative circumstances/behaviour in a timely fashion, such as taking emergency action itself or by compelling the delivery and/or storage facility to take appropriate action. The FSRA expects this to include the Authorised Person having the ability to sanction the delivery and/or storage facility for any acts or omissions that compromise market integrity.

39) Pursuant to COBS Rule 22.4.3(e), an Authorised Person should establish that a storage facility must seek approval (and continue to review) storage facility fees, such that they are set in a manner that is fair, transparent and non-discriminatory for all market participants. Where a storage facility offers discounts for the storage of Accepted Spot Commodities, consideration as to whether those discounts are to be made available to all relevant market participants on similar terms is to be undertaken. The FSRA expects that an Authorised Person consider publishing a list of available fees and discounts which are charged by, and available from, its appointed delivery and/or storage facilities.

40) The FSRA recognises that there is a wide range of practices relating to commercial terms by which a Spot Commodity is delivered, as well as post-delivery assessment mechanisms for quality control and settlement adjustments. Accordingly, Authorised Persons will need to submit to the FSRA the details of how each delivery and storage facility that it proposes to use meets the requirements set out in Rule 20.4.4 (a) to (g),

9

VER02.181223

including how they are suitable for the Accepted Spot Commodity, as well as how they are aligned with the generally accepted practices in the market for that Accepted Spot Commodity.

41) When applying COBS Rules 22.4.5 and 22.4.6, an Authorised Person should have arrangements in place to allow Members to fulfil their delivery obligations, or other appropriate measures of resolution and restitution, to ensure the Authorised Person is able to operate on a fair and orderly basis. The FSRA will review these proposed arrangements, which should be such that they are fair, transparent and non- discriminatory for all market participants.

42) Pursuant to COBS Rule 22.4.5, an Authorised Person must have arrangements in place with a delivery and/or storage facility to notify the Authorised Person of any changes which may affect the capability of the delivery and/or storage facility to facilitate properly its role in the settlement and delivery of the Accepted Spot Commodity(s). An Authorised Person should require the delivery and/or storage facility to make timely disclosure the Authorised Person of any changes in terms of service, particularly if that could have an impact on the market price of an Accepted Spot Commodity. In addition, an Authorised Person should keep the FSRA fully informed as to any issues related to delivery and/or storage related to disputes, defaults, delays, or penalties surrounding the delivery process.

43) The requirements outlined in paragraphs 33 to 42 should be formalised in the rules, policies and procedures of