ised Person consider different scenarios/circumstances where it may need to utilise the powers provided to it under its Default Rules, and take appropriate action as required. Scenario testing of this kind could relate to when there is a financial and/or technical ‘default’ in relation to, for example, delivery failure, storage failure or wider banking arrangements. Due to the short settlement cycle of Spot Commodity markets, the impact of a ‘default’ may be on a per-transaction basis or structural basis, in limiting the ability of Members to fulfil their delivery obligations (and therefore the ability of the MTF to operate on a fair and orderly basis).

75) To prepare for the event of a loss/default, the FSRA expects an MTF or OTF to have, clear arrangements for the management of such loss (e.g., what is the exposure of individual Clients, counterparties and itself, as applicable).

RIEs operating an MTF or OTF using Accepted Spot Commodities

76) Pursuant to MIR Rule 3.4.1, an RIE may operate an MTF or OTF, provided that its Recognition Order includes a stipulation permitting it to do so. MIR Rule 3.4.2 requires that where such a stipulation is granted to an RIE, the RIE must meet the requirements of the Spot Commodities Framework in relation to operation of the MTF or OTF (using Spot Commodities) while the remainder of its operations must be operated in compliance with the MIR Rules.

77) This means that an RIE (in addition to operating markets relating to the trading of Financial Instruments) can, where permitted by the FSRA and subject to MIR Rule 3.4.2, operate a separate MTF or OTF under its Recognition Order. This MTF or OTF may operate using Accepted Spot Commodities.

78) Authorised Persons that are operating an MTF or OTF wishing to also operate a RIE will be required to relinquish their FSP upon obtaining a Recognition Order (to operate the RIE). If licensed by the FSRA to carry out both Regulated Activities (e.g., operating an

17

VER02.181223

MTF and operating an RIE), the Recognition Order will include a stipulation to that effect pursuant to MIR Rule 3.4.1.

79)

In interpreting COBS Rule 8.2(c), and given the current lack of global regulation of Spot Commodity intermediaries, MTFs or OTFs are permitted to only operate a ‘Membership’ model in accordance with MIR Rule 2.8. The MTF/OTF is therefore required to assess whether a potential Member is adequately regulated in its home jurisdiction, such that the MTF or OTF can suitably rely on their Members, for example, to undertake CDD and AML checks. Where Members are not properly regulated, the FSRA expects that MTFs or OTFs will have in place additional compliance resources internally (and not be able to rely on their ‘Members’ for such purposes).

Market Abuse and Transaction Reporting (FSMR)

80) As the Spot Commodities Framework does not treat Spot Commodities as Financial Instruments/Specified Investments, certain FSMR provisions have been expanded to specifically capture the use of Spot Commodities within ADGM.

81)

Importantly, the Market Abuse Provisions (including section 92) in Part 8 of FSMR specifically cover Market Abuse Behaviour in relation to Accepted Spot Commodities admitted to trading on an RIE, MTF or OTF. In this regard, the FSRA imposes the same high regulatory standards to Accepted Spot Commodities traded on RIEs, MTFs or OTFs as it does to Financial Instruments traded on RIEs, MTFs or OTFs.

82) Similar to the reporting requirements imposed on RIEs, MTFs and OTFs in relation to Financial Instruments (pursuant to section 149 of FSMR), such entities are also required to report details of orders and transactions in Accepted Spot Commodities traded on their platforms. The FSRA expects these RIEs, MTFs and OTFs using Spot Commodities to report to the FSRA on both a real-time and batch basis. Auction Platforms

83) Complementing the other activities offered by Spot Commodity trading venues, auction platforms can provide Spot Commodity market participants with a transparent platform