 delivery and/or storage facility itself has no responsibility for safeguarding Accepted Spot Commodities, other than those included in the commercial agreement with the Authorised Person. In assessing whether an Authorised Person that is Providing Custody is able to fully comply with the arrangements of COBS Rule 22.8, the Authorised Person is required to demonstrate that suitable custodial arrangements are in place to securely hold each Accepted Spot Commodity. The Authorised Person should consider appointing third- party experts to test and verify the proposed physical custodial arrangements, including relevant security and controls, to provide the FSRA the necessary comfort in relation to these arrangements.

52) Pursuant to COBS Rule 22.8.3, an Authorised Person is required to carry out reconciliations of Accepted Spot Commodity stocks on a more frequent basis (than as usually provided for in COBS Chapter 14, in relation to more conventional instruments/assets). Authorised Persons will need to submit to the FSRA the details of how proposed arrangements, including outsourced arrangements where applicable, are suitable.

53) The FSRA expects that pursuant to COBS Rule 22.8.3, reconciliations are to include, where applicable, verification that Spot Commodity Titles details accurately represent the physical stock of Accepted Spot Commodities.

Capital Requirements

54) The FSRA applies the regulatory capital requirements in COBS Rule 22.10 in two different scenarios, such that:

a) where the Authorised Person is an MTF or OTF, the regulatory capital to be held (under COBS Rule 22.10.1(a) and MIR Rule 3.2.1) is equivalent to 6 months’ operational expenses8; and

8 Unless otherwise deemed 12 months operational expenses by the FSRA under MIR Rule 3.2.1(b).

11

VER02.181223

b)

in relation to all other Authorised Persons, the ‘conventional’ regulatory capital requirements applicable to the Regulated Activities undertaken apply.

55) For Recognised Bodies (being an RIE or RCH), the conventional regulatory capital requirements set out in MIR Rules 3.2 and 4.2 apply.

56) When applying COBS Rule 22.10 (and, as applicable, MIR Rule 3.2.1) to Authorised Persons, the FSRA will apply proportionality in considering whether any additional capital buffer must be held, based on the size, scope, complexity and nature of the activities and operations of the Authorised Person and, if so, the appropriate amount of regulatory capital required as an additional buffer. An Authorised Person that the FSRA considers to be high risk may attract higher regulatory capital requirements.

57) Where an Authorised Person also carries on one or more Regulated Activities that are not related to Spot Commodities (e.g., Dealing in Investments or Providing Credit), the FSRA will apply a capital requirement that is the higher of the regulatory capital requirements applicable to the: a) Regulated Activities engaged in using Spot Commodities; or

b)

other Regulated Activities under the FSRA Prudential – Investment, Insurance Intermediation and Banking Rules (“PRU”).

Anti-Money Laundering and Countering Financing of Terrorism

58) The use of Spot Commodities raise significant regulatory concerns for regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies worldwide, particularly in relation to Money Laundering (“ML”) and Terrorism Financing (“TF”).

59) The Financial Action Task Force (‘FATF’) has identified certain key risks applicable to Spot Commodities (particularly gold),9 which include the following:

a)

The regulatory characteristics of Spot Commodities make them attractive for organised crime groups to participate in order to place and integrate illicit proceeds. Given the limited level of industry oversight and licencing requirements, cash transactions have the potential to provide criminal groups with a continuous supply of untraceable Spot Commodities from various sources. Furthermore, this supply can be purchased at below market cost, directly from market participants who do not have to prove how they own the Spot Commodity. The high-volume of transactions conducted through these cash-intensive businesses can be easily falsified or co-mingled with the proceeds of crime, while the purchased Spot Commodity (such as gold) can be used to make untraceable settlements for illicit goods and services. Due to a significant number of Spot Commodities purchases being conducted in cash, large