 the potential to provide criminal groups with a continuous supply of untraceable Spot Commodities from various sources. Furthermore, this supply can be purchased at below market cost, directly from market participants who do not have to prove how they own the Spot Commodity. The high-volume of transactions conducted through these cash-intensive businesses can be easily falsified or co-mingled with the proceeds of crime, while the purchased Spot Commodity (such as gold) can be used to make untraceable settlements for illicit goods and services. Due to a significant number of Spot Commodities purchases being conducted in cash, large numbers of transactions are undertaken anonymously;

b)

The majority of ML offences relating to commodity markets are associated with international trading, with it being easy to physically convert some Spot Commodities into different forms, in order to conceal from, or understate to, border authorities the value on the shipping documentation, such as bills of lading;

9 https://www.fatf-gafi.org/media/fatf/documents/reports/ML-TF-risks-vulnerabilities-associated-with- gold.pdf

12

VER02.181223

c)

The exact amount of Spot Commodities activity is difficult to identify, as smuggling is an ideal method of moving it from one location to the next, either domestically or to international jurisdictions, where it can then be converted for use on secondary markets. Criminals may recruit couriers to move commodities across borders both legally and illegally. This allows criminals to remain anonymous and distance themselves from a transfer;

d) Due to the nature of Spot Commodity markets, the Spot Commodity itself does not have to exist, or be moved physically, to be traded. Rather, citing the Spot Commodity as the traded good on an invoice can be used to justify large movements of money, either domestically or across borders; and

e) Components of Spot Commodity production, such as refining, smelting or shipping, may be located in jurisdictions that do not have adequate ML/TF controls.

60)

In order to develop a robust and sustainable regulatory framework for Spot Commodities, FSRA is of the view that a comprehensive application of its Anti Money Laundering and Countering Financing of Terrorism “AML/CFT” framework should be in place, including full compliance with, among other things:

a) UAE AML/CFT Federal Laws, including the UAE Cabinet Resolution No. (10) of 2019 Concerning the Executive Regulation of the Federal Law No. (20) of 2018 concerning Anti-Money Laundering and Combating Terrorism Financing;

b)

the FSRA’s AML Rules or such other AML rules as may be applicable in ADGM from time to time; and

c)

the adoption of international best practices (including with regard to FATF Recommendations).

61) Taking into account Spot Commodities ML and TF risks, the importance of meeting global transparency and beneficial ownership standards, and the need to have proper mechanisms to exchange information with other regulators and counterparties, the FSRA requires that its AML Rules apply to all Authorised Persons, including those engaged in conducting Regulated Activities using Spot Commodities. Key considerations for AML/CFT compliance

62) When considering the FATF Recommendations, in combination with the application of the AML Rules, the FSRA notes the following key principles that an Authorised Person conducting Regulated Activities using Spot Commodities should consider:

Principle 1: Risk Based Approach

a)

FATF expects countries, regulators, financial institutions and other concerned parties to adopt a ‘Risk Based Approach’ (“RBA”). Authorised Persons are expected to understand the risks associated with their activities and allocate proper resources to mitigate those risks. A RBA can only be achieved if it is embedded into the compliance culture of the Authorised Person, which enables the Authorised Person to make decisions and allocate appropriate resources in the most efficient and effective way.

13

VER02.181223

b)

Authorised Persons should, on a periodic basis, carry out a proper risk based assessment of their processes and activities. In order to implement the RBA, Authorised Persons are expected to have processes in place to identify, assess, monitor, manage and mitigate ML risks. The general principle is that in circumstances where there are higher risks of ML, Authorised Persons are required to implement enhanced measures to manage and mitigate those risks.

c) With the use of Spot Commodities being largely unregulated within financial services,