 application fee of $250,000.

4.1.4 A Recognised Body with recognition as both a Recognised Investment Exchange and a Recognised Clearing House must pay to the Regulator an annual supervision fee of $120,000.

4.2

Remote Bodies

4.2.1 An Applicant for recognition as a Remote Body must pay to the Regulator an application

fee of $10,000.

4.2.2 A Remote Body is required to pay to the Regulator an annual recognition fee of $1,000.

4.3

Remote Members

4.3.1 An Applicant for recognition as a Remote Member must pay to the Regulator an

application fee of $1,000.

4.3.2 A Remote Member is required to pay to the Regulator an annual recognition fee of $1,000.

Guidance

1. Where an application concerns activities relating to Spot Commodities that will be undertaken by a Recognised Body, whether a Recognised Investment Exchange or Recognised Clearing House, the fees in Section 4.1 will apply.

2. Depending on the complexity and risks inherent in an Applicant’s business model, the Regulator, when considering an application in relation to Virtual Assets, may decide to apply the relevant fees relating to specific Regulated Activities and Virtual Assets cumulatively in certain circumstances. Applicants are directed to review the discussion of factors relating to the calculation of fees for Virtual Asset related business models contained in the Regulator’s “Guidance - Regulation of Virtual Asset Activities in ADGM”. APPROVED PERSONS

2. Depending on the complexity and risks inherent in an Applicant’s business model, the Regulator, when considering an application in relation to Virtual Assets, may decide to apply the relevant fees relating to specific Regulated Activities and Virtual Assets cumulatively in certain circumstances. Applicants are directed to review the discussion of factors relating to the calculation of fees for Virtual Asset related business models contained in the Regulator’s “Guidance - Regulation of Virtual Asset Activities in ADGM”. APPROVED PERSONS

5.1.1 An Applicant or Authorised Person applying to the Regulator.

(a) for Approved Person status for an individual; or

18

FEES VER19.100625

(b) to amend an Approved Person’s approval to include a new Controlled Function;

must pay to the Regulator an application fee of $500 for each application in respect of an Approved Person.

6.

CONTROLLERS

6.1.1 An Authorised Person or a Recognised Body applying for written approval of a proposed new Controller, or a change in the Holding of an existing Controller which would trigger the requirement to seek the approval of the Regulator, must pay to the Regulator an application fee of $1,000.

Guidance

The Regulator may charge a supplementary fee in addition to the fee specified in Rule 6.1.1 where:

a.

the Controller is from a jurisdiction where there is no adequate memorandum of understanding in place between the Regulator and the relevant Non-ADGM Financial Services Regulator in that jurisdiction;

b.

the Controller proposes, in connection with their approval, to change the business model, business activities, or senior management of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body; or

c.

the application will otherwise require the Regulator to incur substantial additional expense or expend substantial additional effort due to its complexity.

7.

FOREIGN BRANCHES OF DOMESTIC FIRMS

7.1

Specific fees

7.1.1 Where an Authorised Person that has its registered head office in ADGM applies to the Regulator for approval to establish a branch outside ADGM, it must pay to the Regulator an application fee equal to 50% of the highest application fee set out in Chapter 3 of these Rules for those Regulated Activities it seeks to undertake from the proposed branch.

7.1.2 An Authorised Person that has established a branch outside ADGM from which it conducts Regulated Activities must pay to the Regulator an annual supervision fee equal to 50% of the highest annual supervision fee for those Regulated Activities it undertakes from the branch. The initial supervision fee due shall be prorated and paid in accordance with Rule 1.2.2(a).

Guidance

The Regulator may charge a supplementary fee in addition to the fees specified in Rule 7.1.1 and 7.1.2