, as the case may be, must pay the highest of the relevant application fees associated with the Regulated Activities being applied for at that time. Each additional Regulated Activity applied for at that time shall incur an additional application fee of the lesser of $10,000 or the application fee specified in these Rules.

3.2.2 An Authorised Person which has been granted a Financial Services Permission enabling it to undertake multiple Regulated Activities must pay the highest of the relevant supervision fees associated with such Regulated Activities under these Rules. Each additional Regulated Activity shall incur an additional annual supervision fee of the lesser of $10,000 or the supervision fee associated with such Regulated Activity. Where a Financial Services Permission has been amended to allow the Authorised Person to

5

FEES VER19.100625

conduct one or more additional Regulated Activities, the additional supervision fees described in this Rule are payable in accordance with Rule 1.2.2.

3.2.3 An Applicant seeking a Financial Services Permission to Manage a Collective Investment Fund which is a Venture Capital Fund, or a Fund Manager with a Financial Services Permission restricted to the management of Venture Capital Funds, may also apply to conduct the Regulated Activities of Advising on Investments and Arranging Deals in Investments without incurring additional application or supervision fees where those activities are restricted to co-investments in assets in which a Venture Capital Fund managed or to be managed by the Applicant or Fund Manager has invested or will invest.

Guidance

1.

In accordance with Rules 3.2.1 to 3.2.3 an Applicant or an Authorised Person must pay:

a.

the application fee for the Regulated Activity attracting the highest fee which has been applied for at that time, and

b. an application fee of $10,000 for each additional Regulated Activity it seeks to conduct, subject to instances where the fee for an additional Regulated Activity is lower than $10,000, in which case the lower fee must be paid.

2. Supervision fees shall be calculated on the basis of the full amount of the highest supervision fee applicable the Regulated Activities permitted by the Authorised Person’s Financial Services Permission, plus, for each additional Regulated Activity, the lesser of $10,000 or the supervision fee specified by these Rules.

3. Fees for specific asset classes are in addition to those for the Regulated Activity being undertaken or to be undertaken. Examples of fees for specific asset classes are detailed in the following sections or chapter:

a. Virtual Assets in FEES 3.17 and 3.18;

b. Spot Commodities in FEES 3.19;

c. OTC Leveraged Products in FEES 3.20;

d. Funds in FEES 8.

4. An Applicant seeking a Financial Services Permission specifically in relation to a Venture Capital Fund should consider Section 3.10.

Regulated Activities

3.3

Accepting Deposits and Providing Credit

3.3.1 An Applicant for a Financial Services Permission must pay to the Regulator an application

fee of $70,000 to carry on the Regulated Activity of:

(a) Accepting Deposits; or

6

FEES VER19.100625

(b) Providing Credit.

3.3.2 An Authorised Person with a Financial Services Permission must pay to the Regulator an

annual supervision fee of $100,000 to carry on the Regulated Activity of:

(a) Accepting Deposits; or

(b) Providing Credit.

3.3.3 An Authorised Person must pay to the Regulator an additional annual supervision fee of

$10,000 where it carries on:

(a) both Regulated Activities in Rule 3.3.2; or

(b) the Regulated Activities of Managing a Profit Sharing Investment Account and that of

Providing Credit.

3.4

Dealing in Investments as Principal and Dealing in Investments as Agent

3.4.1 An Applicant for a Financial Services Permission to carry on the Regulated Activity of Dealing in Investments as Principal, but not as a Matched Principal, must pay to the Regulator an application fee of $40,000.

3.4.2 An Authorised Person with a Financial Services Permission to carry on the Regulated Activity of Dealing in Investments as Principal, but not as a Matched Principal, must pay to the Regulator an annual supervision fee