 is not paid by the date on which it becomes due or within the prescribed period, in addition to any late payment fee incurred under these Rules, the Regulator may, at its discretion, take regulatory action arising from the breach of a Rule including the suspension or withdrawal of any authorisation or approval notwithstanding the payment of any late payment fee.

1.2.7 Late Filing Fee

An Authorised Person, a Designated Non-Financial Business or Profession or a Recognised Body that submits a Regulatory Filing after the due date must pay to the Regulator a fee of $500.

Guidance

Where a Regulatory Filing is submitted after the date on which it becomes due, the Authorised Person, Designated Non-Financial Business or Profession or a Recognised Body is in breach of a Rule. In addition to the imposition of a fee under Rule 1.2.7, the Regulator may take further action.

For Designated Non-Financial Businesses or Professions, Rule 1.2.7 relates to the AML Return, as required by Rule 4.6.1 in the Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions Rules and Guidance Rulebook.

1.2.8 Relief from Payment

The Regulator may at any time reduce, waive or refund all or part of any fee including any supplementary or late payment fee if it considers that, in the circumstances of a particular case, it would be fair and reasonable to do so.

2.

AMENDMENTS TO FINANCIAL SERVICES PERMISSIONS, AND WAIVERS AND MODIFICATIONS

2.1

Amendment of a Financial Services Permission

(a) Subject to Rule 2.1(c), an Authorised Person applying to amend the scope of an existing Financial Service Permission to enable it to undertake additional Regulated Activities must pay to the Regulator such application fees as set out in Rule 3.2.1.

(b) An Authorised Person applying to amend the scope of an existing Financial Services Permission to enable it to serve Retail Clients, other than pursuant to Rule 3.20.1, must pay to the Regulator an application fee of $5,000.

4

FEES VER19.100625

(c) An Authorised Person applying to amend the scope of an existing Financial Services Permission to enable it to conduct Islamic Financial Business must pay to the Regulator an application fee of $5,000.

(d) An Authorised Person applying to amend the scope of an existing Financial Services Permission through the amendment or removal of a condition, other than in accordance with (b) or (c), must pay to the Regulator an application fee of $5,000.

2.2

Request for a waiver or modification of a Rule

An Authorised Person or a Recognised Body applying for a waiver or modification of a specific Rule or set of Rules which, in the opinion of the Regulator, is complex or novel must pay to the Regulator an application fee of $5,000.

Guidance

In accordance with Rule 1.2.4, the Regulator may require a Person to pay a supplementary fee where the request for a waiver or modification is particularly complex or novel in the opinion of the Regulator.

3.

APPLICATION AND SUPERVISION FEES

3.1

Introduction

3.1.1 This Chapter outlines the specific application and supervision fees payable by Applicants for a Financial Services Permission and Authorised Persons in respect of Regulated Activities.

3.2 Multiple Regulated Activities

3.2.1

In respect of:

(a) an Applicant seeking to obtain a Financial Services Permission enabling the

Applicant to undertake multiple Regulated Activities; or

(b) an Authorised Person seeking to amend a Financial Services Permission to enable it

to undertake one or more additional Regulated Activities;

the Applicant or Authorised Person, as the case may be, must pay the highest of the relevant application fees associated with the Regulated Activities being applied for at that time. Each additional Regulated Activity applied for at that time shall incur an additional application fee of the lesser of $10,000 or the application fee specified in these Rules.

3.2.2 An Authorised Person which has been granted a Financial Services Permission enabling it to undertake multiple Regulated Activities must pay the highest of the relevant supervision fees associated with such Regulated Activities under these Rules. Each additional Regulated Activity shall incur an additional annual supervision fee of the