 Permission to include additional Regulated Activities are payable in accordance with Rule 1.2.2.

1.2.4 Supplementary fees

The Regulator may require a Person to pay to the Regulator a supplementary fee in circumstances where it expects to incur substantial additional costs or expend substantial additional effort in dealing with an application, authorisation, filing or when conducting on-going supervision.

Guidance

1. The amount of any supplementary fee will reflect the Regulator’s reasonable estimate of the additional time, effort and resources, including those of third parties, necessary to address an issue. Matters which may cause the Regulator to require the payment of a supplementary fee could include, for example: a. complex applications by reason of the Applicant's start-up profile, origin,

ownership structure or proposed business model;

b. cases where it may be necessary to conduct intense supervisory scrutiny of an

entity or individual from a risk perspective;

c. complex restructurings or changes in an Authorised Person’s or Recognised

Body's structure or activities;

d. waiver or modification requests which are particularly complex or novel, in the

opinion of the Regulator;

2

FEES VER19.100625

e. novel proposals and applications that cover untested ground or untested areas

of the financial services regulatory regime; or

f.

assessing complex business models, the supervision of which will require the Regulator to incur material additional expenses, such as, but not limited to, businesses which operate in, or rely upon activities performed in jurisdictions with which, in the view of the Regulator, insufficient arrangements for co- operation exist between the Regulator and the relevant Non-ADGM Financial Services Regulator(s) in that jurisdiction(s).

2.

In cases where a supplementary fee is to be charged, the Regulator will notify the Person as soon as reasonably possible of the amount of the supplementary fee. The payment of a supplementary fee does not prevent the Regulator from charging an additional supplementary fee.

1.2.5 Means of payment

(a) In respect of any fee payable in accordance with these Rules, the fee must be paid:

(i)

in USD; and

(ii)

into the Regulator’s bank account by bank transfer directly from a bank account or via a debit or credit card maintained by the Person specified in (b).

(b) The Regulator will accept payment of a fee from the Person to whom the Rule applies, from a member of the Person’s Group, an Applicant’s legal advisor or from a Person who has applied to be a Controller of the Applicant but only where the Applicant is in formation and does not have a bank account in its own name.

(c) A fee payable under Chapter 9 may be paid by any of the following:

(i)

the Issuer, Offeror or Reporting Entity of Securities;

(ii)

if the Issuer is a Special Purpose Vehicle, by the Person who controls, directly or indirectly, the Special Purpose Vehicle;

(iii) the lead arranger of a proposed issue of Securities; or

(iv) the legal advisor acting for a Person referred to in (i), (ii) or (iii).

1.2.6 Late payment

Except for late Regulatory Filings for which a fee is incurred in accordance with Rule 1.2.7, when a fee is not paid in full on or before the due date or within the prescribed period, such non-payment incurs a late payment fee of:

(a) $2,000; or

(b) an amount equivalent to 3% of the fee due,

3

FEES VER19.100625

whichever is the greater. In addition, the outstanding fee due shall be increased by 1% for each calendar month, or part of a calendar month, that it remains outstanding beyond the due date.

Guidance

If a fee is not paid by the date on which it becomes due or within the prescribed period, in addition to any late payment fee incurred under these Rules, the Regulator may, at its discretion, take regulatory action arising from the breach of a Rule including the suspension or withdrawal of any authorisation or approval notwithstanding the payment of any late payment fee.

1.2.7 Late Filing Fee

An Authorised Person, a Designated Non-Financial Business or Profession or a Recognised Body that submits a Regulatory Filing after the due date must pay to the Regulator a fee of $500.

