losures standard

A company which is required to prepare and submit ESG disclosures must prepare its submissions consistent with a standard which is globally recognised in the reasonable opinion of the company’s directors. The following is a non-exhaustive list of examples of globally recognised standards:

Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) • Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) • Higg Index • • Task Force on ESG Financial Disclosures (TCFD) • United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDG) International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB)

A company may change the applicable disclosures standard at its discretion.

11. Review of ESG disclosures reporting process

An internal review of the ESG disclosures reporting process should be undertaken periodically as part of a company’s internal audit framework.

12. Non-submission of ESG disclosures by in-scope companies

The ESG Disclosures Framework offers flexibility through its ‘comply or explain’ approach, which is designed to encourage companies to develop governance processes and practices that are the most suitable for their particular circumstances and to report them in a meaningful way.

While the Registrar expects all in-scope companies to submit ESG disclosures, it is acknowledged that it may take time for such companies to develop necessary systems and controls. The Registrar encourages companies to embrace the flexibility offered by the ESG Disclosures Framework, consider their circumstances carefully and choose what is best for them, while clearly explaining any determination not to make ESG disclosures.

When informing the Registrar of its decision not to submit ESG disclosures in accordance with subsection 399B(5) of the CR, a company should submit correspondence to monitoring@adgm.com, including a description of the reasons for its determination.

6

VER01.040723

13. Exemption for a company included in the group annual accounts of a larger group

A company may consider ESG disclosures made in applicable consolidated group annual accounts to satisfy subsection 399C(2)(a) of the CR where those disclosures are broadly equivalent to those required by the ESG Disclosures Framework.

14. Publication of ESG disclosures

The ADGM encourages companies to make their ESG disclosures publicly available in the spirit of transparency and advancing the UAE’s net zero by 2050 strategic initiative.

7

VER01.040723

Disclaimer

Note: The Registration Authority cannot give technical or legal advice on a company’s accounts or the accounts obligations in individual company circumstances. The Registration Authority can only give general guidance. A company’s accounts are subject to legal requirements, and a company may wish to consider consulting a professional if technical or legal advice is required.

This Guidance is a non-binding indicative guide and should be read together with the relevant legislation, in particular the CR and any other relevant regulations and enabling rules, which may change over time without notice. Information in this Guidance is not to be deemed, considered or relied upon as legal advice and should not be treated as a substitute for a specific advice concerning any individual situation. Any action taken upon the information provided in this Guidance is strictly at the company’s risk and the Registration Authority will not be liable for any losses and damages in connection with the use of or reliance on information provided in this Guidance. The Registration Authority makes no representations as to the accuracy, completeness, correctness or suitability of any information provided in this Guidance.

8