 that some market structures, for example anonymous order books or anonymous indications of interest, cause the identity of counterparties to sometimes be unknown prior to the effecting of transactions.

2.

Rule 5.2.2 also accepts that some participants in the Price Stabilisation may have accrued uneconomic positions during stabilisation and therefore permits a single transaction, probably at the end-of day, to ‘square-off’ the positions between participants. The terms on which these transactions be carried may often be agreed in the terms of engagement between the Stabilisation Manager and his Stabilisation Agents. The DFSA may when inspecting records kept relating to stabilisation seek the rationale for any of these transactions and the price at which they were conducted.

5.2.3 The Stabilisation Manager must keep the register in the English language and keep it in a location that would allow for it, or a certified copy, to be available within a reasonable time to any person permitted by these Rules to inspect it.

Guidance

Reasonable time generally means no more than three business days from the time of request.

5.2.4 The following persons are permitted to inspect the register upon written request:

(1)

the DFSA;

(2)

the Authorised Market Institution upon which the relevant Securities are traded; and

(3)

any other person that the DFSA considers appropriate.

5.2.5 During the Stabilisation Window and within three months from the end, the Stabilisation Manager must, on any business day, permit the Issuer of the Eligible Securities to which this chapter applies to inspect that part of the register kept in accordance with Rule 5.2.2(e).

5.2.6 The Stabilisation Manager must keep the register for a period of six years from

the end of the Stabilisation Window.

12

PRS/VER7/04-18

PRICE STABILISATION (PRS)

6

DUAL-LISTINGS AND PRICE STABILISATION ACTIVITIES

6.1 Application

6.1.1

(1)

This chapter applies to a Person who carries out Price Stabilisation of dual-listed Eligible Securities.

(2)

For the purposes of (1), “dual-listed Eligible Securities” are Eligible Securities which are listed concurrently on an Authorised Market Institution and on an exchange in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC.

Guidance

“Dual-listed Eligible Securities” in Rule 6.1.1(2) would, in relation to one listed security, include Certificates (e.g. global depository receipts) and Warrants over the other listed security.

6.2 Price Stabilisation in the DIFC

6.2.1

(1)

Subject to (2), a Person who conducts Price Stabilisation of dual-listed Eligible Securities in the DIFC must comply with PRS.

(2)

A Person who conducts Price Stabilisation in the DIFC of dual-listed Eligible Securities may, where the non-DIFC jurisdiction is a Recognised Jurisdiction and where the prior consent of the DFSA has been obtained, conduct such Price Stabilisation in accordance with the law of that Recognised Jurisdiction.

(3)

The DFSA may give its consent to the conduct of a Price Stabilisation referred to in (2) if it is satisfied that the jurisdiction is a Recognised Jurisdiction and that the Price Stabilisation will be carried out in accordance with the law of that Recognised Jurisdiction.

(4)

The DFSA may refuse to give its consent if it is not satisfied as to the matters referred to in (3).

(5)

The DFSA may attach conditions to the consent under this Rule.

(6)

The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law apply to a decision of the DFSA under (4) to refuse to give its consent or under (5) to attach conditions to the consent.

(7)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under (4) to refuse to give its consent or under (5) to attach conditions to the consent, the Person may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

13

PRS/VER7/04-18

PRICE STABILISATION (PRS)

Guidance

This Rule allows a Person who is acting as a Stabilisation Manager in respect of