:

(a)

issuing guidance and directives pursuant thereto; and

(b)

delegating its duties and powers under these Regulations or the Cabinet Resolution to Designated Officers.

5.

Powers of inspection and investigation

(1) Without prejudice to the powers of inspection and investigation set out in the Cabinet

Resolution, the Regulatory Authority may:

(a)

require any Account Holder, Controlling Person or Financial Institution to provide records, information, explanations and particulars and to give all the required assistance which the Regulatory Authority may reasonably require in connection with the administration or enforcement of these Regulations;

2

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(b)

by notice in writing, require any Account Holder, Controlling Person or Financial Institution to provide to the Regulatory Authority such information as the Regulatory Authority may reasonably require for any purpose relating to the administration or enforcement of these Regulations, such information to be provided or produced before the end of such reasonable period as may be set out in the relevant notice;

(c)

request information from and, at all reasonable times, enter any premises or place of business of a Financial Institution for the purposes of:

(i)

assessing compliance with these Regulations;

(ii)

determining whether information included in an information return made under these Regulations is correct and complete and whether information not included in an information return was correctly not included; and/or

(iii)

examining the systems and internal procedures put in place by a Reporting UAE Financial Institution for the purposes of ensuring compliance with that entity’s obligations under these Regulations.

The Regulatory Authority may request information from any Account Holder or Controlling Person including, but not limited to, Accounting Records and all other records held in connection with the information or certifications provided to a Financial Institution, and the Regulatory Authority may ask the Financial Institution to assist it to obtain such information or records from Account Holders and Controlling Persons.

The Regulatory Authority may appoint Designated Officers to assist it in inspections performed at the premises of Financial Institutions pursuant to the provisions of subsections 5(1) and (2) and to submit such written reports in respect thereof as the Regulatory Authority may direct.

The Regulatory Authority may require a Financial Institution to produce a report and/or appoint a skilled person to produce a report.

For the purposes of subsection 5(4), sections 203 and 204 of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015 shall apply in relation to requiring a report or appointing a skilled person to produce a report (as the case may be). A Financial Institution shall be read as falling within the scope of “A” for the purposes of the application of those sections.

The Regulatory Authority may commence an investigation in relation to a Financial Institution.

For the purposes of subsection 5(6), sections 205 to 215 and section 217 of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015 shall apply in relation to commencement and conduct of an investigation by the Regulatory Authority of a Financial Institution.

3

6.

(1)

(2)

7.

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

8.

(1)

Part 3 Reporting and Record keeping

Collecting and reporting information

Each Reporting UAE Financial Institution shall collect and report all information in accordance with the Cabinet Resolution and these Regulations.

Each Reporting UAE Financial Institution shall establish and implement appropriate systems and internal procedures to enable its compliance with the Cabinet Resolution and these Regulations.

Record keeping

Every Reporting UAE Financial Institution shall keep records of the steps undertaken and any evidence relied upon for the performance of the due diligence procedures and the measures to obtain those records that the Reporting UAE Financial Institution obtains or creates for the purpose of complying with the Cabinet Resolution and these Regulations.

Every Reporting UAE Financial Institution that is required to keep, obtain or create records under these Regulations shall retain those records for a period of at least six (6) years after the date of reporting to the Regulatory Authority.

Every Reporting UAE Financial Institution required by these Regulations to keep records that does so electronically shall retain them in an electronically readable format for the retention period of six (6) years after the date of reporting it to the Regulatory Authority.

Every Reporting UAE Financial Institution that obtains or creates records, as required under these Regulations, in a language other than English shall, upon request, provide an English translation to the Regulatory Authority.

Part 4 Penalties and contraventions

Power to prescribe penalties and procedures

The Regulatory Authority may prescribe:

(a)

penalties and administrative fees