 date of reporting to the Regulatory Authority.

Every Reporting UAE Financial Institution required by these Regulations to keep records that does so electronically shall retain them in an electronically readable format for the retention period of six (6) years after the date of reporting it to the Regulatory Authority.

Every Reporting UAE Financial Institution that obtains or creates records, as required under these Regulations, in a language other than English shall, upon request, provide an English translation to the Regulatory Authority.

Part 4 Penalties and contraventions

Power to prescribe penalties and procedures

The Regulatory Authority may prescribe:

(a)

penalties and administrative fees and other sanctions in addition to the penalties and administrative sanctions stipulated in the Cabinet Resolution; and

(b)

forms and additional procedures in relation to:

(i)

the imposition and recovery of penalties and administrative fees imposed pursuant to these Regulations (including those stipulated in the Cabinet Resolution);

(ii)

the enforcement of actions required by the Regulatory Authority pursuant to these Regulations; and

4

(iii)

any objection or right of appeal in respect of any penalties or administrative fees or action required or the enforcement thereof.

9.

Penalties, sanctions and appeal

(1)

An Account Holder, Controlling Person or Financial Institution who:

(a)

does an act or thing that is prohibited under the Cabinet Resolution or these Regulations;

(b)

does not do an act or thing that is required under the Cabinet Resolution or these Regulations; or

(c)

otherwise contravenes the Cabinet Resolution or these Regulations,

commits a contravention of the Cabinet Resolution and these Regulations and is liable to the penalties and administrative sanctions set out in the Cabinet Resolution, and any other penalty or administrative fee or sanction that may be imposed by the Regulatory Authority pursuant to subsection 8(1)(a).

(2)

Any appeal against any penalty or fee or sanction imposed pursuant to subsection 9(1) must be raised pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Cabinet Resolution.

(3)

For the purposes of any further appeal to a competent court pursuant to the Cabinet Resolution, an application for judicial review of a decision of the Regulatory Authority may only be made to the ADGM Court within the timeframe set out in the Cabinet Resolution on the grounds that the decision is wrong in law.

(4)

Any reference to a competent court in the Cabinet Resolution shall mean the ADGM Court.

10.

Directions to comply

(1) Where the Regulatory Authority, or its delegate, considers that an Account Holder, Controlling Person or Financial Institution has contravened the Cabinet Resolution or these Regulations it may by written notice to such person order that certain action be taken to comply with these Regulations.

11.

Anti-Avoidance

(1)

If a Reporting UAE Financial Institution, person or intermediary enters into any arrangements or engages in a practice, the main purpose or one of the main purposes, of which can reasonably be considered to be to avoid an obligation imposed pursuant to these Regulations , the Reporting UAE Financial Institution, person or intermediary is subject to the obligation as if the Reporting Financial Institution, person or intermediary had not entered into the arrangement or engaged in the practice.

5

12.

(1)

13.

(1)

Part 5 Indemnity and effective date

Indemnity

Unless it can be shown that it acted in bad faith, neither the Regulatory Authority, its delegate, nor any Designated Officer can be held liable for any act, attempted act or omission in the performance, purported non-performance or non-performance of its functions in connection with these Regulations.

Effective date

These Regulations become effective on date of enactment.

6