 the Group entities to resolve the whole Group or one or more of its Group entities without causing a significant direct or indirect adverse effect on the financial system, market confidence or the financial services industry in the DIFC and with a view to maximising the value of the Group as a whole including the DIFC Branch/es and Subsidiaries;

w.

the arrangements and means through which Resolution could be facilitated in the cases of Groups that have subsidiaries established in different jurisdictions;

x.

the arrangements and means by which Resolution could be hampered due to collateral arrangements being established in different jurisdictions;

y.

the credibility of applying a Resolution Tool in such a way which meets the Resolution Objectives, given possible impacts on creditors, counterparties, customers, clearing participants and employees and possible actions that third-country authorities may take;

z.

the extent to which the impact of the Authorised Firm’s Resolution on the financial system in the DIFC and on financial markets confidence can be adequately evaluated;

aa.

the extent to which the Resolution of the Authorised Firm could have a significant direct or indirect adverse effect on the financial system, market confidence or on the DIFC;

bb.

the extent to which contagion to other Authorised Firms or to the financial markets could be contained through the exercise of a Resolution Power and application of a Resolution Tool; and

cc.

the extent to which the Resolution of the Authorised Firm could have a significant effect on the operation of AMIs, Regulated Exchanges, payment systems, Central Counterparties, Securities Settlement Systems or Central Securities Depositories.

For the purposes of the Guidance in item 1:

16

RAR/VER1/04-20

2.4

2.4.1

RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION (RAR)

a.

the feasibility test involves looking at whether the preferred resolution strategy can be implemented effectively and in a timely manner; and

b.

the credibility test checks the impact of the preferred resolution strategy and its ability to mitigate risks which have been identified against the Resolution Objectives.

4.

In practice, when the DFSA prepares or updates a Resolution Plan, the Resolvability Assessment will typically be done concurrently.

5.

The DFSA will exercise its power under Article 84G of the Law to require measures it considers reasonably necessary to remove impediments to, or improve, the resolvability of an Authorised Firm in a proportionate and priority-driven manner. The DFSA will target the removal of the most important impediments first. It will also inform other relevant Resolution Authorities, where applicable, of its intentions to formally require the removal of the impediments.

Loss-Absorbing Capacity Requirement

Guidance

Under Article 84H of the Law, the DFSA may by written notice require an Authorised Firm to hold and maintain a minimum amount of financial resources which will be available during Resolution to absorb losses and recapitalize it so that it can continue to perform Critical Functions while Resolution is ongoing (Loss Absorbing Capacity).

(1) This Rule applies where the DFSA by written notice under Article 84H of the Law requires an Authorised Firm to hold and maintain a minimum amount of Loss Absorbing Capacity (LAC).

(2) The DFSA will issue a LAC requirement only in relation to an Authorised

Firm that is not a Branch.

(3) The Authorised Firm shall maintain the specified amount of LAC at all

times from the date specified by the DFSA in the notice.

(4) The LAC requirement:

(a)

shall include the Authorised Firm’s own funds and Eligible Liabilities, whether issued externally or internally within its Group;

(b) may be applied on an unconsolidated balance sheet basis to an individual entity or on a consolidated balance sheet basis to two or more entities that the DFSA groups together;

(c) may specify criteria that must be met by Debt Instruments or other instruments issued for the purposes of complying with the requirement;

(d) may require eligible instruments to contain contractual terms designed loss-absorbing characteristics and their eligibility to be the subject of the exercise of the Bail-In Tool.

to promote

recognition of

their

Guidance

1. The DFSA will calibrate the LAC requirement according to the existing level of capitalisation of the Authorised Firm and having regard to its business model and the other

17

RAR/VER1/04-20

RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION (