 Plan at least every six months or until the DFSA, in writing, specifies otherwise.

(14)

A Business Reorganisation Plan may be further amended following its initial implementation if the DFSA is of the view that changes to the plan are required to achieve the long-term viability of the Authorised Firm.

Guidance

1.

Measures aiming to restore the long-term viability of the Authorised Firm under Rule 3.4.7(6) may include:

a.

the reorganisation of the activities of the Authorised Firm;

b.

changes to the operational systems and infrastructure within the Authorised Firm;

c.

the withdrawal from loss-making activities;

d.

the restructuring of existing activities that can be made competitive; and

e.

the sale of assets or business lines.

2.

The Business Reorganisation Plan must take account of, amongst other things, the current state and future prospects of the financial markets, reflecting best-case and worst-case assumptions, including a combination of events allowing the identification of the Authorised Firm’s main vulnerabilities. Assumptions must be compared with appropriate sector-wide benchmarks.

Ancillary provisions relating to bail-in

(1) Where the DFSA exercises the Write Down or Conversion Power in the

36

RAR/VER1/04-20

3.4.9

RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION (RAR)

context of the application of the Bail-In Tool, the write down or conversion will take effect and be immediately binding on the Authorised Firm in Resolution and the creditors and shareholders of the Authorised Firm in Resolution.

(2) The DFSA may complete, or cause the completion, of all administrative and procedural tasks necessary to give effect to the Write Down or Conversion Power including, but not limited to, effecting amendments to all relevant registers and listing rules applicable.

(3) Where the DFSA reduces to zero the principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable in respect of, a liability by means of the Write Down or Conversion Power, that liability and any obligations, rights or claims arising in relation to it that are not accrued at the time when the power is exercised are fully discharged for all purposes in relation to the Authorised Firm in Resolution or any successor entity in any subsequent winding up.

(4) Where the DFSA reduces in part, but not in full, the principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable in respect of, a liability by means of the Write Down or Conversion Power:

(a)

the liability, and the counterparty's corresponding claim, is discharged to the extent of the amount reduced; and

(b)

the relevant instrument or agreement that created the original liability continues to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable in respect of the liability, subject to any modification of the amount of interest payable to reflect the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of the terms that the DFSA might make by means of the Write Down or Conversion Power or other powers under Article 84N of the Law.

(5) The DFSA is not prevented from exercising a Resolution Power or applying a Resolution Tool because of any procedural impediments to the conversion of Eligible Liabilities to Shares by virtue of the instrument of incorporation or of any other DIFC law, including pre-emption rights for shareholders or requirements for the consent of shareholders to an increase in capital.

Contractual recognition of bail-in

(1) The DFSA may, subject to (2), require an Authorised Firm to include in its contractual documents a contractual term by which the creditor or party to an agreement creating an Eligible Liability recognises that that liability may be subject to the Write Down or Conversion Power and agrees to be bound by any reduction of the principal or outstanding amount due, conversion or cancellation that is effected by the exercise of that power by the DFSA, provided that such liability is:

(a)

not excluded under Rule 3.4.1(4);

(b)

governed by the law of another jurisdiction; and

37

RAR/VER1/04-20

RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION (RAR)

(c)

issued or entered into after the date on which these Rules come into force.

(2) Where the DFSA determines that the liability referred to in (1) can be subject to Write Down or Conversion Powers by the Resolution Authority of another jurisdiction or pursuant to a binding agreement concluded with that other jurisdiction, (1)(a) will not apply.

(3) A failure to