Critical Functions Activities, services or operations the discontinuance of

which is likely to lead to:

(a)

the disruption of services that are essential to

the financial services industry in the DIFC or to

the UAE economy; or

(b)

the disruption of financial stability due to the

size, market share, external or

internal

interconnectedness, complexity, or cross-

border activities of an Authorised Person or its

Group,

with particular regard to the substitutability of those

activities, services or operations.

Debt Instrument

Bonds and other

forms of

transferable debt,

instruments creating or acknowledging debt and an

instrument giving rights to acquire such instruments.

Definitive Valuation

A valuation referred to in RAR Rule 3.1.5, which is

carried out after a Provisional Valuation.

Eligible Depositor Has the meaning given in Rule 4.4.2 of COB.

Eligible Liabilities Liabilities and capital instruments that do not qualify as

CET1 Capital instruments, AT1 Capital instruments or

T2 Capital instruments of an Authorised Firm and that

are not excluded from the exercise of the Write Down

or Conversion Power under RAR Rules 3.4.1(3) or (4).

LAC

Loss-Absorbing Capacity as defined in Article 84H of

the Law.

LAC requirement A requirement under Article 84H of the Law for an

Authorised Firm to hold and maintain a minimum

amount of Loss Absorbing Capacity.

Law

The Regulatory Law.

Management Information

Has the meaning given in section 4.1.

2

RAR/VER1/04-20

RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION (RAR)

System

Pre-Resolution Valuation

A valuation referred to in Article 84M(1) of the Law.

Provisional Valuation

A valuation referred to in Article 84M(2) of the Law.

Recognition Order

An order made by the DFSA under Article 84T of the

Law that recognises, in whole or in part, resolution

action taken by another Resolution Authority.

Recovery Measures

The measures, set out in a Recovery Plan, to be taken

to restore the financial position of an Authorised Firm

in the event of a serious deterioration of its financial

position.

Recovery Plan

A plan referred to in Article 84D(2) of the Law.

Residual Institution

In circumstances where part of the business of an

Authorised Firm has been sold to a private sector

purchaser using the Sale of Business Tool, the unsold

or non-transferred part of the Authorised Firm and the

legal entity in which any related assets, liabilities or

business resides.

Resolution

The process of resolving an Authorised Firm, including

the stabilisation and restructuring of that Authorised

Firm through the exercise or application of one or more

Resolution Powers or Resolution Tools

Resolution Action The exercise of a Resolution Power or application of a

Resolution Tool and any activity connected with that

exercise or application.

Resolution Conditions

The conditions referred to in Article 84K(1) of the Law.

Resolution Objectives

The DFSA’s aims set out in Article 8(3B) and 8(3C) of

the Law.

Resolution Plan

A plan referred to in Article 84E(1) of the Law.

Resolution Power A power referred to in Article 84N of the Law.

Resolution

The safeguards referred to in Article 84R of the Law

3

RAR/VER1/04-20

Safeguards

Resolution Tool

Sale of Business Tool

Temporary Administrator

T2 Capital

Write Down or Conversion Power

RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION (RAR)

and RAR section 3.6.

The Sale of Business Tool or Bail-In Tool referred to in

Article 84O and 84P respectively of the Law.

The Resolution Tool referred to in Articles 84N(1)(h)

and Article 84O of the Law.

A person appointed by the DFSA under Article 84Q of

the Law to be a Temporary Administrator of an

Authorised Firm.

Has the meaning given in PIB Rule 1.2.1.

The power referred to in Article 84N(1)(e)