 may specify criteria that must be met by Debt Instruments or other instruments issued for the purposes of complying with the requirement;

(d) may require eligible instruments to contain contractual terms designed loss-absorbing characteristics and their eligibility to be the subject of the exercise of the Bail-In Tool.

to promote

recognition of

their

Guidance

1. The DFSA will calibrate the LAC requirement according to the existing level of capitalisation of the Authorised Firm and having regard to its business model and the other

17

RAR/VER1/04-20

RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION (RAR)

relevant parameters such as the resolution strategy, situation of other Group or sub-Group entities and macro-prudential considerations.

2. The LAC requirement will be based on the Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC) Standard issued by the Financial Stability Board (FSB), or any relevant document relating to loss-absorbing capacity issued by an international standard-setting body, which will be given effect in whole or in part and subject to any modifications that the DFSA thinks fit, having regard to the prevailing circumstances in the DIFC.

3. A LAC requirement may be imposed concurrently or separately to the resolution planning process regarding the Authorised Firm, and will have regard to the resolution strategy adopted for the Authorised Firm.

4. The DFSA will set reasonable deadlines for the Authorised Firm to meet the LAC requirement, which may include staggered build-up toward the target amount of the LAC.

18

RAR/VER1/04-20

3.

3.1

3.1.1

3.1.2

3.1.3

RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION (RAR)

RESOLUTION

Valuation

Eligibility criteria for independent valuer

A person is eligible to be appointed as an independent valuer under Article 84L of the Law where that person:

(a)

has suitable qualifications, skills and experience to be able to carry out such valuation; and

(b)

is independent and free of conflicts of interest in respect of the valuation.

Powers of an independent valuer

(1) An independent valuer may do anything necessary or desirable for the purposes of, or in connection with, the performance of the independent valuer's functions under these Rules.

(2) The independent valuer has, without limitation, the power to:

(a)

require any member of the management of an Authorised Firm to attend an interview at a specified time and place and answer questions;

(b)

require an Authorised Firm to produce at a specified time and place any specified documents or information;

(c)

require an Authorised Firm to provide such assistance as the independent valuer may require; or

(d)

enter the business premises of an Authorised Firm during normal business hours for the purpose of inspecting and copying documents on such premises.

(3) The DFSA may confer on an independent valuer such ancillary powers as it considers necessary for the purposes of, or in connection with, the independent valuer exercising its functions under these Rules.

Pre-Resolution Valuation

(1) An independent valuer shall carry out a Pre-Resolution Valuation:

(a)

in the case of an Authorised Firm that is not a Branch, on the assets and liabilities of the Authorised Firm; or

(b)

in the case of an Authorised Firm that is a Branch, on the business of that Branch.

(2) The purpose of a Pre-Resolution Valuation is:

(a)

to inform the decision of whether the Resolution Conditions are met;

19

RAR/VER1/04-20

RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION (RAR)

(b)

if the Resolution Conditions are met, to inform the decision on the application of a Resolution Tool;

(c)

if the Bail-in Tool is to be applied, to inform the decision on the extent of the write down or conversion of Eligible Liabilities;

(d)

if the Write Down or Conversion Power is to be used, to inform the decision on the extent of the cancellation or dilution of Shares and the extent of the write down or conversion;

(e)

if the Sale of Business Tool is to be applied, to inform the decision on the rights, assets, liabilities or Shares to be transferred and to inform the DFSA’s understanding of what constitutes commercial terms for the purpose of the application of the tool; and

(f)

in all cases, to ensure that any