(ii)

capital, funding or liquidity arrangements;

(iii)

existing or contingent credit exposures;

(iv)

cross guarantee agreements, cross-collateral arrangements, cross-default netting arrangements;

provisions

and

cross-affiliate

(v)

risks transfers and back-to-back trading arrangements; and

(vi)

service level agreements;

(p)

the Senior Manager designated under Rule 2.2.2 as well as those responsible, if different, for the different legal entities, Critical Functions and Core Business Lines;

(q)

a description of the arrangements that the Authorised Firm has in place to ensure that, in the event of Resolution, the DFSA will have all the necessary information, as determined by the DFSA, for exercising a Resolution Power and applying a Resolution Tool;

(r)

all the agreements entered into by the Authorised Firm and their legal entities with third parties the termination of which may be triggered by a decision to exercise a Resolution Power and apply a Resolution Tool and whether the consequences of termination may affect the exercise of the Resolution Power and application of the Resolution Tool;

(s)

a description of possible liquidity sources for supporting Resolution; and

13

RAR/VER1/04-20

RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION (RAR)

(t)

information on asset encumbrance, liquid assets, off-balance sheet activities, hedging strategies and booking practices.

Guidance

1.

To approach resolution planning on a proportionate basis, and to alleviate the burden on an Authorised Firm, the DFSA will:

a.

consider the actual scope of information required based on the preferred resolution strategy chosen for the Authorised Firm in the DFSA’s discretion.

b.

not require all data to be provided immediately, or from all Authorised Firms. The DFSA will consider the information required in terms of scope and granularity. As the Authorised Firm will be individually contacted by the DFSA, a large majority can expect to be asked to provide, at first, high level core data, and only some would be asked for supplementary information; and

c.

will make use of the information already available to it, e.g. through prudential returns.

2.

The process for requesting, and submission of, information, may require several exchanges between the DFSA and the Authorised Firm and, in many instances, a continual dialogue before the DFSA is satisfied with the information. On this basis, the DFSA may request relevant information from the Authorised Firm or its senior management in writing, as frequently as reasonably necessary, setting out appropriate deadlines to satisfy the request. On site visits may also be carried out.

Person responsible for providing information relevant to resolution planning

2.2.2 (1) An Authorised Firm shall designate a Senior Manager who will be responsible for providing the DFSA with the information relevant for the preparation or review of a Resolution Plan.

(2) The Authorised Firm shall notify the DFSA of the Senior Manager

designated under (1).

Guidance

The DFSA considers that it may make sense for an Authorised Firm, from an operational and resourcing perspective, to designate the same Senior Manager who is responsible for Recovery Planning under Rule 2.1.5 as the person responsible under Rule 2.2.2 for providing information relevant to resolution planning.

2.3

Resolvability Assessment

Guidance

1.

The DFSA may under Article 84F(1) of the Law conduct a Resolvability Assessment to determine if there are any impediments that may prevent or affect the Resolvability of an Authorised Firm.

2.

The DFSA may consider a range of matters when it conducts a Resolvability Assessment and to identify whether it is feasible and credible for an Authorised Firm to be subject to Resolution. For example, it may consider any one or more of the following:

14

RAR/VER1/04-20

a.

b.

c.

d.

e.

f.

g.

h.

i.

j.

k.

l.

m.

n.

o.

p.

RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION (RAR)

the extent to which the Authorised Firm is able to map Core Business Lines and Critical Functions to legal persons;

the extent to which legal and corporate structures are aligned with Core Business Lines and Critical Functions;

the extent to which there are arrangements in place to provide for essential staff, infrastructure, funding, liquidity and capital to support and maintain the Core Business Lines and the Critical