OLUTION (RAR)

and RAR section 3.6.

The Sale of Business Tool or Bail-In Tool referred to in

Article 84O and 84P respectively of the Law.

The Resolution Tool referred to in Articles 84N(1)(h)

and Article 84O of the Law.

A person appointed by the DFSA under Article 84Q of

the Law to be a Temporary Administrator of an

Authorised Firm.

Has the meaning given in PIB Rule 1.2.1.

The power referred to in Article 84N(1)(e) of the Law.

4

RAR/VER1/04-20

2.

2.1

2.1.1

2.1.2

2.1.3

2.1.4

RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION (RAR)

RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION PLANNING

Recovery Planning

Guidance

In accordance with Article 84D of the Law, an Authorised Firm is required to prepare and submit a Recovery Plan to the DFSA if it is included in a class of Authorised Firms required to prepare and submit such a plan or if it is not included in such a class but has been given written notice by the DFSA that it has to prepare a plan. Rule 2.1.1 prescribes the class of Authorised Firms require to prepare and submit a Recovery Plan.

Classes of Authorised Firms required to prepare a Recovery Plan

An Authorised Firm shall prepare and submit to the DFSA for review a Recovery Plan if it is authorised under its Licence to carry on either or both of the following Financial Services:

(a) Accepting Deposits; or

(b) Managing a Profit-Sharing Investment Account where that account is

received on an unrestricted basis (a PSIAu).

Submission of Plans

(1) The Recovery Plan for an Authorised Firm referred to in Rule 2.1.1 shall

be submitted to the DFSA:

(a)

in the case of an Authorised Firm that has an authorisation referred to in that Rule on the commencement day, no later than two months from the commencement day; or

(b)

in the case of an Authorised Firm that receives such an authorisation after the commencement day, no later than two months from the date on which the authorisation is granted.

(2) Where the DFSA gives an Authorised Firm written notice under Article 84D(1)(b) of the Law that it must prepare a plan, the Authorised Firm shall submit the Recovery Plan to the DFSA by no later than the date specified in the notice.

(3) Where the DFSA gives an Authorised Firm written notice under Article 84D(5) of the Law requiring it to take measures to rectify any deficiencies in the Recovery Plan, the Authorised Firm shall submit the rectified Recovery Plan by no later than the date specified in the notice.

General requirements relating to Recovery Plans

An Authorised Firm shall ensure that the Recovery Plan processes and implementation are integrated, and aligned, with its overall governance structure, processes and internal risk management frameworks, such as its early warning indicators.

(1) An Authorised Firm shall ensure that it has in place appropriate

5

RAR/VER1/04-20

RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION (RAR)

contingency arrangements, which will enable it to continue to operate if it implements Recovery Measures set out in the Recovery Plan.

(2) The contingency arrangements under (1) shall include processes relating to IT, access to financial market infrastructure such as clearing and settlement facilities, and the continuation of supplier and employee contracts.

Responsibility for Recovery Planning

2.1.5

(1) An Authorised Firm shall designate a Senior Manager who will be responsible for leading, formulating and overseeing the Recovery Planning process, including providing to the DFSA any information relevant for the review of the Recovery Plan.

(2)

The Authorised Firm shall notify the DFSA of the Senior Manager designated under (1).

(3) Without limiting the generality of the Principles for Authorised Individuals in GEN Rule 4.4, the senior management of an Authorised Firm are responsible for the Recovery Planning of that Authorised Firm.

Scope of the Recovery Plan

2.1.6 A Recovery Plan prepared by an Authorised Firm shall be prepared on the

following basis:

(a)

if the Author