/VER1/04-20

3.4.2

RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION (RAR)

the written notice given under Article 84N of the Law set out the type and amount of liabilities owed by the Authorized Firm in Resolution that will be subject to the Bail-In Tool and whether they are:

(a)

cancelled (i.e. written down to zero);

(b)

modified (as far as their terms or the effects of the terms therein are concerned); or

(c)

caused to change their form by converting from a form or a class to a different one, replacing the existing instrument with one of another form or class or creating a new security.

(7) A written notice under Article 84N of the Law relating to the application

of the Bail-in Tool shall have effect according to its terms.

Guidance

1.

The DFSA may apply the Bail-in Tool if there is a reasonable prospect that applying the tool together with other relevant measures can, in addition to achieving the relevant Resolution Objectives, restore the Authorised Firm to financial soundness and long- term viability. The Bail-In Tool may also be applied in connection with the Sale of Business Tool.

2.

In exercising its discretion under Rule 3.4.1(4), the DFSA will consider:

a.

the need not to apply any bail-in to a netting set before such netting is completed;

b.

the need to avoid disruption to AMIs, Regulated Exchanges, payment systems, Central Counterparties, Securities Settlement Systems and Central Securities Depositories;

c.

the principle that losses shall be borne first by shareholders and subsequently by creditors of the Authorised Firm in Resolution in order of preference in light of the Resolution Objectives;

d.

the level of LAC that will remain in the Authorised Firm in Resolution if the liability or class of liabilities were excluded; and

e.

the need to maintain adequate resources for Resolution financing.

Assessment of amount of bail-in

(1)

In applying the Bail-in Tool under Rule 3.4.1, the DFSA shall assess for the purposes of (2), on the basis of the Pre-Resolution Valuation or Provisional Valuation, the aggregate of:

(a)

where applicable, the amount by which capital instruments and Eligible Liabilities are to be written down in order to ensure that the net asset value of the Authorised Firm in Resolution is equal to zero; and

(b)

where applicable, the amount by which capital instruments and Eligible Liabilities are to be converted into Shares or other types of capital instruments in order to restore the CET1 Capital ratio

31

RAR/VER1/04-20

3.4.3

RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION (RAR)

of the Authorised Firm in Resolution.

(2) The purpose of the assessment under (1) is to establish the amount by which Eligible Liabilities need to be written down or converted in order:

(a)

to restore the CET1 Capital ratio of the Authorised Firm in Resolution;

(b)

to sustain sufficient market confidence in the Authorised Firm in Resolution; and

(c)

to enable the Authorised Firm to continue, for at least twelve months, to satisfy the requirements for authorisation and to carry on the activities or services for which it is authorised.

(3) Where capital instruments have been written down in accordance with the Write Down or Conversion Power under Rule 3.2.5, the Bail-in Tool has been applied, and the level of write down based on the Pre- Resolution Valuation is found to exceed requirements when assessed against the Definitive Valuation, a write up mechanism may be applied to reimburse creditors and then shareholders to the extent necessary.

Treatment of shareholders in bail-in

(1) When applying the Bail-in Tool, the DFSA shall take, in respect of shareholders of the Authorised Firm in Resolution, one or both of the following actions:

(a)

cancel existing Shares or transfer them to bailed-in creditors; or

(b)

where, in accordance with the Pre-Resolution Valuation (or Provisional Valuation, if applicable), the Authorised Firm in Resolution has a positive net value, dilute existing shareholders as a result of the conversion into Shares of:

(i)

relevant capital instruments; or

(ii)

Eligible Liabilities,

issued by the Authorised Firm in Resolution.

(2) The DFSA shall take the action referred to in