) are met by the Authorised Person. Any significant changes to the

24

GEN VER11.290725

Remuneration structure and strategy should also be notified to the Regulator before being implemented.

6.

The information included in the annual report is made available to the Regulator and the shareholders, and in the case of a listed company, to the public. The Governing Body of the Authorised Person should also consider what additional information should be included in the annual report. In the case of Banks, Insurers and dealers, more detailed disclosure of Remuneration structure and strategy and its impact on the financial soundness of the Authorised Person would be required. When providing disclosure relating to Remuneration in its annual report, Authorised Persons should take account of the legal obligations that apply to them including the confidentiality of information obligations.

3.5

Cyber Risk Management

This Rule takes effect on 31 January 2026.

Cyber Risk Management Framework

(1)

An Authorised Person must establish and maintain a Cyber Risk Management Framework to identify, assess and manage its Cyber Risks effectively.

(2)

An Authorised Person must ensure the Cyber Risk Management Framework is in writing and is approved by its Governing Body.

(3)

The Cyber Risk Management Framework must:

(a)

include systems and controls which are proportionate to the nature, scale and complexity of the activities conducted by the Authorised Person and its Cyber Risk; and

(b)

have clearly defined roles and responsibilities, including accountability for decision making during business-as-usual operations and stressed situations.

(4)

The systems and controls in Rule 3.5.1(3)(a) must include one or more systems for the purposes of:

(a)

identifying and assessing Cyber Risk which enables the Authorised Person to implement the requirements in Rule 3.5.4;

(b)

protecting ICT Assets in accordance with Rules 3.5.5 to 3.5.13;

(c) monitoring and testing the effectiveness of such systems and controls in

accordance with Rule 3.5.14; and

(d) managing Cyber Incidents which enables the Authorised Person to comply

with the requirements in Rules 3.5.15 to 3.5.17.

(5)

An Authorised Person must review its Cyber Risk Management Framework to ensure that it remains appropriate, proportionate, effective and up-to-date.

25

GEN VER11.290725

(6)

An Authorised Person must carry out the review required under (5) regularly, and at least annually.

(7)

An Authorised Person must integrate its Cyber Risk Management Framework within its overall risk management framework established under Rules 3.3.4 to 3.3.6.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Person’s Cyber Risk Management Framework should form part of its overall risk management framework and be effectively integrated into an Authorised Person’s risk management systems and controls.

2.

An Authorised Person’s Cyber Risk Management Framework may be based on, or informed by, other relevant guidance and regulations published by the Regulator and other competent UAE federal authorities, as well as standards prepared by international organisations or recognised professional institutions, including the following:

a.

The UAE Telecommunications and Digital Government Regulatory Authority: UAE Information Assurance (IA) Regulation (2020);

b.

International Organisation for Standardisation: Information technology – Security techniques – Information security management systems – Overview and vocabulary (ISO standard no. 27000:2018);

c.

National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST): Framework for Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity (2018);

d.

Center for Internet Security: Critical Security Controls (2024);

e.

Committee on Payments and Market Infrastructures and the International Organisation of Securities Commissions: Guidance on cyber resilience for financial market infrastructures (2016);

f.

Cloud Security Alliance: Cloud Controls Matrix and CAIQ (2024);

g.

Risk assessment methodology: NIST SP800-30: Guide for Conducting Risk Assessments (2012);

h.

Cyber Risk Institute: Cyber Risk Institute Profile v2.1 (2023),

and subsequent versions thereof.

2.

The systems and controls referred to in Rule 3.5.1(4)(b) should enable an Authorised Person to protect its ICT Assets in accordance with the requirements in Rules 3.5.5 to 3.5.14 in