290725

relevant Authorised Person may consider, amongst other things, the nature, scale and complexity of its activities, the clarity of demarcation between areas of responsibility, the potential for gaps in responsibility, and processes of communication with the Regulator.

6.

More than one Authorised Person may also register the same individual as its Compliance Officer. This will only be performed where the Authorised Persons concerned are satisfied that the individual is able to carry out his functions effectively in each Authorised Person taking into consideration factors such as the amount and nature of business conducted by the Authorised Persons. Each Authorised Person has a duty under Rules 3.3.7 to 3.3.12 to monitor its compliance arrangements to ensure, as far as reasonably practicable, that it complies with all Regulations and Rules.

The Approved Persons referred to in Rule 5.5.1(1)(a), (c) and (d) must be resident in the

UAE.

Guidance

1.

In appropriate circumstances, the Regulator may waive the requirement for a Compliance Officer or Money Laundering Reporting Officer to be resident in the UAE In determining whether to grant a Waiver, the Regulator will consider a range of factors on a case by case basis focused on whether the Authorised Person can demonstrate that it has appropriate compliance arrangements (see Rules 3.3.7 to 3.3.12). These factors may include, but are not limited to: the nature, scale and complexity of the activities of the Authorised Person; the ability of a remote officer to carry out his functions in differing time zones and a differing working week; the size, resourcing and capabilities of a remote compliance function; the ability of a remote officer to liaise and communicate readily with the Regulator; and the competency and capability of a remote officer and whether the remote officer is able effectively to undertake or supervise regular compliance monitoring and keep up to date with applicable Rules.

2.

The Regulator will also take into account factors such as the relevant regulatory experience of the proposed Approved Person, and whether the applicant Authorised Person has previously been subject to financial services regulation.

3.

An Authorised Person should also be aware of the residency requirement for an MLRO under AML 12.1.1(2).

In the case of a Trust Service Provider, the Approved Persons referred to in Rule 5.5.1(1)(c) and (d) must not act also as trustees on behalf of the Trust Service Provider.

An Authorised Person which is a Body Corporate whose head office and registered office are located in ADGM, must register with the Regulator all of its Directors as Licensed Directors.

55

GEN VER11.290725

In the case of an Authorised Person which is a Partnership established under either the Limited Liability Partnership Regulations or the Partnership Act 1890, the Licensed Partner function must be carried out by:

(a)

each individual Partner who must be registered as a Licensed Partner; and

(b)

in the case of a Partner which is a Body Corporate, by an individual nominated by that Body Corporate and registered as a Licensed Partner to act on its behalf.

Guidance

An Authorised Person that is a Branch is not required to register its Directors as Licensed Directors under Rule 5.5.4 or its Partners as Licensed Partners under Rule 5.5.5.

5.6

Application for Approved Person status

In submitting applications to the Regulator for Approved Person status in respect of the Controlled Functions, the Authorised Person must make applications in such form as the Regulator shall prescribe.

Applicants for Approved Person status must countersign or otherwise consent to an

application.

When an Authorised Person applies to the Regulator, for that individual to be an Approved Person, the individual must satisfy the Regulator and the Authorised Person that he is a fit and proper person to carry out the role.

Consideration and assessment of applications

An individual will only be authorised to carry on one or more Controlled Functions if the Regulator is satisfied that the individual is fit and proper to be an Approved Person. In making this assessment, the Regulator will consider:

(1)

the individual's integrity;

(2)

the individual's competence and capability;

(3)

the individual's financial soundness;

(4)

the individual's proposed role within the Authorised Person; and

(5)

any other relevant matters.

Guid