 in the level of control in, an Authorised Person, it must, as soon as practicable and in any event within 90 days of the receipt of the duly completed application form, provide to the applicant:

(a)

a written notice stating:

(i)

the Regulator's reasons for objecting to that Person as a Controller or to the Person's proposed increase in control; and

82

GEN VER11.290725

(ii)

any proposed conditions subject to which that Person may be approved by the Regulator; and

(b)

an opportunity for the Person to make representations within 14 days of the receipt of such notice in (a) or such other longer period as agreed to by the Regulator.

(2)

The Regulator must, as soon as practicable after receiving representations or, if no representations are received, after the expiry of the period for making representations referred to in (1)(b), issue a final notice stating that:

(a)

the proposed objections and any conditions are withdrawn and the Person is an approved Controller;

(b)

the Person is approved as a Controller subject to conditions specified in the notice; or

(c)

the Person is not approved and therefore is an unacceptable Controller with respect to that Person becoming a Controller of, or increasing the level of control in, the Authorised Person.

(3)

If the Regulator decides to exercise its power under this Rule not to approve a Person as a Controller or to impose conditions on an approval, the Person may refer the matter to the Appeals Panel for review.

(1)

A Person who has been approved by the Regulator as a Controller of an Authorised Person subject to any conditions must comply with the relevant conditions of approval.

(2)

A Person who has been notified by the Regulator pursuant to Rule 8.8.7(2)(c) as an unacceptable Controller must not proceed with the proposed acquisition of control of the Authorised Person.

Guidance

1.

A Person who acquires control of or increases the level of control in an Authorised Person without the prior Regulator approval or breaches a condition of approval is in breach of the Rules. See Rules 8.8.13 and 8.8.14 for the actions that the Regulator may take in such circumstances.

2.

In assessing a proposed acquisition or increase in control, the Regulator may generally consider the suitability of the notice-giver, the financial soundness of the acquisition in order to ensure the sound and prudent management of the Authorised Person, and the likely influence that the notice-giver will have on the Authorised Person.

3.

In determining whether to object to a proposed acquisition, the Regulator may consider:

83

GEN VER11.290725

a.

the reputation of the notice-giver or of any person who will direct the business of the Authorised Person as a result of the acquisition;

b.

the financial soundness of the notice-giver;

c.

whether the Authorised Person will be able to comply with its prudential requirements;

d.

where the Authorised Person is to become part of a Group as a result of the acquisition, whether the structure of such a Group will allow for effective supervision and the exchange of information with the Regulator where required;

e.

whether there are reasonable grounds to suspect that money laundering or terrorist financing has been, or may be, committed in connection with the proposed acquisition; and

f.

whether the proposed acquisition is contrary to one or more of the Regulator’s objectives.

Notification for decrease in the level of control of Domestic Firms

(1)

A Controller of an Authorised Person which is a Domestic Firm must submit, in such form as the Regulator shall prescribe, a written notification to the Regulator where that Person:

(a)

proposes to cease being a Controller;

(b)

proposes to decrease that Person's Holding from:

(i)

more than 50% to 50% or less;

(ii)

more than 30% to 30% or less; or

(iii) more than 20% to 20% or less.

(2)

A written notice provided under (1) must be in such form, include such information and be accompanied by such Documents as the Regulator may reasonably require.

Requirement for notification of changes relating to control of Branches

(1)

In the case of an Authorised Person which is a Branch, a written notification to the Regulator must be submitted by