 the Authorised Person’s most recent risk self-assessment, where applicable, and testing of its business continuity arrangements under Rule 3.3.33;

c.

consideration of Cyber Risk that third parties pose to the Authorised Person; and

d.

a review of the inventory of ICT Assets.

4.

The Regulator expects an Authorised Person to have well-defined processes and clearly assigned responsibilities for maintaining its ICT Asset inventory and assessing Cyber Risk. The ICT Asset inventory should record where each asset is stored and what it is used for. It should also include ICT Assets belonging to third parties upon which Authorised Person depends, including software as a service and cloud-hosted applications.

5.

An Authorised Person should consider participating in industry forums relating to Cyber Risk that provide an opportunity for intelligence sharing.

Protection of ICT Assets against Cyber Incidents

An Authorised Person must use and maintain up-to-date anti-malware software and ensure that regular updates are applied to its anti-malware signature files.

Guidance

The Regulator expects an Authorised Person to use anti-malware software to conduct regular automatic scanning of its ICT Assets, in particular servers and workstations, and to scan all files received over networks (including email attachments and files downloaded from websites) and files kept on storage media before use. The anti- malware software should be used to detect and block malware, potentially malicious links in emails and malicious websites.

(1)

An Authorised Person must implement network security controls, including appropriate network architectures, protocols and network security devices, to protect the perimeters of its Networks.

(2)

An Authorised Person must implement network security monitoring procedures to facilitate prompt detection of unauthorised or malicious activities.

Guidance

An Authorised Person should consider installing security devices at critical junctures in its Networks (e.g., firewalls, web application firewalls, intrusion detection and prevention systems, virtual private network gateways) to protect the perimeters of its Networks. The rules and configurations of the network security devices should be backed up and reviewed regularly to ensure they remain appropriate and relevant.

30

GEN VER11.290725

(1)

An Authorised Person must ensure that access rights and permissions to its IT Systems and Networks are properly managed.

(2)

For the purposes of (1), an Authorised Person must:

(a)

establish a user access management process for the approval of a user’s request for access or permission which ensures that:

(i)

the user is only granted the minimum access or permissions needed to perform that user’s tasks or functions; and

(ii)

the user’s access and permissions are immediately revoked if the conditions for granting approval are no longer met.

(b)

perform regular reviews of users’ access rights and permissions to verify that they remain appropriate.

Guidance

1.

The principle set out at Rule 3.5.7(2)(a)(i) is known as the “least privilege principle”. This is a recognised information security concept that provides that only the minimum access necessary to perform an operation or task should be granted and that the access should be granted only for the minimum amount of time necessary. Its purpose is to reduce risk by limiting the number of individuals with access rights or privileges. In line with this principle, the Regulator expects an Authorised Person to base access rights and privileges, including access rights and privileges of Employees, Customers and third-party service providers, on a user’s requirements and responsibilities and to revoke those rights and privileges as soon as they are no longer required, in particular when an employment, customer or contractual relationship comes to an end, or there is a change in a user’s requirements or tasks.

2.

Privileged access rights or permissions (i.e. rights and permissions to perform security-related functions that ordinary users are not authorised to perform, including rights and permissions to administrator accounts) should be limited to the extent possible and assigned to user credentials different from those used for regular business activities. Regular business activities should not be performed using privileged user credentials.

3.

Robust Identity and Access Management Practices should be adopted. These policies, procedures and systems outline which users have access to specific systems, data or functionality and the circumstances under which access is granted, reviewed and revoked.

4.

The process of performing regular reviews of access and permissions should facilitate the identification of dormant and redundant accounts as well as the detection of unauthorised access rights or permissions.

31

GEN VER11.290725

5.

Access rights