

Principle 3 – Resources

A Representative Office must maintain and be able to demonstrate the existence of

adequate resources to conduct and manage its affairs.

Principle 4 – Relations with Regulators

A Representative Office must deal with Regulators in an open and cooperative manner and keep the Regulator promptly informed of significant events or anything else relating to the Representative Office of which the Regulator would reasonably expect to be notified.

9.7

General provisions

A Representative Office must have a place of business within the geographical

boundaries of ADGM.

A Representative Office must not:

(1)

share an office with another Authorised Person;

(2)

represent anyone other than itself or a member of its Group; or

(3)

permit any staff member to be an Employee of another Authorised Person or Recognised Body.

Guidance

The Regulator would generally not consider a Representative Office to be sharing an office with an Authorised Person if that Representative Office were located in serviced offices which were also the place of business of an Authorised Person.

9.8

Fitness and Propriety

A Representative Office must at all times be fit and proper to hold a Financial Services

Permission.

(1)

A Representative Office must at all times have a Principal Representative who is resident in the UAE and who has satisfied the Regulator as to fitness and propriety.

(2)

If the Principal Representative leaves the employment of a Representative Office, the Representative Office must designate a successor as soon as possible, and in any event within 28 days.

(3)

If the Regulator considers that a Principal Representative designated under (1) or (2) is not fit and proper to fulfil the role for which he has been designated, it will give the Representative Office written notice to this effect.

(4)

On receipt of a notice under (3), a Representative Office must within 28 days designate a new Principal Representative and notify the Regulator accordingly.

104

GEN VER11.290725

A Representative Office must ensure, as far as reasonably practical, that its Employees

are fit and proper.

Guidance

1.

The GPM sets out matters which the Regulator takes into consideration when making an assessment of the kind under Rule 9.8.3.

2.

Where a Representative Office is no longer fit and proper or where its Principal Representative is no longer fit and proper, it will be in breach of these Rules and the Regulator may take steps to withdraw its Financial Services Permission. The GPM sets out matters which the Regulator takes into consideration when assessing the fitness and propriety of a Principal Representative.

9.9

Dealing with property

A Representative Office must not hold or control money or other property belonging to another Person except to the extent that this is necessary to deal with its ordinary business operating expenses.

9.10 Solvency

A Representative Office must notify the Regulator immediately upon becoming aware

that it is unlikely to remain solvent in the near future or that it is insolvent.

Guidance

The requirement to notify is in respect of the institution of which the Representative Office forms a part.

9.11 Disclosure of regulatory status

A Representative Office must not:

(1)

hold itself out as able to carry on a Regulated Activity other than Operating a Representative Office; or

(2)

otherwise misrepresent its status expressly or by implication.

(1) A Representative Office must take reasonable care to ensure that every key business Document which is in connection with the Representative Office carrying on the Regulated Activity of Operating a Representative Office includes one of the disclosures under this Rule.

(2)

A key business Document includes letterhead whether issued by post, fax or electronic means, written promotional materials, business cards, and websites but does not include compliment slips, or text messages.

(3)

The disclosure required under (1) is that the Representative Office is regulated by the Regulator as a Representative Office.

105

GEN VER11.290725

The Regulator’s logo must not be reproduced by a Representative Office without express written permission from the Regulator, and can only be used in accordance with any conditions for use.

9.12 Clear, fair and not misleading

General

When communicating information to a Person in relation to a financial product or financial service, a Representative Office must take reasonable steps to ensure that the communication is clear, fair and not misleading.

A Representative Office must not, in any form of communication with a Person, attempt