 Office is regulated by the Regulator as a Representative Office.

105

GEN VER11.290725

The Regulator’s logo must not be reproduced by a Representative Office without express written permission from the Regulator, and can only be used in accordance with any conditions for use.

9.12 Clear, fair and not misleading

General

When communicating information to a Person in relation to a financial product or financial service, a Representative Office must take reasonable steps to ensure that the communication is clear, fair and not misleading.

A Representative Office must not, in any form of communication with a Person, attempt to limit or avoid any duty or liability it may have to that Person or any other Person under FSMR, MKT or any other relevant legislation.

Marketing Material

In Rule 9.12 and 9.13, "Marketing Material" means any material communicated to a Person in the course of marketing financial services or financial products or effecting introductions.

(1)

A Representative Office must ensure that any Marketing Material communicated to a Person contains the following information:

(a)

the name of the Representative Office communicating the Marketing is being Material and on whose behalf communicated;

the Marketing Material

(b)

the Representative Office’s regulatory status as required under Rule 9.11.1; and

(c)

if the Marketing Material is directed at a specific class or category of investor, a clear statement to that effect and that no other Person should act upon it.

(2)

If the Marketing Material is in the form of an insurance proposal, banking services is capable of proposal, Prospectus or other offering Document, which acceptance in due course, it must contain in a prominent position, or have attached to it, a statement that clearly:

(a)

describes the foreign jurisdiction and the legislation in that jurisdiction that applies to the financial product;

(b)

states the name of the relevant Non-ADGM Financial Services Regulator in that jurisdiction;

(c)

describes the regulatory status accorded to the financial product by that regulator; and

(d)

includes the following warning:

106

GEN VER11.290725

"This document relates to a financial product which is not subject to any form of regulation or approval by the Regulator.

The Regulator has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any Prospectus or other Documents in connection with this financial product. Accordingly, the Regulator has not approved this document or any other associated Documents nor taken any steps to verify the information set out in this document, and has no responsibility for it.

The financial product to which this document relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on its resale. Prospective purchasers should conduct their own due diligence on the financial product.

If you do not understand the contents of this document you should consult an authorised financial adviser".

(3)

A Representative Office must not distribute such marketing material if it becomes aware that the Person offering the financial product or financial service to which the Marketing Material relates is in breach of a regulatory or legal requirement that applies to that Person in relation to that product or service.

A Representative Office must take reasonable steps to ensure that no Person communicates or otherwise uses the Marketing Material on behalf of the Representative Office in a manner that amounts to a breach of the requirements in this Rule.

Past performance and forecasts

A Representative Office must ensure that any Marketing Material containing information or representations relating to past performance, or any future forecast based on past performance or other assumptions, which is provided to a Person is clear, fair and not misleading and contains a prominent warning that past performance is not necessarily a reliable indicator of future results.

9.13 Record keeping

A Representative Office must, for a minimum of six years, maintain sufficient records in relation to each activity and function of the Representative Office. These must include, issued, distributed or otherwise where applicable, any Marketing Material communicated by, or on behalf of, the Representative Office.

9.14 Communication with the Regulator

A Representative Office must ensure that any communication with the Regulator is

conducted in the English language.

107

GEN VER11.290725

9.15 Regulatory Processes

Notifications

A Representative Office must notify the Regulator as soon as reasonably practical of any

change in its:

(1)

name;

(2)

legal status;

(3) Controller(s); or

(4)

address.

A Representative Office must notify the Regulator as soon as reasonably practical of:

(1)

any breach of a Rule or of a provision of Regulations or Rules by the