 may outsource the administration of its Complaints handling procedures in accordance with Rules 3.3.31 and 3.3.32.

7.3

Complaints recording procedures for Professional Clients

An Authorised Person must have adequate policies and procedures in place for the

recording of Complaints made against it by Professional Clients.

An Authorised Person must maintain a record of any Complaint made against it for a

minimum period of six years from the date of receipt of the Complaint.

Guidance

Depending on the nature, scale and complexity of its business, it may be appropriate for an Authorised Person to have in place a suitable Complaints handling procedure for Professional Clients in order to ensure that such Complaints are properly handled and remedial action is taken promptly. Such Complaints handling procedures would be expected to include provisions about the independence of staff investigating the Complaint and bringing the matter to the attention of senior management.

71

GEN VER11.290725

8.

SUPERVISION

Introduction

Guidance

1.

This Chapter outlines the Regulator's supervisory requirements for an Authorised Person and Recognised Body.

2.

This Chapter should be read in conjunction with the GPM which sets out the Regulator's general regulatory policy and processes.

8.1

Information gathering and the Regulator's access to information

This Rule applies to an Authorised Person and Recognised Body other than a

Representative Office with respect to the carrying on of all of its activities.

An Authorised Person and Recognised Body must where reasonable:

(1)

give or procure the giving of specified information, Documents, files, tapes, computer data or other material in the Authorised Person or Recognised Body's possession or control to the Regulator;

(2) make its Employees readily available for meetings with the Regulator;

(3)

give the Regulator access to any information, Documents, records, files, tapes, computer data or systems, which are within the Authorised Person or Recognised Body's possession or control and provide any facilities to the Regulator;

(4)

permit the Regulator to copy Documents or other material on the premises of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body at the Authorised Person or Recognised Body's expense;

(5)

provide any copies as requested by the Regulator; and

(6)

answer truthfully, fully and promptly, all questions which are put to it by the Regulator.

An Authorised Person and Recognised Body must take reasonable steps to ensure that

its Employees act in the manner set out in this Chapter.

An Authorised Person and Recognised Body must take reasonable steps to ascertain if there is any secrecy or data protection legislation that would restrict access by the Authorised Person, Recognised Body or the Regulator to any data required to be recorded under the Regulator's Rules. Where such legislation exists, the Authorised Person or Recognised Body must keep copies of relevant Documents or material in a jurisdiction which does allow access in accordance with Regulations and Rules.

72

GEN VER11.290725

Lead regulation

(1)

If requested by the Regulator, an Authorised Person and Recognised Body must provide the Regulator with information that the Authorised Person or Recognised Body or its Auditor has provided to a Non-ADGM Financial Services Regulator.

(2)

If requested by the Regulator, an Authorised Person and Recognised Body must take reasonable steps to provide the Regulator with information that other members of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body's Group have provided to a Non-ADGM Financial Services Regulator.

8.2 Waivers and Modifications

This Rule applies to every Authorised Person, Recognised Body, Remote Body, Remote Member, Foreign Fund Manager, Person making an Offer of Securities or Reporting Entity.

[Deleted]

Guidance

Throughout the Rulebooks and non-Rulebook guidance a Direction given under section 9 of FSMR will be referred to as a "Waiver” or a “Modification" as appropriate.

If an Authorised Person, Recognised Body, Remote Body, Remote Member, Foreign Fund Manager, Person making an Offer of Securities or Reporting Entity wishes to apply for a Waiver or Modification, it must apply in writing and the application must be delivered to the Regulator as outlined in Rule 8.2.4.

Guidance

Applications for a Waiver or Modification must be made in such form as the Regulator shall prescribe and the