 methods to test its IT Systems and Networks and processes and controls, such as:

a.

vulnerability assessments;

b.

scenario-based testing;

35

GEN VER11.290725

c.

penetration tests;

d.

bug bounty programs; or

e.

red team exercises,

taking into account the Authorised Person’s Cyber Risk assessment under Rule 3.5.4(2).

2.

The frequency with which an Authorised Person should carry out testing will depend on the nature, scale and complexity of its business. It may be adequate to test annually for some Authorised Persons, for others more frequent testing may be required. The Regulator expects additional tests to be carried out whenever systems are updated or new systems are implemented, including when systems are changed to address vulnerabilities that have been identified during testing.

Detection, response and recovery

(1)

An Authorised Person must continuously monitor its IT Systems and Networks with a view to detecting:

(a) Cyber Incidents; and

(b)

the occurrence of anomalies and events indicating a potential Cyber Incident.

(2)

An Authorised Person must have a process for escalating actual or potential Cyber Incidents.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Person’s ability to detect an actual or potential Cyber Incident is essential for strong cyber resilience. Early detection provides an Authorised Person with useful lead time to take appropriate measures to minimise impact.

2.

As part of its monitoring, the Regulator expects an Authorised Person to regularly review system logs, warnings, errors and security events to identify suspicious activities and system errors indicating a potential Cyber Incident.

3.

The process for escalating actual or potential Cyber Incidents should define a point of contact for reporting incidents. All Employees should be made aware of their responsibility to report actual or potential Cyber Incidents as quickly as possible.

(1)

An Authorised Person must establish and maintain a robust Cyber Incident Response Plan providing for measures to be taken by the Authorised Person to respond to and limit the consequences of a Cyber Incident.

36

GEN VER11.290725

(2)

The Cyber Incident Response Plan must include appropriate conditions and procedures to ensure the timely implementation of response and recovery actions, including the actions required by Rule 3.5.17.

(3)

The conditions and procedures in (2) must be regularly tested to ensure their effectiveness.

(4)

An Authorised Person must ensure its Cyber Incident Response Plan is in writing and that it is reviewed regularly and no less than annually, and after the occurrence of a material Cyber Incident that is reportable pursuant to Rule 3.5.18, to ensure that it remains appropriate, effective and up-to-date.

Guidance

1.

Rule 3.3.33 provides overarching requirements for an Authorised Person’s business continuity arrangements. The Regulator expects the Cyber Incident Response Plan to be integrated into the Authorised Person’s overall crisis management and disaster recovery plans, where applicable.

2.

The Regulator expects an Authorised Person’s Cyber Incident Response Plan to include a plan for communication with internal and external stakeholders using pre-approved communication templates relating to identified scenarios that may easily be adjusted, if necessary, and promptly sent to the relevant intended recipients if there is a Cyber Incident. The communication plans may be developed to address a range of possible scenarios taking into consideration experience gained from previous incidents.

3.

An Authorised Person’s test of its conditions and procedures under Rule 3.5.16(3) may be conducted in a variety of ways (for example by using table-top exercises or simulations) and the appropriate scope of testing should be determined each time a test is planned. While an Authorised Person may decide to test only selected procedures at one time, it should ensure that all aspects of the Cyber Incident Response Plan are tested regularly. Testing requirements should be specified in the Cyber Incident Response Plan.

4.

The regular review required by Rule 3.5.16(4) should take into account current cyber threat intelligence as well as lessons learnt from previous events and be adjusted to account for new processes and services. Where the review is triggered by a material Cyber Incident (see Guidance item 1 under Rule 3.5.18), the Regulator expects an Authorised Person to assess whether established procedures were followed and whether actions taken were effective. It should also identify key lessons learnt with a view to improving future Cyber Incident response and recovery processes.

(1)

If a potential or actual Cyber Incident is detected, an Authorised