 of Directors of companies, are found in the company laws and apply to Authorised Persons. Additional disclosure requirements also apply if they are listed companies. The requirements in this Rulebook are tailored to Authorised Persons and are designed to augment and not to exclude the application of those requirements.

3.

Whilst Rule 3.3.41 deals with two aspects of corporate governance, the requirements included in other provisions under Rules 3.2 and 3.3 also go to the heart of sound corporate governance by promoting prudent and sound management of the Authorised Person’s business in the interest of its Customers and stakeholders. These requirements together are designed to promote sound corporate governance practices in Authorised Persons whilst also providing a greater degree of flexibility for Authorised Persons in establishing and implementing a corporate governance framework that are both appropriate and practicable to suit their operations.

4.

Stakeholder groups of an Authorised Person, who would benefit from the sound and prudent management of Authorised Persons, can be varied but generally encompass its shareholders), Customers, creditors, Counterparties and Employees, whose interests may not necessarily be mutually coextensive. A key objective in enhancing corporate governance standards applicable to Authorised Persons is to ensure that they are soundly and prudently managed, with the primary regard being had to its Customers.

its owners

(e.g.

Proportionate application to Authorised Persons depending on the nature of their business

5.

One of the key considerations that underpins how the corporate governance requirements set out in Rule 3.3.41 and Rule 3.3.41A apply to an Authorised Person is the nature, scale and complexity of the Authorised Person's business,

20

GEN VER11.290725

and its organisational structure. When deciding whether to exercise its powers under Rule 3.3.41A, the Regulator may have regard to an Authorised Person’s systemic importance, size, risk profile, complexity, stage of operations and whether the Authorised Person is a Domestic Firm or a Branch.

6.

While requiring Banks, Insurers and dealers to have more detailed and complex corporate governance systems and controls, simpler systems and procedures could be required for other Authorised Persons, depending on the nature and scale of their Regulated Activities. For example, in the case of certain types of Category 4 Regulated Activity providers such as arranging or advising only Authorised Persons, less extensive and simpler corporate governance systems and procedures may be sufficient to meet their corporate governance obligations.

7.

For example, an Authorised Person which is a small scale operation with a tightly held ownership structure may not be able to constitute a Governing Body which comprises members who are fully independent of the Authorised Person's business and from each other, nor be sufficiently large to be able to form numerous committees of the Governing Body to undertake various functions such as nomination and Remuneration. Similarly, it may not be necessary for a Bank or Insurer to have a majority of Non-Executive Directors, or an Independent Non-Executive Director, appointed to its Governing Body where it is a Subsidiary or at an early stage of its operations. If that is the case, the Authorised Person should apply for a waiver or modification of the relevant requirements in Rule 3.3.41A, providing appropriate justification.

8.

In such cases, whilst strict adherence to such aspects of best practice would not be required, overall measures as appropriate to achieve the sound and prudent management of the business would be needed. For example, an Authorised Person with no regulatory track record would be expected to have additional corporate governance controls in place to ensure the sound and prudent management of its business, such as the appointment of an independent Director (who has relevant regulatory experience) to its Governing Body.

Application to Branches and Groups

9.

As part of the flexible and proportionate application of corporate governance standards to Authorised Persons, whether an Authorised Person is a Branch or a Subsidiary within a Group is also taken into account. An Authorised Person which is a member of a Group may, instead of developing its own corporate governance policies, adopt Group-wide corporate governance standards. However, the Governing Body of the Authorised Person should consider whether those standards are appropriate for the Authorised Person, and to the extent possible, make any changes as necessary.

10.

In the case of a Branch, corporate governance practices adopted at the head office would generally apply to the