 with the Regulator

A Representative Office must ensure that any communication with the Regulator is

conducted in the English language.

107

GEN VER11.290725

9.15 Regulatory Processes

Notifications

A Representative Office must notify the Regulator as soon as reasonably practical of any

change in its:

(1)

name;

(2)

legal status;

(3) Controller(s); or

(4)

address.

A Representative Office must notify the Regulator as soon as reasonably practical of:

(1)

any breach of a Rule or of a provision of Regulations or Rules by the Representative Office; and

(2)

any materially adverse information which would on reasonable grounds be considered likely to affect the fitness and propriety of the Representative Office or Principal Representative.

Lead regulation

If requested by the Regulator, a Representative Office must provide the Regulator with information that it or another member of its Group has provided to a Non-ADGM Financial Services Regulator.

Guidance

Under sections 215 to 217 of FSMR the Regulator may exercise its powers for the purpose of assisting other Regulators or agencies.

108

GEN VER11.290725

APP1 BEST PRACTICE RELATING TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND REMUNERATION

A1.1 Best practice relating to corporate governance

Guidance

Roles of the Governing Body and the senior management

1.

The Governing Body should adopt a rigorous process for setting and approving and overseeing the implementation of, the Authorised Person or Recognised Body's overall business objectives and risk strategies, taking into account the long term financial safety and soundness of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body as a whole, and the protection of its Customers and stakeholders. These objectives and strategies should be adequately documented and properly communicated to the Authorised Person or Recognised Body's senior management, Persons Undertaking Key Control Functions (such as the heads of risk management and compliance) and all the other relevant Employees. Senior management should ensure the effective implementation of such strategies in carrying out the day-to-day management of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body's business.

2.

The Governing Body, with the support of the senior management, should take a lead in setting the "tone at the top", including by setting the fundamental corporate values that should be pursued by the Authorised Person or Recognised Body. These should, to the extent possible, be supported by professional standards and codes of ethics that set out acceptable and unacceptable conduct. Such professional standards and codes of ethics should be clearly communicated to those individuals involved in the conduct of business of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body.

3.

The Governing Body should review the overall business objectives and strategies at appropriate intervals and in any event, at least annually to ensure that they remain suitable in light of any changes in the internal or external business and operating conditions. The Governing Body should also approve the approach and oversee the implementation of key policies pertaining to risk identification and management, capital and liquidity plans, compliance policies and obligations, and the internal control systems.

4.

The Governing Body should also ensure that the senior management is effectively discharging the day-to-day management of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body's business in accordance with the business objectives and strategies that have been set or approved by the Governing Body. For this purpose, the Governing Body should ensure that there are clear and objective performance goals and measures (and an objective assessment against such criteria at reasonable intervals), for the Authorised Person, Recognised Body and the members of their Governing Bodies and the senior management to ascertain whether the Authorised Person or Recognised Body's business objectives and risk strategies are implemented effectively and as intended.

109

GEN VER11.290725

Internal governance of the Governing Body

5.

The Governing Body should also ensure that the senior management is responsible for carrying out regular stress testing on credit, operational, market, and liquidity risks. The Governing Body should annually review the stress scenarios and take action to address any perceived issues arising from those reviews. The Governing Body may delegate certain responsibilities to designated senior management committees where appropriate, for example an Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO), as contemplated in PRU.

6.

The Governing Body should have appropriate practices and procedures for its own internal governance, and ensure that these are followed, and periodically reviewed to ensure their effectiveness and adequacy. These policies and procedures should cover a formal and transparent process