 scope of its Financial Services Permission, or to have a condition or restriction varied or withdrawn, must provide the Regulator with written details of the proposed changes.

Guidance

A Representative Office applying to change the scope of its Financial Services Permission should bear in mind that it may have to change its legal structure. The process will involve a fundamental review of the Representative Office by the Regulator to ascertain whether the Representative Office meets all the relevant criteria to enable the proposed change in scope of its Financial Services Permission.

For the purposes of IFR and Schedule 1 of FSMR, a Representative Office will not be taken to be holding itself out as conducting Islamic Financial Business in or from ADGM in circumstances where it:

(1)

does not represent that it provides, in or from ADGM, any services that are in accordance with Shari’a; and

(2)

acts within the scope of its Financial Services Permission, that is, it does not carry on in or from ADGM a Regulated Activity other than Operating a Representative Office.

Guidance

IFR and Schedule 1 of FSMR contain a prohibition against an Authorised Person holding itself out as conducting Islamic Financial Business without first obtaining a Financial Services Permission. An Islamic Financial Institution may operate a Representative Office in ADGM but it is deemed not to be conducting Islamic Financial Business through its Representative Office. This is because of the limited nature of the financial services activity it is permitted to carry on and because it does not enter into client relationships in ADGM. Accordingly, there is no requirement to obtain an appropriate Financial Services Permission and IFR does not apply.

9.4 Withdrawal of a Financial Services Permission

A Representative Office seeking to have its Financial Services Permission withdrawn

must submit a request in writing stating:

(1)

the reasons for the request;

102

GEN VER11.290725

(2)

that it has ceased or will cease to carry on the Regulated Activity of Operating a Representative Office in or from ADGM; and

(3)

the date on which it ceased or will cease to carry on the Regulated Activity of Operating a Representative Office in or from ADGM.

Guidance

The Regulator may act on its own initiative to withdraw a Representative Office’s Financial Services Permission.

9.5

Application of core principles

(1)

The four Principles for Representative Offices set out in 9.6 apply to every Representative Office in accordance with Rule 9.1.1.

Guidance

1.

Under Rule 9.1.1(2), the principles apply, unless otherwise stated, only to the Representative Office in ADGM and not to the institution as a whole.

2.

The Principles for Representative Offices have the status of Rules and are a general statement of fundamental regulatory requirements which apply alongside the other Rules including in relation to new or unforeseen situations which may not be covered elsewhere by a specific Rule. Rules in other areas of this Rulebook build upon these fundamental principles. Consequently the Rules and Guidance elsewhere should not be seen as exhausting the implications of the Principles.

3.

Breaching a Principle for Representative Offices makes a Representative Office liable to disciplinary action, and may indicate that it is no longer fit and proper to carry on a Regulated Activity or to hold a Financial Services Permission. The Regulator may consider withdrawing the Financial Services Permission on that basis.

4.

The onus will be on the Regulator to show that the Representative Office has been at fault in some way, taking into account the standard of conduct required under the Principle in question.

9.6

Principles for Representative Offices

Principle 1 - Integrity

A Representative Office must observe high standards of integrity and fair dealing.

Principle 2 – Due skill, care and diligence

In conducting its business activities a Representative Office must act with due skill, care and diligence.

103

GEN VER11.290725

Principle 3 – Resources

A Representative Office must maintain and be able to demonstrate the existence of

adequate resources to conduct and manage its affairs.

Principle 4 – Relations with Regulators

A Representative Office must deal with Regulators in an open and cooperative manner and keep the Regulator promptly informed of significant events or anything else relating to the Representative Office of which the Regulator would reasonably expect to be notified.

9.7

General provisions

A Representative Office must have a place of business within the geographical

boundaries of ADGM.

A Representative Office must not:

(1