 Regulator in such form as the Regulator shall prescribe.

(2)

The written notice provided under (1) must be in such form, include such information and be accompanied by such Documents as the Regulator may require.

(3)

Where the Regulator receives an application under (1), it may:

(a)

approve the proposed acquisition or increase in the level of control;

(b)

approve the proposed acquisition or increase in the level of control subject to such conditions as it considers appropriate; or

(c)

object to the proposed acquisition or increase in the level of control.

(4)

The Regulator may request such further information from the notice-giver as it deems necessary for the purposes of making its decision under (3).

(5)

Any approval of an application under (3)(a) or (b) will be effective for such period as the Regulator may specify, and subsequently vary, in writing.

Guidance

1.

A Person intending to acquire or increase control in an Authorised Person should submit an application for approval in such form as the Regulator shall prescribe sufficiently in advance of the proposed acquisition to be able to obtain the Regulator approval in time for the proposed acquisition. The GPM sets out the matters which the Regulator will take into consideration when exercising its powers under Rule 8.8.5 to approve, object to or impose conditions of approval

81

GEN VER11.290725

relating to a proposed Controller or a proposed increase in the level of control of an existing Controller.

2.

The Regulator will exercise its powers relating to Controllers in a manner proportionate to the nature, scale and complexity of an Authorised Person's business, and the impact a proposed change in control would have on that Authorised Person and its Clients. For example, the Regulator would generally be less likely to impose conditions requiring a proposed acquirer of control of an Authorised Person whose financial failure would have a limited systemic impact or impact on its Clients to provide prudential support to the Authorised Person by contributing more capital. Most advisory and arranging Authorised Persons will fall into this class.

(1) Where the Regulator proposes to approve a proposed acquisition or an increase in the level of control in an Authorised Person pursuant to Rule 8.8.5(3)(a), it must:

(a)

do so as soon as practicable and in any event within 90 days of the receipt of a duly completed application, unless a different period is considered appropriate by the Regulator and notified to the applicant in writing; and

(b)

issue to the applicant, and where appropriate to the Authorised Person, an approval notice as soon as practicable after making that decision.

(2)

An approval pursuant to Rule 8.8.5(3)(a), including a conditional approval granted by the Regulator pursuant to Rule 8.8.5(3)(b), is valid for a period of one year from the date of the approval, unless an extension is granted by the Regulator in writing.

Guidance

1.

If the application for approval lodged with the Regulator does not contain all the required information, then the 90 day period runs from the date on which all the relevant information has been provided to the Regulator.

2.

If a Person who has obtained prior Regulator approval for an acquisition or an increase in the control of an Authorised Person is unable to effect the acquisition before the end of the period referred to in Rule 8.8.6(2), it will need to obtain fresh approval from the Regulator.

Objection or conditional approval process

(1)

Where the Regulator proposes to exercise its conditional approval or objection power pursuant to Rule 8.8.5(3)(b) or (c) respectively, in respect of a proposed acquisition of, or an increase in the level of control in, an Authorised Person, it must, as soon as practicable and in any event within 90 days of the receipt of the duly completed application form, provide to the applicant:

(a)

a written notice stating:

(i)

the Regulator's reasons for objecting to that Person as a Controller or to the Person's proposed increase in control; and

82

GEN VER11.290725

(ii)

any proposed conditions subject to which that Person may be approved by the Regulator; and

(b)

an opportunity for the Person to make representations within 14