 application of corporate governance standards to Authorised Persons, whether an Authorised Person is a Branch or a Subsidiary within a Group is also taken into account. An Authorised Person which is a member of a Group may, instead of developing its own corporate governance policies, adopt Group-wide corporate governance standards. However, the Governing Body of the Authorised Person should consider whether those standards are appropriate for the Authorised Person, and to the extent possible, make any changes as necessary.

10.

In the case of a Branch, corporate governance practices adopted at the head office would generally apply to the Branch and are expected to be adequate. The Regulator considers, as part of its authorisation of a Branch and on-going supervision, the adequacy of regulatory and supervisory arrangements

21

GEN VER11.290725

applicable in the home jurisdiction, including a corporate governance framework adopted and implemented by the head office (see the GPM). The Regulator is empowered to require a dedicated committee to act for the Governing Body in relation to corporate governance practices of Banks and certain Insurers that are Branches.

Best practice relating to corporate governance

11.

In addition to the considerations noted above, best practice that an Authorised Person may adopt to achieve compliance with the applicable corporate governance standards is set out in Guidance at Appendix 1.1. An Authorised Person may, where the best practice set out in Appendix 1.1 is not suited to its particular business or structure, deviate from such best practice or any aspects thereof. The Regulator will expect the Authorised Person to demonstrate to the Regulator, upon request, what the deviations are and why such deviations are considered by the Authorised Person to be appropriate. An Authorised Person should periodically undertake a review of its corporate governance, and its effectiveness against best practice. The Regulator may request a copy of the output of such periodic reviews.

Remuneration structure and strategies

(1)

The Governing Body of an Authorised Person must ensure that the Remuneration structure and strategy of that Authorised Person:

(a)

are consistent with the business objectives and strategies and the identified risk parameters within which the Authorised Person's business is to be conducted;

(b)

provide for effective alignment of risk outcomes and the roles and functions of the Employees, taking account of:

(i)

the nature of the roles and functions of the relevant Employees; and

(ii)

whether the actions of the Employees may expose the Authorised Person to unacceptable financial, reputational and other risks;

(c)

at a minimum, include the members of its Governing Body, the senior management, Persons Undertaking Key Control Functions and any Major Risk-Taking Employees; and

(d)

are implemented and monitored to ensure that they operate, on an on-going basis, effectively and as intended.

(2)

The Governing Body must provide to the Regulator and relevant stakeholders sufficient information about its Remuneration structure and strategies to demonstrate that such structure and strategies meet the requirements in (1) on an on-going basis.

22

GEN VER11.290725

(3)

For the purposes of this Rule, "Major Risk-Taking Employees" are Employees whose actions have a material impact on the risk exposure of the Authorised Person.

3.4 Whistleblowing

[Deleted]

Policies and Procedures

An Authorised Person must implement and maintain appropriate and effective

arrangements to:

(a)

facilitate persons making Protected Disclosures;

(b)

assess and, where appropriate, escalate concerns arising from information received in a Protected Disclosure; and

(c)

protect the identity of a person who makes a Protected Disclosure,

that are proportionate to the size and complexity of its business and operations.

The arrangements required under Rule 3.4.2 must be set out in written policies and

procedures.

An Authorised Person must periodically review the appropriateness and effectiveness of its policies and procedures to ensure they are appropriate, proportionate, effective and up to date.

Records of Protected Disclosures

An Authorised Person must maintain the following records in writing:

(a)

each Protected Disclosure received and all relevant supporting documents; and

(b)

information, including internal findings and analysis, relating to the Authorised Person’s investigation, assessment and determination of matters relevant to the Protected Disclosure.

3.4.6 The records referred to in Rule 3.4.5 must be maintained for a period of at least six years from