 must periodically review the appropriateness and effectiveness of its policies and procedures to ensure they are appropriate, proportionate, effective and up to date.

Records of Protected Disclosures

An Authorised Person must maintain the following records in writing:

(a)

each Protected Disclosure received and all relevant supporting documents; and

(b)

information, including internal findings and analysis, relating to the Authorised Person’s investigation, assessment and determination of matters relevant to the Protected Disclosure.

3.4.6 The records referred to in Rule 3.4.5 must be maintained for a period of at least six years from the date that determination of all matters relevant to the Protected Disclosure have been completed and closed.

Guidance

Proportionate application to Authorised Persons depending on the nature of their business

1.

Those considerations set out in Guidance items 5 – 7 under Rule 3.3.41 apply equally to the way in which the Remuneration structure and strategies related requirement in Rule 3.3.42 is designed to apply to an Authorised Person. Accordingly, whilst most Category 4 Authorised Persons may have simple

23

GEN VER11.290725

arrangements to achieve the outcome of aligning performance outcomes and risks associated with Remuneration structure and strategies, Banks, Insurers and dealers are expected to have more stringent measures to address such risks.

Application to Branches and Groups

2.

As part of the flexible and proportionate application of corporate governance standards to Authorised Persons, whether an Authorised Person is a Branch or a Subsidiary within a Group is also taken into account. As such, the considerations noted in Guidance items 8 – 9 under Rule 3.3.41 apply equally to the application of the Remuneration related requirements for Branches and Groups. For example, where an Authorised Person is a member of a Group, its Governing Body should consider whether the Group wide policies, such as those relating to the Employees covered under the Remuneration strategy and the disclosure relating to Remuneration made at the Group level are adequate to meet its obligations under Rule 3.3.42.

Best practice relating to corporate governance

3.

In addition to the considerations noted above, best practice that an Authorised Person may adopt to promote sound Remuneration structure and strategies within the Authorised Person is set out as Guidance at Appendix 1.2. Where such best practice or any aspects thereof are not suited to a particular Authorised Person's business or structure, it may deviate from such best practice. The Regulator will expect the Authorised Person to demonstrate, upon request, what the deviations are and why such deviations are considered appropriate.

Disclosure of information relating to Remuneration structure and strategy

4.

The information which an Authorised Person provides to the Regulator relating to its Remuneration structure and strategies should be included in the annual report or accounting statements. The Regulator expects the annual report of Authorised Persons to include, at a minimum, information relating to:

a.

the decision making process used to determine the Authorised Person-wide Remuneration policy (such as by a Remuneration committee or an external consultant if any, or by the Governing Body);

b.

the most important elements of its Remuneration structure (such as, in the case of performance based Remuneration, the link between pay and performance and the relevant assessment criteria); and

c.

aggregate quantitative information on Remuneration of its Governing Body, the senior management, Persons Undertaking Key Control Functions and any Major Risk-Taking Employees.

5.

The Regulator may, pursuant to its supervisory powers, require additional information relating to the Remuneration structure and strategy of an Authorised Person to assess whether the general elements relating to Remuneration under Rule 3.3.42(1) are met by the Authorised Person. Any significant changes to the

24

GEN VER11.290725

Remuneration structure and strategy should also be notified to the Regulator before being implemented.

6.

The information included in the annual report is made available to the Regulator and the shareholders, and in the case of a listed company, to the public. The Governing Body of the Authorised Person should also consider what additional information should be included in the annual report. In the case of Banks, Insurers and dealers, more detailed disclosure of Remuneration structure and strategy and