 determining whether or not the particular conduct of an Approved Person complies with the Principles for Approved Persons, the Regulator will take account of whether that conduct is consistent with the requirements and standards relevant to their Authorised Person, their own role and the information available to them.

4.

An Approved Person breaching a Principle may indicate that an Approved Person is no longer fit and proper to perform the related function. The Authorised Person should consider suspending or withdrawing their status as an Approved Person on that basis and whether disciplinary action is warranted.

2.4

The Principles for Approved Persons

Principle 1 - Integrity

Each Approved Person must observe high standards of integrity and fair dealing in

carrying out every Controlled Function.

Principle 2 - Due skill, care and diligence

Each Approved Person must act with due skill, care and diligence in carrying out every

Controlled Function.

Principle 3 - Market conduct

Each Approved Person must observe proper standards of conduct in the ADGM Financial

System in carrying out every Controlled Function.

5

GEN VER11.290725

Principle 4 - Relations with the Regulator

Each Approved Person must deal with the Regulator in an open and co-operative manner and must disclose appropriately any information of which the Regulator would reasonably be expected to be notified.

Principle 5 - Management, systems and control

Each Approved Person who has significant responsibility must take reasonable care to ensure that the business of the Authorised Person for which they are responsible is organised so that it can be managed and controlled effectively.

Principle 6 - Compliance

Each Approved Person who has significant responsibility must take reasonable care to ensure that the business of the Authorised Person for which they are responsible complies with any Regulations or Rules.

6

GEN VER11.290725

3.

MANAGEMENT, SYSTEMS AND CONTROLS

3.1

Application

(1)

This Chapter applies to every Authorised Person with respect to the Regulated Activities carried on in or from ADGM.

(2)

It also applies in a Prudential Context to a Domestic Firm with respect to all its activities wherever they are carried on.

(3)

Rule 3.3 also applies to an Authorised Person in a Prudential Context with respect to its entire ADGM Branch's activities wherever they are carried on.

(4)

This Chapter does not apply to a Representative Office.

(5)

Rules 3.3.13, 3.3.14 and 3.3.15 do not apply to a Fund Manager of a Venture Capital Fund.

Guidance

1.

The purpose of this Chapter is to set out the requirements for the Governing Body and the senior management within an Authorised Person who are to take direct responsibility for the Authorised Person’s arrangements on matters likely to be of interest to the Regulator wherever they may give rise to risks to the Regulator's objectives or they affect the Regulator's functions under the Regulations and Rules. See also the requirements relating to organisation in Rules 3.3.2 and 3.3.3.

2.

In relation to an Authorised Person which is a Fund Manager or the Trustee, this Chapter should be read in conjunction with FUNDS and construed to take into account any Fund which the Authorised Person operates or for which it acts as the Trustee.

3.

In relation to an Authorised Person which carries on Islamic Financial Business in or from ADGM, this Chapter should be read in conjunction with IFR.

3.2

Allocation of significant responsibilities

Apportionment of significant responsibilities

An Authorised Person must apportion significant responsibilities between the members of its Governing Body and its senior management and maintain such apportionment in such a way that:

(1)

it meets the corporate governance requirements in Rule 3.3.41;

(2)

it is appropriate with regard to:

(i)

the nature, scale and complexity of the business of the Authorised Person; and

(ii)

the ability and qualifications of the responsible individuals;

7

GEN VER11.290725

(3)

it is clear who is responsible for which matters; and

(4)

the business of the Authorised Person can be adequately monitored and controlled by the Authorised Person’s Governing Body and senior management.

An Authorised Person must allocate to the Senior Executive Officer or to the individual holding equivalent responsibility for the conduct for the Authorised Person’s business or the