 in either or both of the following manners:

(1)

by maintaining hard copy records which are made available for inspection at the premises of the Regulator during normal business hours; or

(2)

by maintaining an electronic version of the records and making the information from those records available through the Regulator's website.

4.8

Communication with the Regulator

An Authorised Person and Recognised Body must ensure that any communication with

the Regulator is conducted in the English language.

43

GEN VER11.290725

5.

AUTHORISATION AND THRESHOLD CONDITIONS

5.1

Application

(1)

This Chapter applies, subject to (2), to every Person that is:

(a)

an Authorised Person;

(b)

an applicant for a Financial Services Permission;

(c)

an Approved Person;

(d)

an applicant for Approved Person status; or

(e)

a Controller of a Person referred to in (a) or (b).

(2)

This Chapter does not apply to Recognised Bodies or operators of a Representative Office.

(3)

Upon the granting of a Financial Services Permission to an applicant, such applicant will be required to satisfy the requirements of the provisions in this Chapter on an on-going basis.

Guidance

1.

This Chapter outlines the authorisation requirements for Authorised Persons and Approved Persons.

2.

The Regulator's requirements for authorisation of:

a.

Recognised Bodies are covered by MIR; and

b.

Representative Offices are covered by Chapter 9.

3.

This Chapter should be read in conjunction with the GPM which sets out the Regulator's general regulatory policy and processes. Some additional processes may be outlined in other Chapters of this Rulebook.

4.

The GPM sets out the Regulator's approach to the authorisation of Undertakings and individuals to conduct Regulated Activities or Controlled Functions, as the case may be.

44

GEN VER11.290725

5.2

Application for a Financial Services Permission

A Person who intends to carry on one or more Regulated Activities in or from ADGM must apply to the Regulator for a Financial Services Permission, in accordance with the provisions in this Rule. Where the Person becomes aware of a material change in circumstances that is reasonably likely to be relevant to such an application whilst it is under consideration by the Regulator, then it must inform the Regulator in writing of the change without delay.

(1)

The Regulator will only consider an application for a Financial Services Permission from a Person who, subject to (2), (3) and (4), is:

(a)

a Body Corporate; or

(b)

a Partnership;

and who is not a Recognised Body.

(2)

If the application is in respect of either or both of the following Regulated Activities:

(a)

Effecting Contracts of Insurance; or

(b)

Carrying Out Contracts of Insurance as Principal;

the applicant must be a Body Corporate.

(3)

If the application is in respect of the Regulated Activity of Accepting Deposits, the applicant must be a Body Corporate or a Partnership.

(4)

If the application is in respect of the Regulated Activity of Acting as the Trustee of an Investment Trust, the applicant must be a Body Corporate.

Guidance

The GPM sets out matters which the Regulator takes into consideration when making an assessment under Rule 5.2.2.

Carrying on service with or for a Retail Client

The following requirements must be met by an Authorised Person applying for a Financial

Services Permission to carry on a Regulated Activity with or for a Retail Client:

(1)

the applicant must have adequate systems and controls for carrying on Regulated Activities with or for a Retail Client;

(2)

the applicant must have adequate systems and controls (including policies and procedures) to ensure compliance with the requirements in COBS relevant to Retail Clients;

45

GEN VER11.290725

(3)

the applicant must have adequate systems and controls to ensure that its Employees remain competent and capable to perform the functions which are assigned to them, in particular, functions that involve dealing with Retail Clients; and

(4)

the applicant must have adequate Complaints handling policies and procedures.

Acting as a Trade Repository

The requirements in Appendix 2 must be met by an Authorised Person whose Financial Services Permission, or Recognised Body whose Recognition Order, includes a designation permitting the Authorised Person or Recognised Body to