 Person must have appropriate arrangements in place to ensure that an individual assessed as being competent under Rule 5.6.8 maintains his competence.

An Authorised Person must ensure, in the case of individuals seeking to perform the Controlled Functions of Senior Executive Officer, Money Laundering Reporting Officer or Compliance Officer that such individuals are able to demonstrate sufficient knowledge of relevant anti-money laundering requirements.

Guidance

In considering whether individuals have sufficient knowledge of relevant anti-money laundering requirements, the Authorised Person may be satisfied where the individual can demonstrate receipt of appropriate training specifically relevant to such requirements.

An Authorised Person must establish and maintain systems and controls which will

enable it to comply with Rules 5.6.7 to 5.6.10.

(1)

An Authorised Person must keep records of the assessment process undertaken for each individual under this Chapter.

(2)

These records must be kept for a minimum of six years from the date of the assessment.

6.

ACCOUNTING AND AUDITING

6.1

Application

This Chapter applies to every Authorised Person and Recognised Body other than a

Representative Office.

58

GEN VER11.290725

An Authorised Person or Recognised Body which is a Representative Office is hereby exempt from the requirements in section 189 of FSMR relating to the appointment of an Auditor.

Guidance

The Regulator has exercised its power under section 189 of FSMR to exempt an Authorised Person or Recognised Body which is a Representative Office from the requirements in that section. As a result, in accordance with the terms of section 189 FSMR, the Representative Office also does not need to comply with other requirements in Part 15 of FSMR.

6.2

Financial statements and financial reporting standards

Each Authorised Person and Recognised Body must prepare financial statements for

each financial year of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body.

Guidance

1.

IFR sets out specific disclosures an Authorised Person and Recognised Body must include in its financial statements when carrying on Islamic Financial Business.

2.

The financial statements prepared by an Authorised Person or Recognised Body which is a Branch may be the financial statements prepared for the Authorised Person or Recognised Body's head office.

Each Authorised Person and Recognised Body must, except as provided under Rule 6.2.3, prepare and maintain all financial statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS").

(1)

An Authorised Person specified in (2) may prepare and maintain its financial statements in accordance with IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Entities (SMEs) where that standard applies to it.

(2)

Authorised Persons specified for the purposes of (1) are:

(a)

an Authorised Person in Category 3B, Category 3C or Category 4, which does not hold or control Client Assets or Insurance Monies; and

(b)

an Authorised Person in Category 4 which is not authorised under its Financial Services Permission to carry on the Regulated Activity of Operating a Multilateral Trading Facility or Organised Trading Facility.

(3)

The Regulator may by written notice direct that a particular Authorised Person or a specified class of Authorised Person specified in (2) must prepare and maintain financial statements in accordance with IFRS rather than IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Entities.

(4)

The Regulator may by written notice vary or revoke a direction under (3).

59

GEN VER11.290725

(5)

The procedures in Part 21 of FSMR apply to a decision of the Regulator to give a direction under (3) to a particular Authorised Person.

(6)

If the Regulator decides to give a direction under (3) to a particular Authorised Person, the Authorised Person may refer the matter to the Appeals Panel for review.

Each Authorised Person and Recognised Body must:

(1)

if it is a Body Corporate, have its financial statements approved by the Directors and signed on their behalf by at least one of the Directors; or

(2)

if it is a Partnership, have its financial statements approved by the Partners and signed on their behalf by at least one of the Partners.

6.3

Accounting Records and Regulatory Returns

Each Authorised Person and Recognised Body must keep Accounting Records which are

sufficient to show and explain Transactions and are such as to:

(1)

be capable of