's logo must not be reproduced without express written permission from the Regulator and in accordance with any conditions for use.

(5)

Rules 4.4.1(1) to (4) also apply to the operation and administration of an Official List of Securities by a Recognised Body.

4.5

Location of offices

(1) Where an Authorised Person or a Recognised Body is a Body Corporate

incorporated in ADGM, its head office and registered office must be in ADGM.

(2)

Where an Authorised Person or a Recognised Body is a Partnership established under the Limited Liability Partnership Regulations or the Partnership Act 1890, its head office must be in ADGM.

(3)

An Applicant for a Financial Services Permission or for a Recognition Order must satisfy the FSRA that it will meet the requirements in this Rule when the Financial Services Permission or Recognition Order is granted.

Guidance

1.

In considering the location of an Authorised Person or Recognised Body's head office, the Regulator will judge matters on a case by case basis, having regard to the location of its Directors, Partners and Senior Management and to the main location of its day-to-day operational, control, management and administrative arrangements.

2.

An Authorised Person, Recognised Body or Applicant for a Financial Services Permission or for a Recognition Order which does not satisfy the Regulator with respect to the location of its offices will, on this point alone, not be considered fit and proper or able to satisfy the Recognition Requirements.

4.6

Close Links

(1)

Where an Authorised Person, Recognised Body or a Person who has submitted an application for authorisation to carry on one or more Regulated Activities has Close Links with another Person, the Regulator must be satisfied that those Close Links are not likely to prevent the effective supervision by the Regulator of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body.

(2)

In assessing whether the Close Links between an Authorised Person, Recognised body or a Person who has submitted an application under (1), with another person will not prevent the effective supervision by the Regulator of that Authorised Person, Recognised Body or Person, the Regulator will consider:

(a)

the nature of the relationship between the Authorised Person, Recognised Body or Person and the person with whom they have Close Links;

42

GEN VER11.290725

(b) whether those Close Links are, or that relationship is, likely to prevent the Regulator's effective supervision of the Authorised Person, Recognised Body or Person; and

(c)

if the person with whom the Authorised Person, Recognised Body or Person has Close Links laws, regulations or administrative provisions of a country, territory or jurisdiction other than ADGM, (the "Foreign Provisions"), whether those Foreign Provisions, or any deficiency in their enforcement, would prevent the Regulator's effective supervision of the Authorised Person, Recognised Body or Person.

is subject to the

(3)

If requested by the Regulator the Authorised Person or Recognised Body must submit a Close Links report or notification, in a form specified by the Regulator. This may be requested on an ad hoc or periodic basis.

Guidance

1.

Procedures for notification to the Regulator are set out in Rule 8.11.

2.

Under the fit and proper test for Authorised Persons and the requirements for a Financial Services Permission to be granted to Recognised Bodies, an Authorised Person or Recognised Body which does not satisfy the Regulator with respect of its Close Links will, on this point alone, not be considered fit and proper or able to satisfy the Recognition Requirements.

4.7

Public records

Maintenance and publication

The records required to be maintained and published by the Regulator pursuant to section 196 of FSMR shall be published and maintained in either or both of the following manners:

(1)

by maintaining hard copy records which are made available for inspection at the premises of the Regulator during normal business hours; or

(2)

by maintaining an electronic version of the records and making the information from those records available through the Regulator's website.

4.8

Communication with the Regulator

An Authorised Person and Recognised Body must ensure that any communication with

the Regulator is conducted in the English language.

43

GEN VER11.290725

5.

AUTHORISATION AND THRESHOLD CONDITIONS

5