1)

Each Authorised Person and Recognised Body must notify the Regulator immediately when it becomes aware, or has information that reasonably suggests, that it:

(a)

has or may have provided the Regulator with information which was or may have been false, misleading, incomplete or inaccurate; or

(b)

has or may have changed in a material particular.

(2)

Subject to (3), the notification in (1) must include details of the information which is or may be false or misleading, incomplete or inaccurate, or has or may have changed and an explanation why such information was or may have been provided and the correct information.

(3)

If the correct information in (2) cannot be submitted with the notification, it must be submitted as soon as reasonably possible.

8.10.13 In the case of an Insurer which is a Protected Cell Company or an Incorporated Cell Company, an Insurer must advise the Regulator immediately when it becomes aware of any actual or prospective significant change in the type or scale of the business conducted through a Cell, or the ownership of the Cell Shares.

Information relating to corporate governance and Remuneration

8.10.14 (1)

Subject to (2), an Authorised Person must provide to the Regulator notice of any significant changes to its corporate governance framework or the Remuneration structure or strategy as soon as practicable.

(2) An Authorised Person which is a Branch must provide notice of any significant changes to its corporate governance framework or the Remuneration structure or strategy only if the changes are relevant to the activities and operations of the Branch.

Guidance

1.

The purpose of these notifications is to ensure that the Regulator is informed of any significant changes to the Authorised Person's corporate governance framework and Remuneration structure and strategies.

2.

Significant changes that the Regulator expects Authorised Persons to notify to the Regulator pursuant to Rule 8.10.14 generally include:

a.

any major changes to the composition of the Governing Body;

b.

any changes relating to Persons Undertaking Key Control Functions, such as their removal or new appointments or changes in their reporting lines; and

95

GEN VER11.290725

c.

significant changes to the Remuneration structure that apply to the members of the Governing Body, senior management, Persons Undertaking Key Control Functions and Major Risk-Taking Employees.

3.

The Regulator expects Branches to provide to the Regulator notification of significant changes that are relevant to the Branch operations.

8.11 Provision of notifications and reports

(1)

Unless a Rule states otherwise, each Authorised Person must ensure that each notification or report it provides to the Regulator is:

(a)

in writing and contains the Authorised Person’s name and Financial Services Permission number; and

(b)

addressed for the attention of the department relevant to Authorised Persons and delivered to the Regulator by:

(i)

post to the current address of the Regulator;

(ii)

hand delivery to the current address of the Regulator;

(iii)

electronic mail to an address provided by the Regulator; or

(iv)

fax to a fax number provided by the Regulator.

(2)

In (1)(b) confirmation of receipt must be obtained.

8.12 Requirement to provide a report

This Rule applies to every Authorised Person and Recognised Body other than a

Representative Office.

Guidance

1.

Under section 203 of FSMR, the Regulator may require an Authorised Person or Recognised Body to provide it with a report on any matter. The Person appointed to make a report must be a Person nominated or approved by the Regulator. This Person will be referred to throughout the Rulebook as a "Skilled Person".

2.

When requesting a report under section 203 of FSMR, the Regulator may take into consideration the matters set out in the GPM.

Skilled person

(1)

The Regulator may, by sending a notice in writing, require an Authorised Person or Recognised Body to provide a report by a Skilled Person. The Regulator may require the report to be in whatever form it specifies in the notice.

96

GEN VER11.290725

(2)

The Regulator will give written notification to the Authorised Person or Recognised Body of the purpose of its report, its scope, the timetable for completion and any other relevant matters.

(3)

The Sk