ulator expects an update to be provided to the complainant in circumstances where the resolution of the Complaint is taking longer than 30 days.

Resolution of Complaints

Upon conclusion of an investigation of a Complaint, an Authorised Person must

promptly:

(1)

advise the complainant in writing of the resolution of the Complaint;

(2)

provide the complainant with clear terms of redress, if applicable; and

(3)

comply with the terms of redress if accepted by the complainant.

If the complainant is not satisfied with the terms of redress offered by the Authorised Person, the Authorised Person must inform the complainant of other avenues, if any, for resolution of the Complaint and provide him with the appropriate contact details upon request.

Guidance

Other avenues for resolution of a Complaint may include an external dispute resolution scheme, arbitration, the Appeals Panel or Court in ADGM.

Employees handling Complaints

Where appropriate, taking into account the nature, scale and complexity of an Authorised Person's business, an Authorised Person must ensure that any individual handling the Complaint is not or was not involved in the conduct of the Regulated Activity about which the Complaint has been made, and is able to handle the Complaint in a fair and impartial manner.

An Authorised Person must ensure that any individual responsible for handling the Complaint has sufficient authority to resolve the Complaint or has access to individuals with the necessary authority.

69

GEN VER11.290725

Complaints involving other Authorised Persons or Recognised Bodies

If an Authorised Person considers that another Authorised Person or a Recognised Body is entirely or partly responsible for the subject matter of a Complaint, it may refer the Complaint, or the relevant part of it, to the other Authorised Person or Recognised Body in accordance with Rule 7.2.10.

To refer a Complaint, an Authorised Person must:

(1)

inform the complainant promptly and in writing that it would like to refer the Complaint, either entirely or in part, to another Authorised Person or Recognised Body, and obtain the written consent of the complainant to do so;

(2)

if the complainant consents to the referral of the Complaint, refer the Complaint to the other Authorised Person or Recognised Body promptly and in writing;

(3)

inform the complainant promptly and in writing that the Complaint has been referred and include adequate contact details of any individual at the other Authorised Person or Recognised Body responsible for handling the Complaint; and

(4)

continue to deal with any part of the Complaint not referred to the other Authorised Person or Recognised Body, in accordance with this Chapter.

Retail Client awareness

An Authorised Person must ensure that a copy of its Complaints handling procedures is

available free of charge to any Retail Client upon request.

Retention of records

An Authorised Person must maintain a record of all Complaints made against it for a

minimum period of six years from the date of receipt of a Complaint.

The record maintained under Rule 7.2.12 must contain the name of the complainant, the substance of the Complaint, a record of the Authorised Person's response, and any other relevant correspondence or records, and the action taken by the Authorised Person to resolve each Complaint.

Systems and controls

In accordance with Rules 3.3.4 and 3.3.5, an Authorised Person must put in place adequate systems and controls in order for it to identify and remedy any recurring or systemic problems identified from Complaints.

Guidance

An Authorised Person should consider whether it is required to notify the Regulator, pursuant to Rule 8.10.6, of any recurring or systemic problems identified from Complaints.

70

GEN VER11.290725

Outsourcing

Guidance

An Authorised Person may outsource the administration of its Complaints handling procedures in accordance with Rules 3.3.31 and 3.3.32.

7.3

Complaints recording procedures for Professional Clients

An Authorised Person must have adequate policies and procedures in place for the

recording of Complaints made against it by Professional Clients.

An Authorised Person must maintain a record of any Complaint made against it for a

minimum period of six years from the date of receipt of the Complaint.

Guidance

Depending on the nature, scale and complexity of its business, it may be appropriate for