 for carrying out regular stress testing on credit, operational, market, and liquidity risks. The Governing Body should annually review the stress scenarios and take action to address any perceived issues arising from those reviews. The Governing Body may delegate certain responsibilities to designated senior management committees where appropriate, for example an Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO), as contemplated in PRU.

6.

The Governing Body should have appropriate practices and procedures for its own internal governance, and ensure that these are followed, and periodically reviewed to ensure their effectiveness and adequacy. These policies and procedures should cover a formal and transparent process for nomination, selection, and removal of the members of the Governing Body (see the GPM), and a specified term of office as appropriate to the roles and responsibilities of the member, particularly to ensure the objectivity of their decision making and judgment (see paragraph 11 of this Appendix). Appropriate succession planning should also form part of the Governing Body's internal governance practices.

7.

The Governing Body should meet sufficiently regularly to discharge its duties effectively. There should be a formal schedule of matters specifically reserved for its decision. The working procedures of the Governing Body should be well defined.

8.

The Governing Body should also ensure that when assessing the performance of the members of the Governing Body and its Senior Managers and Persons Undertaking Key Control Functions, the independence and objectivity of that process is achieved through appropriate mechanisms, such as the assignment of the performance assessment to an independent member (see paragraph 11 of this Appendix, and the GPM) of the Governing Body or a committee of the Governing Body (see paragraph 9A(c)).

Committees of the Governing Body

9.

To support the effective discharge of its responsibilities, the Governing Body should establish its committees as appropriate. The committees that a Governing Body may commonly establish, depending on the nature, scale and complexity of its business and operations, include the audit, risk nomination, remuneration and ethics/compliance committees. In some cases, an ALCO, as referenced in paragraph 5, will be a committee of the Governing Body rather than a management committee. Where committees are appointed, they should have clearly defined mandates, authority to carry out their respective functions, and the degree of independence and objectivity as appropriate to the role of the committee. Committees should be made up of members with the knowledge, skills, experience and independence appropriate to the nature of the committee.

9A.

If the functions of any committees are combined, the Governing Body should ensure such a combination does not compromise the integrity or effectiveness of

110

GEN VER11.290725

the functions so combined. In all cases, the Governing Body remains ultimately responsible for the matters delegated to any such committees.

a.

Audit Committee - An audit committee should include members with relevant skills and experience, including in the areas of audit practice, financial reporting and accounting and is responsible for, among other things:

i.

monitoring the integrity of the financial statements and reviewing significant financial reporting judgements contained in them;

ii.

reviewing internal financial controls and, unless expressly addressed by a separate risk committee or by the Governing Body itself, internal controls and risk management systems;

iii. monitoring and reviewing the effectiveness of the internal audit

function;

iv. making recommendations to the Governing Body in relation to the appointment, re-appointment, removal and terms of engagement, including remuneration, of the external auditor;

v.

reviewing and monitoring the external auditor's independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process;

vi.

developing and implementing policy on the engagement of the external auditor to supply non-audit services; and

vii.

reviewing the adequacy of arrangements by which staff may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters to ensure that arrangements are in place for the proportionate and independent investigation of such matters and for appropriate follow-up action.

b.

Risk committee - a risk committee is responsible for, among other things:

i.

advising the Governing Body on the overall risk appetite, overseeing senior management’s implementation of the risk management strategy, reporting on the risk culture, and interacting with and overseeing the risk management function;

ii.

overseeing the strategy of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body for:



the management of capital and liquidity; and



dealing with all the relevant risks;

iii.

ensuring