ised Person must observe high standards of integrity and fair dealing.

Principle 2 - Due skill, care and diligence

In conducting its business activities, an Authorised Person must act with due skill, care and diligence.

Principle 3 - Management, systems and controls

An Authorised Person must ensure that its affairs are managed effectively and responsibly by its senior management. An Authorised Person must have adequate systems and controls to ensure, as far as is reasonably practical, that it complies with the Regulations and Rules.

Principle 4 - Resources

An Authorised Person must maintain and be able to demonstrate the existence of adequate resources to conduct and manage its affairs. These include adequate financial and system resources as well as adequate and competent human resources.

Principle 5 - Market conduct

An Authorised Person must observe proper standards of conduct in the ADGM Financial

System.

3

GEN VER11.290725

Principle 6 - Information and interests

An Authorised Person must pay due regard to the interests of its Customers and

communicate information to them in a way which is clear, fair and not misleading.

Principle 7 - Conflicts of interest

An Authorised Person must take all reasonable steps to ensure that conflicts of interest between itself and its Customers, between its Employees and Customers and between one Customer and another are identified and then prevented or managed, or disclosed, in such a way that the interests of a Customer are not adversely affected.

Principle 8 - Suitability

An Authorised Person must take reasonable care to ensure the suitability of its Advice and discretionary decisions for Customers who are entitled to rely upon its judgment.

Principle 9 - Customer assets and money

Where an Authorised Person has control of or is otherwise responsible for assets or money belonging to a Customer which it is required to safeguard, it must arrange proper protection for them in accordance with the responsibility it has accepted.

Principle 10 - Relations with Regulators

An Authorised Person must deal with Regulators in an open and co-operative manner and keep the Regulator promptly informed of significant events or anything else relating to the Authorised Person of which the Regulator would reasonably expect to be notified.

Principle 11 - Compliance with high standards of corporate governance

An Authorised Person must have a corporate governance framework as appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of its business and structure, which is adequate to promote the sound and prudent management and oversight of the Authorised Person's business and to protect the interests of its Customers and stakeholders.

Guidance

framework encompasses structural and procedural Corporate governance arrangements such as systems, policies and practices that are put in place to promote good governance and include the specific measures required under Rule 3.3.41.

4

GEN VER11.290725

Principle 12 – Remuneration practices

An Authorised Person must have a Remuneration structure and strategies which are well aligned with the long term interests of the Authorised Person, and are appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of its business.

2.3

Principles for Approved Persons– application

The six Principles for Approved Persons set out in Rule 2.4 apply to every Approved

Person and in respect of every Controlled Function.

Guidance

1.

The Principles for Approved Persons do not apply to an Approved Person in respect of any other functions they may carry out, although their conduct in those functions may be relevant to their fitness and propriety.

2.

Breaching a Principle for Approved Persons may indicate that an Approved Person is no longer fit and proper to perform a Controlled Function. The Regulator may consider suspending or withdrawing Approved Person status on that basis.

3.

In those circumstances, the onus is on the Regulator to show that the Approved Person is culpable, taking into account the standard of conduct required under the Principle in question. In determining whether or not the particular conduct of an Approved Person complies with the Principles for Approved Persons, the Regulator will take account of whether that conduct is consistent with the requirements and standards relevant to their Authorised Person, their own role and the information available to them.

4.

An Approved Person breaching a Principle may indicate that an Approved Person is no longer fit and proper to perform the related function. The Authorised Person should consider suspending or withdrawing their status as an Approved Person on that basis and whether disciplinary action is warranted.

2.4

The Principles for Approved Persons

Principle 