 to ensure that arrangements are in place for the proportionate and independent investigation of such matters and for appropriate follow-up action.

b.

Risk committee - a risk committee is responsible for, among other things:

i.

advising the Governing Body on the overall risk appetite, overseeing senior management’s implementation of the risk management strategy, reporting on the risk culture, and interacting with and overseeing the risk management function;

ii.

overseeing the strategy of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body for:



the management of capital and liquidity; and



dealing with all the relevant risks;

iii.

ensuring that the strategy is consistent with the established risk appetite; and

iv.

receiving and reviewing regular reports about:

111

GEN VER11.290725



the Authorised Person’s or Recognised Body’s risk profile;



the risk profile in the light of the approved risk appetite and risk limits; and



any limit breaches and actions taken as a result of such breaches.

c.

Nomination committee - a nomination committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Governing Body for the appointment of new Directors, having assessed such individuals to ensure they are fit and proper with relevant knowledge, skills and expertise. The committee may also assess individuals to be appointed to senior management, including Approved Persons and Key Individuals. It should aim to ensure that the Governing Body is appropriately balanced with a view to the best interests of the entity. The committee may also assess the performance of the Governing Body and senior management.

d.

Remuneration committee - a remuneration committee is responsible for developing, adopting and overseeing a written Remuneration policy; see Appendix 1.2.

e.

Ethics/compliance committee - an ethics/compliance committee is responsible for overseeing the arrangements that are in place to support appropriate conduct of business by an Authorised Person or Recognised Body in line with the corporate values, professional standards and code of ethics referred to in paragraph 2 of this Appendix. This can include promoting proper decision-making, compliance with laws, regulations and internal rules relating to the conduct of business and due consideration of reputational risks associated with these that may arise.

Independence and objectivity

10.

The Governing Body should establish clear and objective independence criteria which should be met by a sufficient number of members of the Governing Body and any committees it establishes to promote objectivity and independence in decision making by the Governing Body, particularly the independence of the relevant chair.

11.

A Non-Executive Director will not be considered to be an Independent Non- Executive Director where one or more of the following criteria are met:

a.

they have already served as a member of the Governing Body for a significant period;

b.

they have been an Employee of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body or its Group within the last five years;

c.

they have or have had, within the last three years, a material business relationship with the Authorised Person or Recognised Body, either directly

112

GEN VER11.290725

or as a Partner, Shareholder, Director or senior Employee of another body that has such a relationship with that entity;

d.

they receive or have received, in the last three years, additional remuneration or payments from the Authorised Person or Recognised Body apart from a Director's fee, or participate in the Authorised Person’s or Recognised Body’s share option or performance-related pay scheme, or are a member of the Authorised Person’s or Recognised Body’s pension scheme;

e.

they are or have been a Director, Partner or Employee of a firm which is the Authorised Person's or Recognised Body’s external auditor;

f.

they have close family ties with any of the Authorised Person’s or Recognised Body’s advisers, Directors or senior Employees;

g.

they hold cross Directorships or have significant links with other Directors through involvement in other Companies or bodies;

h.

they represent a significant Shareholder.

Powers of the Governing Body

12.

To be able to discharge its role and responsibilities properly, the Governing Body should have adequate and well-defined powers, which are clearly set out either in the legislation or as part of the constituent Documents of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body (such as the constitution, articles of incorporation and organisational rules). These should, at a minimum, include the power to obtain timely and comprehensive information relating to the management of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body, including direct access