 apply to an Authorised Person that receives services directly from a third party or a subcontractor of a third party which involve accessing the Authorised Person’s IT Systems or Networks or accessing or processing its data.

Business continuity and disaster recovery

(1)

An Authorised Person must have in place adequate arrangements to ensure that they can continue to function and meet their obligations under the Regulations and Rules in the event of an unforeseen interruption.

(2)

These arrangements must be kept up to date and regularly tested to ensure their effectiveness.

Guidance

1.

In considering the adequacy of an Authorised Person's business continuity arrangements, the Regulator will have regard to the Authorised Person’s management of the Specific Risks arising from interruptions to its business including its crisis management and disaster recovery plans.

16

GEN VER11.290725

2.

The Regulator expects an Authorised Person to have:

a.

arrangements which establish and maintain the Authorised Person's physical security and protection for its information systems for business continuity purposes in the event of planned or unplanned information system interruption or other events that impact on its operations;

b.

considered its primary data centres' and business operations' reliance on infrastructure transportation, telecommunications networks and utilities and made the necessary arrangements to minimise the risk of interruption to its operations by arranging backup of infrastructure components and service providers; and

components,

for

example

c.

considered, in its plans for dealing with a major interruption to its primary data centre or business operations, its alternative data centres' and business operations' reliance on infrastructure components and made the necessary arrangements such that these do not rely on the same infrastructure components and the same service provider as the primary data centres and operations.

Records

(1)

An Authorised Person must make and retain records of matters and dealings, including Accounting Records and corporate governance practices which are the subject of requirements and standards under the Regulations and Rules.

(2)

Such records, however stored, must be capable of reproduction on paper within a reasonable period not exceeding three Business Days.

Subject to Rule 3.3.36, the records required by Rule 3.3.34 or by any other Rule in this

Rulebook must be maintained by the Authorised Person in the English language.

If an Authorised Person’s records relate to business carried on from an establishment in a country or territory outside ADGM, an official language of that country or territory may be used instead of the English language as required by Rule 3.3.35.

An Authorised Person must have systems and controls to fulfil the Authorised Person's legal and regulatory obligations with respect to adequacy, access, period of retention and security of records.

Fraud and other Financial Crimes

An Authorised Person must establish and maintain effective systems and controls to:

(1)

deter and prevent suspected fraud and other Financial Crimes against the Authorised Person and its Customers; and

(2)

report suspected fraud and other Financial Crimes to the relevant authorities.

17

GEN VER11.290725

An Authorised Person must ensure that the systems and controls established and

maintained in accordance with Rule 3.3.38:

(1)

enable it to identify, assess, monitor and manage Financial Crime risks; and

(2)

are comprehensive and proportionate to the nature, scale and complexity of its activities.

In identifying its exposure to risks arising from fraud and other Financial Crimes and implementing the necessary systems and controls to manage and reduce those risks, an Authorised Person must consider a range of factors, including:

(1)

its Customer, product and activity profiles;

(2)

its distribution channels;

(3)

the complexity and volume of its Transactions;

(4)

its processes and systems; and

(5)

its operating environment.

Guidance

An Authorised Person should observe best practices when establishing the systems and controls required under Rule 3.3.38, given the evolving nature of Financial Crime. Such practices may include, but are not limited to, incorporating secure authentication, biometrics and the monitoring of customer behaviour metrics into anti-fraud and anti- Financial Crime systems and controls.

Corporate Governance

3.3.41 (1)

An Authorised Person must have a Governing Body and senior management that meet the requirements in (2) and (3) respectively.

(2)

The Governing Body of the Authorised Person must:

(a)

be clearly responsible for setting or approving (or both) the