 Rule 3.5.16(4) should take into account current cyber threat intelligence as well as lessons learnt from previous events and be adjusted to account for new processes and services. Where the review is triggered by a material Cyber Incident (see Guidance item 1 under Rule 3.5.18), the Regulator expects an Authorised Person to assess whether established procedures were followed and whether actions taken were effective. It should also identify key lessons learnt with a view to improving future Cyber Incident response and recovery processes.

(1)

If a potential or actual Cyber Incident is detected, an Authorised Person must carry out an investigation to determine its nature and extent.

(2) While the investigation in (1) is ongoing, the Authorised Person must, where applicable, take immediate action to contain the situation to prevent further

37

GEN VER11.290725

damage and commence recovery processes based on its Cyber Incident Response Plan.

(3)

An Authorised Person must take reasonable care to resume its operations responsibly, including taking the following steps, where applicable:

(a)

eliminating all remaining harmful effects of the Cyber Incident;

(b)

restoring the affected elements of its IT System and Network;

(c)

recovering data affected by the Cyber Incident;

(d)

identifying and mitigating all vulnerabilities that were exploited by the Cyber Incident;

(e)

remediating vulnerabilities to prevent similar Cyber Incidents in the future; and

(f)

communicating appropriately internally and externally.

Notification

An Authorised Person must notify the Regulator immediately, and in any event no later than 24 hours, after it becomes aware or has information which reasonably suggests that a material Cyber Incident has occurred. Notification to the Regulator should use the prescribed incident reporting form available on the relevant electronic portal.

Guidance

1.

In determining whether a Cyber Incident is material, an Authorised Person should take into account whether the Cyber Incident:

a.

seriously affects Customer information;

b.

poses a material risk to Client Assets;

c.

has a severe or widespread impact on the Authorised Person’s operations;

d. materially impacts the Authorised Person’s provision of services to its

Customers;

e. may lead to material financial loss to the Authorised Person;

f.

may have a material reputational impact on the Authorised Person; or

g.

involves unauthorised intrusion into an Authorised Person’s critical IT Systems or Networks reflecting a weakness in systems and controls.

38

GEN VER11.290725

2.

The Regulator expects an Authorised Person to consider the need to report Cyber Incidents to other appropriate authorities, such as law enforcement agencies, the FIU or the ADGM Data Protection Commissioner.

3.

Rule 8.10.6 also sets out circumstances that require immediate notification to the Regulator.

39

GEN VER11.290725

4.

GENERAL PROVISIONS

4.1

Application

(1)

Rules 4.3,4.4 and 4.8 apply to every Authorised Person and Recognised Body.

(2)

Rules 4.5 and 4.6 apply to every Authorised Person, Recognised Body and Person who has submitted an application for authorisation to carry on one or more Regulated Activities.

(3)

Rule 4.7 applies to the Regulator.

(4)

This Chapter does not apply to a Representative Office.

4.2

Interpreting the Rulebook

Guidance

Interpretation

1.

Every provision in the Rulebook must be interpreted in the light of its purpose. The purpose of any provision is to be gathered first and foremost from the text of the provision in question and its context among other relevant provisions.

2.

When this Rule refers to a provision, this means every type of provision, including Rules and Guidance.

3.

Where reference is made in the Rulebook to another provision of the Rulebook or other Regulations and Rules, it is a reference to that provision as amended from time to time.

4.

Unless the contrary intention appears:

a.

words in the Rulebook importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender and words importing the feminine gender include the masculine; and

b.

words in the Rulebook in the singular include the plural and words in the plural include the singular.

5.

If a provision in the Rulebook refers to a communication, notice, agreement, or other Document 'in writing' then, unless the contrary intention appears, it