 of the Authorised Person.

(4)

An Authorised Person referred to in (3), must have complete and up to date information on its register or website, including:

(a)

the date on which the relevant Employee commenced delivering of Regulated Activities to Customers; and

(b)

the Regulated Activities which that Employee is permitted by the Authorised Person to deliver to Customers.

Guidance

1.

The term Employee is defined in the Glossary ("GLO") widely and includes members of the Governing Body or Directors and Senior Managers of the Authorised Person. Therefore, the requirements relating to Employees in

9

GEN VER11.290725

Rules 3.3.19, 3.3.20, 3.3.21 and 3.3.42 apply to all Employees including those across the organisation.

2.

The division of responsibilities between the Governing Body and the senior management should be clearly established and set out in writing. In assigning duties, the Governing Body should take care that no one individual has unfettered powers in making material decisions.

3.

Members of the Governing Body may include individuals undertaking senior management functions (such as the chief executive of the firm) and Persons Undertaking Key Control Functions. In assigning specific functions to such individuals, care should be taken to ensure that the integrity and effectiveness of the functions they are to perform are not compromised. For example, if the chairperson of the Governing Body is also the chief executive officer of the Authorised Person, the Governing Body should ensure that the performance assessment of that individual in his roles should be undertaken by a senior non-executive member of the Governing Body or a skilled person.

4.

Persons Undertaking Key Control Functions are defined in GLO in an inclusive manner to encompass Persons such as the heads of risk control, compliance and internal audit functions. In the case of an Insurer, the Actuary also is a Person who Undertakes a Key Control Function.

5.

An example of an Employee providing Regulated Activities to a Customer is a client relationship manager employed by an Authorised Person providing wealth management services. In contrast, an Employee who may be employed in the back office of an Authorised Person with responsibility for setting up Client Accounts would not be client facing.

An Authorised Person must ensure that key duties and functions are segregated. Such segregation must ensure that the duties and functions to be performed by the same individual do not conflict with each other, thereby impairing the effective discharge of those functions by the relevant individuals (such as undetected errors or any abuse of positions) and thus exposing the Authorised Person or its Customers or users to inappropriate risks.

Risk management

An Authorised Person must establish and maintain risk management systems and

controls to enable it to identify, assess, mitigate, control and monitor its risks.

An Authorised Person must develop, implement and maintain policies and procedures to manage the risks to which the Authorised Person and where applicable, its Customers or users, are exposed.

(1)

An Authorised Person must appoint an individual to advise its Governing Body and senior management of such risks.

(2)

An Authorised Person which is part of a Group should be aware of the implications of any Group wide risk policy and systems and controls regime.

10

GEN VER11.290725

Compliance

An Authorised Person must establish and maintain compliance arrangements, including processes and procedures that ensure and evidence, as far as reasonably practicable, that the Authorised Person complies with all Regulations and Rules.

An Authorised Person must document the organisation, responsibilities and procedures

of the compliance function.

An Authorised Person must ensure that the Compliance Officer has access to sufficient resources, including an adequate number of competent staff, to perform his duties objectively and independently of operational and business functions.

An Authorised Person must ensure that the Compliance Officer has unrestricted access to relevant records and to the Authorised Person's Governing Body and senior management.

An Authorised Person must establish and maintain monitoring and reporting processes and procedures to ensure that any compliance breaches are readily identified, reported and promptly acted upon.

An Authorised Person must document the monitoring and reporting processes and

procedures as well as keep records of breaches of any of Regulations and Rules.

Internal audit

(1)

An Authorised Person must establish and maintain an internal audit function with responsibility for monitoring the appropriateness and effectiveness of its systems and controls.

(2)

The internal audit function