 has unrestricted access to relevant records and to the Authorised Person's Governing Body and senior management.

An Authorised Person must establish and maintain monitoring and reporting processes and procedures to ensure that any compliance breaches are readily identified, reported and promptly acted upon.

An Authorised Person must document the monitoring and reporting processes and

procedures as well as keep records of breaches of any of Regulations and Rules.

Internal audit

(1)

An Authorised Person must establish and maintain an internal audit function with responsibility for monitoring the appropriateness and effectiveness of its systems and controls.

(2)

The internal audit function must be independent from operational and business functions.

An Authorised Person must ensure that its internal audit function has unrestricted access to all relevant records and recourse when needed to the Authorised Person's Governing Body or the relevant committee, established by its Governing Body for this purpose.

An Authorised Person must document the organisation, responsibilities and procedures

of the internal audit function.

Business plan and strategy

(1)

An Authorised Person must produce a business plan which enables it, amongst other things, to manage the risks to which it and its Customers are exposed.

(2)

The business plan must take into account the Authorised Person's current business activities and the business activities forecast for the next twelve months and, additionally, inform the IRAP and the ICAAP where the Authorised Person is required to undertake them under Chapter 10 of PRU.

11

GEN VER11.290725

(3)

The business plan must be documented and updated as appropriate to take account of changes in the business environment and to reflect changes in and the complexities of the business of the Authorised Person.

Management information

An Authorised Person must establish and maintain arrangements to provide its Governing Body and senior management with the information necessary to organise, monitor and control its activities, to comply with the Regulations and Rules and to manage risks. The information must be relevant, accurate, comprehensive, timely and reliable.

Staff and agents

An Authorised Person must establish and maintain systems and controls that enable it

to satisfy itself of the suitability of anyone who acts for it.

3.3.19 (1)

An Authorised Person must ensure, as far as reasonably practical, that its Employees are:

(a)

fit and proper;

(b)

competent and capable of performing the functions which are to be assigned to those Employees; and

(c)

trained in the requirements of the Regulations and Rules.

(2)

An Authorised Person must establish and maintain systems and controls to comply with (1). An Authorised Person must be able to demonstrate that it has complied with these requirements through appropriate measures, including the maintenance of relevant records.

Guidance

1.

When considering whether an Employee is fit and proper, competent and capable, an Authorised Person should consider any training undertaken or required by an Employee, the nature of the Clients to whom an Employee provides Regulated Activities, and the type of activities performed by an Employee in the provision of such Regulated Activities including any interface with Clients.

2.

When assessing the fitness and propriety of Employees, an Authorised Person should be guided by the matters set out in the GPM and should also monitor conflicts or potential conflicts of interest arising from all of the individual's links and activities.

3.

When assessing the competence and capability of an Employee, an Authorised Person should:

a.

obtain details of the skills, knowledge and experience of the Employee relevant to the nature and requirements of the role;

12

GEN VER11.290725

b.

take reasonable steps to verify the relevance, accuracy and authenticity of any information obtained;

c.

determine, in light of the Employee's relevant skills, knowledge and experience, that the Employee is competent and capable of fulfilling the duties of the role; and

d.

consider the level of responsibility that the Employee will assume within the Authorised Person, including whether the Employee will be providing Regulated Activities to Retail Clients in an interfacing role.

4.

An Authorised Person should also satisfy itself that an Employee:

a.

continues to be competent and capable of performing the role;

b.

has kept abreast of market, product, technology, legislative and regulatory developments that are relevant to the role, through training or other means; and

c.

is able to apply his knowledge.

5.

Refer to the GPM for criteria for suitability of members of the Governing Body of the Authorised Person.

Conduct