 (e.g. bonus) component, it may become difficult for the Authorised Person or Recognised Body to reduce or eliminate bonuses even in a poor performing financial year;

b.

there are clear and objective criteria for allocating performance based Remuneration (see below in Guidance point 8);

c.

there are appropriate adjustments for the material 'current' and 'future' risks associated with the performance of the relevant Employee, as the time horizon in which risks could manifest themselves may vary. For example, where practicable, the measurement of performance should be set in a multi-year framework. If this is not practicable, there should be deferral of vesting of the benefits or retention or claw-back arrangements applicable to such components as appropriate;

d.

there are appropriate prudential limits, consistent with the Authorised Person or Recognised Body's capital management strategy and its ability to maintain a sound capital base taking account of the internal capital targets or regulatory capital requirements;

e.

in the case of Employees involved in the distribution of financial products whose Remuneration is Commission based, there are adequate controls and monitoring to mitigate marketing which is solely Commission driven; and

f.

the use of guaranteed bonuses is generally avoided as such payments are not consistent with sound risk management and performance based rewards. However, there may be circumstances where such guaranteed bonuses may be paid to attract new Employees (for example to compensate bonuses forfeited from the previous employer).

116

GEN VER11.290725

Performance assessment

8.

The performance criteria applicable, particularly relating to the variable components of Remuneration, as well as the performance assessment against such criteria, contribute to the effectiveness of the use of performance based Remuneration. Therefore, the Governing Body should ensure that such criteria:

a.

are clearly defined and objectively measurable;

b.

include not only financial but also non-financial elements as appropriate (such as compliance with regulation and internal rules, achievement of risk management goals as well as compliance with market conduct standards and fair treatment of Customers);

c.

take account of not only the individual's performance, but also the performance of the business unit concerned and the overall results of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body and, if applicable, the Group; and

d.

do not treat growth or volume as an element in isolation from other performance measurements included in the criteria.

Severance payments

9.

Where an Authorised Person or Recognised Body provides discretionary payouts on termination of employment ("severance payments", also called "golden parachutes"), such payment should generally be subject to appropriate limits or shareholder approval. In any case, such payouts should be aligned with the Authorised Person or Recognised Body's overall financial condition and performance over an appropriate time horizon and should not be payable in the case of failure or threatened failure of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body, particularly to an individual whose actions may have contributed to the failure or potential failure of the Authorised Person or Recognised Body.

APP2 TRADE REPOSITORY

A2.1 Requirements applicable to Trade Repositories

Disclosure of market data by Trade Repositories

A2.1.1 A Trade Repository must provide data in line with regulatory and industry expectations to relevant regulatory authorities and the public. Such information must be comprehensive and at a level of detail sufficient to enhance market transparency and support other public policy objectives.

Guidance

1.

At a minimum, a Trade Repository should provide aggregate data on open positions and transaction volumes and values and categorised data (for example,

117

GEN VER11.290725

aggregated breakdowns of trading counterparties, Reference Entities, or currency breakdowns of products), as available and appropriate, to the public.

2.

Relevant regulatory authorities should be given access to additional data recorded in a Trade Repository, including participant-level data, as relevant to the respective mandates and legal responsibilities of the relevant regulatory authority (such as market regulation and surveillance, oversight of exchanges, and prudential supervision or prevention of market misconduct).

Processes and procedures

A2.1.2 A Trade Repository must have effective processes and procedures to provide data to relevant authorities in a timely and appropriate manner to enable them to meet their respective regulatory mandates and legal responsibilities.

Guidance

A Trade Repository should have procedures to facilitate enhanced monitoring, special actions, or official proceedings taken by relevant authorities in relation to data on troubled or failed participants by making relevant information in the Trade Repository available in a timely and effective manner. The provision of data