 in accordance with FUNDS;

in the

in

66

GEN VER11.290725

(2)

whether the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Fund, including the net income and the net gains or losses of the Fund Property, or, as the case may be, the Fund Property attributable to the Sub-Fund for the annual accounting period in question and the financial position of the Fund or Sub-Fund as at the end of the annual accounting period;

(3)

whether proper accounting records for the Fund, or as the case may be, Sub- Fund, have not been kept, or that the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns, or that the financial statements do not comply with the applicable financial reporting standards;

(4)

whether it has been given all the information and explanations which, to the best of its knowledge and belief, are necessary for the purposes of its audit;

(5)

whether the information given in the report of the Directors or in the report of the Fund Manager for that period is consistent with the financial statements; and

(6)

any other matter or opinion required by FUNDS.

Public Listed Company Auditor's Report

An Authorised Person or Recognised Body, in procuring the production of a Public Listed Company Auditor's Report, must ensure that an Auditor states whether the financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with MKT.

67

GEN VER11.290725

7.

COMPLAINTS HANDLING AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION

7.1

Application

This Chapter applies to every Authorised Person, other than a Representative Office and a Credit Rating Agency, carrying on a Regulated Activity in or from ADGM as follows:

(1) Rule 7.2 applies to an Authorised Person carrying on a Regulated Activity with or for

a Retail Client; and

(2) Rule 7.3 applies to an Authorised Person carrying on a Regulated Activity with or for

a Professional Client.

7.2

Complaints handling procedures for Retail Clients

Written Complaints handling procedures

An Authorised Person must have adequate policies and procedures in place for the investigation and resolution of Complaints made against it by Retail Clients, and the manner of redress (including compensation for acts or omissions of the Authorised Person).

The policies and procedures for handling Complaints must be in writing and provide that

Complaints are handled fairly, consistently and promptly.

Guidance

1.

In establishing adequate Complaints handling policies and procedures, an Authorised Person should have regard to:

a.

the nature, scale and complexity of its business; and

b.

its size and organisational structure.

2.

An Authorised Person should consider its obligations under Rule 3.3.19 and accompanying guidance.

3.

The Regulator considers 60 days from the receipt of a Complaint to be an appropriate period in which an Authorised Person should be able to resolve most Complaints.

On receipt of a Complaint, an Authorised Person must:

(1)

acknowledge the Complaint promptly in writing;

(2)

provide the complainant with:

(i)

the contact details of any individual responsible for handling the Complaint;

(ii)

key particulars of the Authorised Person's Complaints handling procedures; and

68

GEN VER11.290725

(iii) a statement that a copy of the procedures is available free of charge upon

request in accordance with Rule 7.2.11; and

(3)

consider the subject matter of the Complaint.

Where appropriate, an Authorised Person must update the complainant on the progress

of the handling of the Complaint.

Guidance

1.

The Regulator considers seven days to be an adequate period in which an Authorised Person should be able to acknowledge most Complaints.

2.

The Regulator expects an update to be provided to the complainant in circumstances where the resolution of the Complaint is taking longer than 30 days.

Resolution of Complaints

Upon conclusion of an investigation of a Complaint, an Authorised Person must

promptly:

(1)

advise the complainant in writing of the resolution of the Complaint;

(2)

provide the complainant with clear terms of redress, if applicable; and

(3)

comply with the terms of redress if accepted by the complainant.

If the complainant is not satisfied with the terms of redress offered by the