BS relevant to Retail Clients;

45

GEN VER11.290725

(3)

the applicant must have adequate systems and controls to ensure that its Employees remain competent and capable to perform the functions which are assigned to them, in particular, functions that involve dealing with Retail Clients; and

(4)

the applicant must have adequate Complaints handling policies and procedures.

Acting as a Trade Repository

The requirements in Appendix 2 must be met by an Authorised Person whose Financial Services Permission, or Recognised Body whose Recognition Order, includes a designation permitting the Authorised Person or Recognised Body to maintain a Trade Repository.

Guidance

1.

Maintaining a Trade Repository is not a separate Regulated Activity but may be carried on by an Authorised Person or Recognised Body which has a Financial Services Permission, or Recognition Order with a designation permitting it to do so. An Authorised Person or Recognised Body maintaining a Trade Repository is subject to some specific requirements relating to that activity, which are set out in Appendix 2.

2.

The functions of a Trade Repository promote increased transparency and integrity of information, particularly for centrally cleared OTC Derivatives. Transaction reporting requirements in ADGM exist in section 146 of FSMR which require reporting to Trade Repositories. These requirements are yet to be triggered by the Regulator.

3.

An Authorised Person or Recognised Body does not carry on the activities of a Trade Repository to the extent that it maintains records of transactions pursuant to the record keeping requirements applicable to that Authorised Person or Recognised Body (such as those relating to transactions carried out on behalf of the Authorised Person’s Clients, or transactions carried out on the facilities of a Recognised Body).

Persons Licensed by the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority

A Person licensed by the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority to trade on an UAE exchange will not be granted a Financial Services Permission by the Regulator unless that Person has the prior approval of the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority.

A Person applying for a Financial Services Permission must make an application in such

form as the Regulator shall prescribe.

Guidance

A Person submitting an application under Rule 5.2.6 is required to:

a.

pay the appropriate application fee as set out in FEES; and

46

GEN VER11.290725

b.

include information relating to its Controllers, completed by the relevant Controllers themselves, in such form as the Regulator shall prescribe.

Consideration and assessment of applications

In order to become authorised to carry on one or more Regulated Activities, the applicant must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Regulator that it:

(1)

has adequate and appropriate resources, including financial resources;

(2)

is fit and proper;

(3)

is capable of being effectively supervised; and

(4)

has adequate compliance arrangements, including policies and procedures, that will enable it to comply with all the applicable legal requirements, including the Rules.

Adequate and appropriate resources

(1)

In assessing whether an applicant has adequate and appropriate financial resources, the Regulator will consider:

(a)

how the applicant will comply with the applicable provisions of PRU, COBS and PIN;

(b)

the provision the applicant makes, or, if the applicant is a member of a Group, which other members of the Group make, in respect of any liabilities, including contingent and future liabilities;

(c)

the means by which the applicant or, if the applicant is a member of a Group, by which other members of the Group manage the incidence of risk in connection with their business;

(d)

the rationale for, and basis of, the applicant's business plan;

(e) whether the applicant's assets are appropriate given the applicant's

liabilities;

(f)

the liquidity of the applicant's financial resources;

(g)

the nature and scale of the business which will be carried on by the applicant;

(h)

the risks to the continuity of the services which will be provided by the applicant;

(i)

the applicant's membership of a Group and any effect which that membership may have;

(j)

whether the applicant is capable of meeting its debts as they fall due; and

47

GEN VER11.290725

(k)

any other relevant matters.

(2)

In assessing whether an applicant has adequate and appropriate non-financial resources, the Regulator will consider:

(a)

the skills and experience of those who will manage the applicant's affairs;

(b)

the applicant's willingness and ability to value