 and (3) to every Authorised Person in accordance with Rules 2.1.2 and 2.1.3.

1

GEN VER11.290725

(2)

The twelve Principles for Authorised Persons, set out in Rule 2.2, do not apply to an Authorised Person which is a Representative Office.

(3)

An Authorised Person which is a Credit Rating Agency does not have to comply with the Principles set out in Rules 2.2.6, 2.2.7, 2.2.8 and 2.2.9.

(1)

For the purposes of this Rule and Rule 2.1.3 the term 'Activities' means:

(a)

a Regulated Activity;

(b)

activities carried on in connection with a Regulated Activity;

(c)

activities held out as being for the purpose of a Regulated Activity; and

(d)

in relation to any particular Principle, any activity specified in 2.1.3(2), (3) and (4).

(2)

Principles 3 and 4 also apply in a Prudential Context to an Authorised Person with respect to the carrying on of all its Activities.

(3)

Principles 3 and 4 also take into account any Activities of other members of the Group of which the Authorised Person is a member.

(4)

Principles 10 and 11, to the extent that it relates to disclosing to the Regulator, also applies to an Authorised Person with respect to the carrying on of all its Activities, and takes into account any Activities of other members of the Group of which the Authorised Person is a member.

(1)

The Principles apply to an Authorised Person only with respect to Activities carried on from an establishment maintained by it in ADGM, unless an extension in (2), (3), (4) or (5) applies.

(2)

Where another applicable Rule, which is relevant to the Activity, has a wider territorial scope than that in (1), any related Principle applies with that wider scope in relation to the Activity described in the Rule.

(3)

Principles 1, 2 and 3 apply in a Prudential Context to an Authorised Person with respect to Activities wherever they are carried on.

(4)

Principles 4 and 11 apply to an Authorised Person with respect to Activities wherever they are carried on.

(5)

Principle 5 also applies to an Authorised Person with respect to the Activities carried on in or from any place outside ADGM if and to the extent that the Activities have, or might reasonably be regarded as likely to have, a negative effect on confidence in the ADGM Financial System.

2

GEN VER11.290725

Guidance

1.

The Principles for Authorised Persons have the status of Rules and are a general statement of fundamental regulatory requirements which apply alongside the other Rules and also in new or unforeseen situations which may not be covered elsewhere by a specific Rule. Rules in other areas of the Rulebook build upon these fundamental principles. Consequently the Rules and Guidance elsewhere in the Rulebook should not be seen as exhausting the implications of the Principles.

2.

Breaching a Principle for Authorised Persons makes an Authorised Person liable to disciplinary action, and may indicate that it is no longer fit and proper to carry on a Regulated Activity or to hold a Financial Services Permission and the Regulator may consider withdrawing authorisation or the Financial Services Permission on that basis.

3.

The onus will be on the Regulator to show that the Authorised Person has been at fault in some way, taking into account the standard of conduct required under the Principle in question.

2.2

The Principles for Authorised Persons

Principle 1 - Integrity

An Authorised Person must observe high standards of integrity and fair dealing.

Principle 2 - Due skill, care and diligence

In conducting its business activities, an Authorised Person must act with due skill, care and diligence.

Principle 3 - Management, systems and controls

An Authorised Person must ensure that its affairs are managed effectively and responsibly by its senior management. An Authorised Person must have adequate systems and controls to ensure, as far as is reasonably practical, that it complies with the Regulations and Rules.

Principle 4 - Resources

An Authorised Person must maintain and be able