 has made appropriate arrangements for the transfer of business to a new Trust Service Provider and the appointment, where necessary, of new trustees.

Guidance

When considering a withdrawal of a Financial Services Permission, the Regulator takes into account a number of matters including those outlined in the GPM.

8.5

Changes to an Approved Person status

Guidance

This Rule addresses applications or requests regarding Approved Persons with respect to Parts 3, 4 and 5 of FSMR.

An application to extend the scope of an Approved Person status to other Controlled Functions may be made by the Authorised Person by submitting an application in such form as the Regulator shall prescribe. Applicants for extension of scope of Approved Person status must countersign or otherwise consent to an application.

An Authorised Person requesting:

(1)

the imposition, variation or withdrawal of a condition or restriction;

(2) withdrawal of Approved Person status; or

(3) withdrawal of authorisation in relation to one or more Controlled Functions;

must, subject to Rule 8.5.3, for (1) submit such request in writing to the Regulator and for (2) and (3) submit a request in such form as the Regulator as applicable, shall prescribe.

A request for the variation or withdrawal of a condition or restriction may only be made after the expiry of any period within which a reference to the Court relating to the relevant condition or restriction may commence under Part 19 of FSMR.

76

GEN VER11.290725

Guidance

In considering the suitability of such an application or request the Regulator or relevant Authorised Person, as applicable, may take into account any matter referred to in GPM with respect to fitness and propriety for Approved Persons.

8.6

Temporary cover

(1)

An Authorised Person may, subject to (2), appoint an individual who is not an Approved Person to carry out the functions of an Approved Person, where the following conditions are met:

(a)

the absence of the Approved Person is temporary or reasonably unforeseen;

(b)

the functions are carried out for a maximum of twelve weeks in any consecutive twelve months; and

(c)

the Authorised Person has assessed that the individual has the relevant skills and experience to carry out these functions.

(2)

An Authorised Person may not appoint under (1) an individual to carry out the Controlled Functions of a Licensed Director or Licensed Partner.

(3)

The Authorised Person must take reasonable steps to ensure that the individual complies with all the Rules applicable to Approved Persons.

(4)

Where an individual is appointed as an Approved Person under this Rule, the Authorised Person must notify the Regulator in writing of the name and contact details of the individual appointed.

Where an individual is appointed under this Rule, the Regulator may exercise any powers it would otherwise be entitled to exercise as if the individual held Approved Person status.

8.7 Withdrawal of Approved Person status

An Authorised Person must request the withdrawal of an Approved Person status within seven days of the Approved Person ceasing to be employed by the Authorised Person to perform a Controlled Function.

In requesting the withdrawal of an Approved Person status in respect of an Approved Person performing any Controlled Functions, the Authorised Person must also submit a request to the Regulator in such form as the Regulator shall prescribe. This request shall include details of any circumstances where the Authorised Person may consider that the individual is no longer fit and proper.

If an Approved Person is dismissed or requested to resign in accordance with Rule 8.7.2, a statement of the reason, or reasons, for the dismissal or resignation must be given to the Regulator by the Authorised Person.

77

GEN VER11.290725

If the Approved Person was acting as a trustee, the Trust Service Provider must confirm to the Regulator in writing that a new trustee has been appointed in place of the trustee in question.

8.8

Changes relating to control

(1)

This Rule applies, subject to (2) and (3), to:

(a)

an Authorised Person or Recognised Body; or

(b)

a Person who is, or is proposing to become, a Controller specified in Rule 8.8.2.

(2)

This Chapter does not apply to a Representative Office or a Person who is a Controller of such a Representative Office.

(3)

A Credit Rating Agency must comply with the requirements in this Rule as if