 be liable in damages for anything done or omitted in the discharge or purported discharge of his or her functions as temporary administrator under these Regulations unless it is shown that the act or omission was in bad faith or fraudulent.

(12)

A temporary administrator shall not be deemed to be a Director, Shadow Director, partner, member, or de facto director of the Institution.

(13)

The Regulator shall have the exclusive power to appoint, remove, or vary the terms of engagement of, a temporary administrator, and may do so at any time.

20.

Application of early intervention measures and appointment of temporary administrator to Groups

Where the conditions for the application of a measure under section 18 or the appointment of a temporary administrator in accordance with section 19 are met in relation to an ADGM Parent Institution, the Regulator shall decide whether to apply a measure under section 18 or appoint a temporary administrator under section 19 in respect of the relevant ADGM Parent Institution, taking into account the impact of those measures on any Group Entities or significant Branches. In doing so, the Regulator may consult the supervisory authorities and resolution authorities of the jurisdictions in which any Group Entities or Branches are located.

Resolution Matters

Chapter 1 Objectives, Resolution Conditions and General Resolution Principles

21.

Resolution Objectives

(1)

In applying the Resolution Tools and exercising the Resolution Powers, the Regulator shall have regard to the Resolution Objectives specified in subsection (2) and shall choose the Resolution Tools and Resolution Powers that in its view best achieve the Resolution Objectives that are relevant in the circumstances.

(2)

The Resolution Objectives shall include all the Guiding Principles and the following additional considerations specific to Resolution—

(a)

protection of Depositors (including Eligible Depositors) and investors, to the extent protected by law or compensation scheme; and

(b)

protection of Client Assets.

(3)

Unless otherwise stated in these Regulations, the Resolution Objectives are each of equal significance and are to be balanced as appropriate in each case.

(4)

A person exercising a resolution function under these Regulations shall have regard to the Resolution Objectives if they are relevant to that function.

(5)

In pursuing the Resolution Objectives, the Regulator shall seek to avoid the destruction of value unless it is reasonable to achieve the Resolution Objectives.

24

22.

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

Resolution Conditions

A Resolution Action may be taken in respect of an Investment Firm or Recognised Clearing House only if the Regulator is satisfied that the following conditions are met—

(a)

the Investment Firm or Recognised Clearing House is failing or is likely to fail;

(b)

having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, it is not reasonably likely that any action (except the application of a Resolution Tool or exercise of a Resolution Power) will be taken by or in respect of the Investment Firm or Recognised Clearing House that will prevent the failure or likely failure of the Investment Firm or Recognised Clearing House; and

(c)

the application of a Resolution Tool is in the public interest.

Notwithstanding subsection (1), where an Institution is a Group Entity, a Resolution Action may be taken in respect of the Institution if the Regulator is satisfied that the following conditions are met—

(a)

while the Institution does not in isolation meet the conditions set out in subsection (1), the conditions set out in subsection (1) are met in relation to another Group Entity in the Institution's Group (regardless of whether the other Group Entities in the Group also meet the Resolution Conditions); and

(b)

the failure or likely failure of the Group Entity that meets the conditions set out in subsection (1) would have adverse consequences for the Institution which would likely cause the Institution to meet the conditions set out in subsection (1) in the future.

A Resolution Action may be taken in respect of an ADGM Branch only if the Regulator is satisfied that the following conditions are met—

(a)

the ADGM Branch is failing or is likely to fail;

(b)

having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, it is not reasonably likely that any action will be taken by or in respect of the ADGM Branch or Non-ADGM Institution that will prevent the failure or likely failure of the ADGM Branch or Non- ADGM Institution;

(c)

the application of a Resolution Tool is in the public interest; and

(d)

the Non-ADGM Institution is—

(i)

