.

(3)

Subject to subsection (2)(b), the principles in subsection (2) shall not prevent the Regulator from soliciting particular potential purchasers.

(4)

The Regulator may apply the Sale of Business Tool to an Institution without complying with the requirement to market under subsection (1)(a) if the Regulator determines that compliance with such requirements would be likely to undermine one or more of the Resolution Objectives and, in particular, if the Regulator considers that compliance with the

41

requirements would be likely to undermine the effectiveness of the Sale of Business Tool in addressing the failure or likely failure identified under section 23 or achieving the Resolution Objectives.

47.

Delay of disclosure of information to the public on application of the Sale of Business Tool

On application of the Sale of Business Tool to an Institution—

(a)

disclosure of information to the public which would as a matter of law be required in relation to the sale may be delayed for the time necessary to plan and structure the Resolution of the Institution; and

(b)

disclosure to the public of the marketing which would as a matter of law be required may be delayed where all of the following conditions are met—

(i)

immediate disclosure is likely to prejudice the legitimate interests of the Institution in Resolution;

(ii)

delay of disclosure is in the public interest; and

(iii)

the disclosure of the marketing information entails a risk of undermining the financial stability of—

(A)

the Institution in Resolution;

(B)

in the case of an ADGM Branch, the Non-ADGM Institution; and

(C)

the financial system in the ADGM.

48.

Residual Institution to be Wound Up

If the Sale of Business Tool has been used to transfer systemically important services or the viable business of an Institution, to a private sector purchaser, the Residual Institution shall be Wound Up under Insolvency Proceedings, within an appropriate timeframe, having regard to any need for the Residual Institution to provide services or support to enable the purchaser to carry on the activities or services acquired by the virtue of that transfer.

Chapter 2 Bail-in-tool

49.

Application of Bail-in Tool

(1)

The Regulator may apply the Bail-in Tool only in relation to an Institution that is not an ADGM Branch. The Bail-in Tool may be exercised only to meet the Resolution Objectives, in accordance with the General Resolution Principles, for any of the following purposes—

(a)

to recapitalise an Institution that meets the Resolution Conditions to the extent sufficient to restore the Institution's ability to comply with the Threshold Conditions or Recognition Requirements as applicable and continue to carry out the activities for which the Institution is authorised, or recognised under the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015, and to sustain sufficient market confidence in the Institution; or

42

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(b)

to convert to Shares or reduce the principal amount of claims or Debt Instruments that are transferred under the Sale of Business Tool.

The Regulator may under subsection (1) make one or more Resolution Orders in order to apply the Bail-in Tool to an Institution that is not an ADGM Branch.

The Regulator may apply the Bail-in Tool for the purposes referred to in subsection (1)(a) only if there is a reasonable prospect that the application of the Bail-in Tool together with other relevant measures will, in addition to achieving the relevant Resolution Objectives, restore the Institution to financial soundness and long-term viability.

Where there is no such reasonable prospect as referred to in to subsection (3), the Regulator may apply the Bail-in Tool for the purposes referred to in subsection (1)(b) together with Sale of Business Tool.

The Regulator may apply the Bail-in Tool under subsection (1) while respecting, in each case, the legal form of the Institution or while changing its legal form if the Regulator is of the view that changing the legal form is necessary to achieve the Resolution Objectives.

The Bail-in Tool may be applied in respect of any liability of an Institution, provided that the liability is not excluded from the scope of the Bail-in Tool under subsection (1), (7) or (8).

The Regulator shall not exercise the Write Down or Conversion Power in relation to the following liabilities whether they are governed by the laws of the ADGM or by the law of another jurisdiction—

(a)

secured liabilities (including, but not limited to, Covered