 Business Reorganisation Plan.

Within one month after the application of the Bail-in Tool to an Institution, the Management of the Institution shall draw up and submit to the Regulator a Business Reorganisation Plan that satisfies the requirements in subsection (6).

Where the Bail-in Tool is applied to two or more Group Entities, including where a Foreign Resolution Order has been made, a Group level Business Reorganisation Plan may be accepted by the Regulator for the purpose of this section.

In exceptional circumstances, and if it is necessary for achieving the Resolution Objectives, the Regulator may extend the period in subsection (3) up to a maximum of two months from the date of the application of the Bail-in Tool.

A Business Reorganisation Plan shall contain at least the following—

(a)

a detailed diagnosis of the factors and problems that caused the Institution to fail or to be likely to fail and the circumstances that led to its difficulties;

48

(b)

a description of the measures aiming to restore the long-term viability of the Institution or parts of its business that are to be adopted, on the basis of realistic assumptions as to the economic and financial market conditions under which the Institution will operate; and

(c)

a timescale for the implementation of those measures.

(7)

Measures aiming to restore the long-term viability of the Institution under subsection (6) may include—

(a)

the reorganisation of the activities of the Institution;

(b)

changes to the operational systems and infrastructure within the Institution;

(c)

the withdrawal from loss-making activities;

(d)

the restructuring of existing activities that can be made competitive; and

(e)

the sale of assets or business lines.

(8)

The Business Reorganisation Plan shall take account of, amongst other items, the current state and future prospects of the financial markets, reflecting best-case and worst-case assumptions, including a combination of events allowing the identification of the Institution's main vulnerabilities. Assumptions shall be compared with appropriate sector-wide benchmarks.

(9)

Within one month of the submission of the Business Reorganisation Plan, the Regulator shall assess the likelihood that the Business Reorganisation Plan, if implemented, would be likely to restore the long-term viability of the Institution.

(10)

Pursuant to an assessment under subsection (8), if the Regulator is satisfied that the Business Reorganisation Plan would be likely to restore the long-term viability of the Institution, the Regulator shall approve the plan.

(11)

Pursuant to an assessment, if the Regulator is not satisfied that the Business Reorganisation Plan would be likely to restore the long term viability of the Institution, the Regulator shall notify the Management of the Institution or persons appointed under subsection (2) of its concerns and require the amendment of the Business Reorganisation Plan in a way that will address those concerns.

(12) Within two weeks of receiving a notification by the Regulator under subsection (11), the Management of the Institution or persons appointed under subsection (2) shall submit an amended Business Reorganisation Plan to the Regulator for approval.

(13)

The Regulator shall assess the amended Business Reorganisation Plan submitted under subsection (12) and shall notify the Management of the Institution or persons appointed under subsection (2) within one week as to whether the Regulator is satisfied that the amended Business Reorganisation Plan addresses the concerns notified or whether further amendment is required.

(14)

The Management of the Institution or persons appointed under subsection (2) shall implement the Business Reorganisation Plan as approved by the Regulator, and shall submit

49

(15)

56.

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

a report to the Regulator at least every six months on the progress of the implementation of the Business Reorganisation Plan until such time as the Regulator may determine.

A Business Reorganisation Plan may be further amended following its initial implementation if the Regulator is of the view that changes to the plan are required to achieve the long-term viability of the Institution.

Ancillary provisions relating to bail-in

Where the Regulator exercises the Write Down or Conversion Power, such write down or conversion shall take effect and be immediately binding on the Institution in Resolution and Affected Creditors and Shareholders of the Institution in Resolution.

The Regulator may complete or cause the completion of all administrative and procedural tasks necessary to give effect to the Write Down or Conversion Power including—

(a)

the amendment of all relevant registers;

(b)

the delisting or removal from trading of Shares