 Resolution Objectives.

means—

(a)

the decision to place an Institution that satisfies the Resolution Conditions in Resolution;

(b)

the application of a Resolution Tool; or

(c)

the exercise of one or more Resolution Powers.

means the conditions set out in section 22.

means the order setting out the decision of the Regulator regarding the Resolution of an Institution.

means the resolution objectives specified in section 21.

means an Individual Resolution Plan or a Group Resolution Plan.

means any of the powers under section 58.

means a safeguard set out under sections 67 to 75.

means the Sale of Business Tool and Bail-in Tool.

means transferring rights, assets, liabilities or Shares, of an Institution in Resolution to a purchaser in accordance with section 42(1).

means a liability where the right of the creditor to payment or other form of performance is secured by a Collateral Arrangement.

11

Shadow Director

has the meaning given to that term under section 147 of the Companies Regulations 2015.

Shareholders

means holders of Shares.

Shares

means shares, instruments that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares, and instruments representing interests instruments conferring voting rights, control or equity in a body corporate.

in shares and the corporate

Share Transfer Order

means an order for the transfer of Shares.

Subsidiary

has the meaning given to that term under section 1015 of the Companies Regulations 2015.

Threshold Conditions

has the meaning given to that term in section 7(2) of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015.

Tier 1 Capital

means the sum of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and Additional Tier 1 Capital.

Tier 2 Capital

means capital instruments or subordinated loans that meet the conditions for "T2 Capital" laid down in the Rules made by the Regulator.

Title Transfer Collateral Arrangement has the meaning given to that term under section 298 of

the Insolvency Regulations 2015.

Transfer Power

means the power to transfer Shares, Debt Instruments, rights, assets or liabilities, or any combination of those items, from an Institution in Resolution to a Recipient.

UAE

means the United Arab Emirates.

Winding Up

means, in relation to an Institution, the realisation of the assets of the Institution and the distribution of the proceeds of such realisation to those entitled to receive them under ADGM Insolvency Regulations.

Write Down or Conversion Power

means the write down or conversion power under sections 64 and 66.

2.

Application

(1)

These Regulations apply to—

(a)

Investment Firms;

(b)

Recognised Clearing Houses;

(c)

ADGM Parent Undertakings;

12

(2)

3.

(1)

(2)

4.

(1)

(2)

5.

(1)

(d)

ADGM Subsidiaries; and

(e)

ADGM Branches.

For the purposes of these Regulations, an Institution does not cease to be an Institution if it no longer holds a Financial Services Permission or recognition order as an Investment Firm or a Recognised Clearing House as a result of a Resolution Action.

The Regulator

Functions and powers of the Regulator

The Regulator shall carry out such functions and shall have such powers as are conferred on it by or under the ADGM Founding Law and any enactment, including these Regulations.

The Regulator may do whatever it considers necessary for or in connection with, or reasonably incidental to, performing its functions and exercising its powers.

Guiding Principles

In performing its functions and exercising its powers, the Regulator shall take into consideration the following guiding principles—

(a)

the need to meet the objectives set out in the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015;

(b)

the financial stability of the ADGM, including the prevention of contagion (including contagion to market infrastructures such as Recognised Investment Exchanges and Recognised Clearing Houses) and maintaining market discipline;

(c)

to ensure the continuity of the provision of Critical Functions in the ADGM;

(d)

the reduction of the risk to the public of financial loss due to the financial unsoundness of a person to whom these Regulations apply;

(e)

the protection and enhancement of the reputation and integrity of and public confidence in the ADGM in commercial and financial matters; and

(f)

any other principles as the Board may set.

Unless otherwise stated in these Regulations, the Guiding Principles are each of