 requirements relating to the Sale of Business Tool.

For each of the early intervention measures set out in subsection (4), the Regulator shall set out an appropriate deadline for completion to enable it to evaluate the effectiveness of the measure.

Temporary administrator

Subject to subsection (2), if the Regulator considers that the replacement of the Management of an Institution as an early intervention measure would be insufficient to remedy the situation, the Regulator may appoint one or more temporary administrators to the Institution.

Before appointing a person as a temporary administrator, the Regulator must be satisfied that the person has the qualifications, ability and knowledge required to carry out the functions of a temporary administrator and does not have a conflict of interest in relation to the Institution.

The Regulator may appoint the temporary administrator under subsection (1) either to—

(a)

replace the Management of the Institution for a specified period (which may be extended by the Regulator); or

(b)

work for a specified period (which may be extended by the Regulator) with the Management of the Institution.

22

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

If the Regulator appoints a temporary administrator under subsection (3), the Regulator shall, at the time of such an appointment, specify in the instrument of appointment—

(a)

the role of the temporary administrator and the period of time for which it is to be appointed in accordance with subsection (3)(a) or (b);

(b)

subject to subsection (6), the functions and powers of the temporary administrator which may include—

(i)

ascertaining the financial position of the Institution;

(ii)

some or all of the powers of the Management of the Institution under the Institution's articles of association, including the power to exercise some or all of the administrative functions of the Management of the Institution; and

(iii)

managing the business or part of the business of the Institution with a view to preserving or restoring the financial position of the Institution and taking measures to restore the sound and prudent management of the business of the Institution;

(c)

any limits on the role, functions and powers of the temporary administrator under subsection (a) or (b);

(d)

any requirements for the Management of the Institution to consult or to obtain the consent of the temporary administrator prior to taking decisions or actions specified in the instrument of appointment; and

(e)

subject to subsection (7), any requirement that certain acts of the temporary administrator are to be subject to the prior consent of the Regulator.

The Regulator shall, in such manner as the Regulator considers appropriate, publish details of the name of the Institution and temporary administrator except where the temporary administrator does not have the power to represent the Institution.

The powers of a temporary administrator specified in an instrument of appointment under subsection (4)—

(a)

shall be based on what is proportionate in the circumstances; and

(b)

shall comply with the Companies Regulations 2015.

The temporary administrator may convene a general meeting of the Shareholders of the Institution and set the agenda of such a meeting only with the prior consent of the Regulator.

The Regulator may require that a temporary administrator draw up reports on the financial position of the Institution and on the acts performed in the course of its appointment, at intervals set by the Regulator and at the end of the temporary administrator's appointment.

The term of appointment of a temporary administrator shall not exceed one year, subject to renewal of the appointment where the conditions under subsection (1) for appointing the temporary administrator continue to be met and the Regulator determines that the conditions are appropriate to maintain a temporary administrator.

23

(10)

Subject to subsections (1) to (9), the appointment of a temporary administrator shall not prejudice the rights of the Shareholders of the Institution under the Companies Regulations 2015.

(11)

A temporary administrator shall not be liable in damages for anything done or omitted in the discharge or purported discharge of his or her functions as temporary administrator under these Regulations unless it is shown that the act or omission was in bad faith or fraudulent.

(12)

A temporary administrator shall not be deemed to be a Director, Shadow Director, partner, member, or de facto director of the Institution.

(13)

The Regulator shall have the exclusive power to appoint, remove, or vary the terms of engagement of, a temporary administrator, and may do so at any time.

20.

Application of early intervention measures and appointment of temporary administrator