1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital.

means a legal person that carries out the activity of Acting as a Central Securities Depository, as such term is defined in section 258 of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015.

means Client Money and Client Investments.

has the meaning given to that term under section 4 of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015.

means all investments held or controlled on behalf of a client in the course of, or in connection with, the carrying on of investment business.

has the meaning given to that term under section 298 of the Insolvency Regulations 2015.

means capital instruments that meet the conditions for "CET1 Capital" laid down in the Rules made by the Regulator.

means information which, regardless of whether or not the information was received by virtue of a requirement to provide it imposed by or under these Regulations—

2

Conversion Rate

Core Business Lines

Covered Bond

Crisis Management Measure

Crisis Prevention Measure

(a)

relates to the business or other affairs of any person; and

(b)

was received by the recipient for the purposes of, or in the discharge of, any functions of the Regulator under any Rules made by or under these Regulations;

unless—

(c)

the information has been made available to the in any public by virtue of being disclosed circumstances in which, or for any purposes for which, disclosure is not precluded by this section; or

(d)

it is in the form of a summary or collection of information so framed that it is not possible to ascertain from it information relating to any particular person.

means the ratio that determines the number of Shares into which a liability of a specific class will be converted, by reference either to a single instrument of the class or to a specified unit of value of a debt claim.

means business lines and associated services which represent material sources of revenue, profit or franchise value for an Institution or an Institution's Group.

means a bond issued by an Institution where the proceeds from the issue of those bonds shall be invested in assets which, during the whole period of validity of the bonds, are capable of covering claims attaching to the bonds and which, in the event of failure of the Institution, would be used on a priority basis for the reimbursement of the principal and payment of the accrued interest.

means—

(a)

the exercise of a Resolution Action in relation to an Institution by the Regulator;

(b)

the recognition of a Foreign Resolution Action by the Regulator; or

(c)

the exercise of a Resolution Power in support of a Foreign Resolution Action by the Regulator.

means—

3

Critical Clearing Services

Critical Functions

Debt Instruments

Default Event Provision

(a)

the imposition by the Regulator of a requirement to take relevant measures with respect to an Institution's recovery plan;

(b)

the imposition by the Regulator of a requirement to take measures to remove impediments to the recoverability of an Institution;

(c)

the imposition of an early intervention measure described in section 18(4);

(d)

the appointment of a temporary administrator under section 19(1); or

(e)

the exercise of the Write Down or Conversion Power.

means central counterparty clearing the withdrawal of which may, in the Regulator's opinion, threaten the stability of the financial system of the ADGM.

services

means activities, services or operations the discontinuance of which is likely to lead to the disruption of services that are essential to the real economy in the ADGM or relevant to Institutions operating in the ADGM the disruption of financial stability due to the size, market share, external or internal interconnectedness, complexity, or cross-border activities of an Institution or Institution's Group, with particular regard to the substitutability of those activities, services or operations.

means bonds and other forms of transferable debt, instruments creating or acknowledging debt and instruments giving rights to acquire debt instruments.

means a provision of a contract or other agreement—

(a)

that has the effect that if a specified event or situation arises—

(i)

the agreement is terminated, modified, replaced or suspended;

(ii)

rights or duties under the agreement are terminated, modified, or suspended;

replaced

(iii)

a right accrues to terminate, modify or replace the agreement;

4

Definitive Valuation

(iv)

a right accrues to terminate, modify or replace the agreement;

rights or duties under

(v)

a set-off or netting right accrues under the