ive Valuation and the Regulator shall comply with section 35(4) and (5).

A Definitive Valuation may be carried out separately from the Difference of Treatment Valuation or simultaneously with, and by, the same independent valuer who carries out the Difference of Treatment Valuation, but the Definitive Valuation and the Difference of Treatment Valuation shall be distinct from each other.

A person who participates in any manner in a Provisional Valuation of an In-Scope Entity shall not, regardless of the capacity in which the person participated, by reason only of that participation be deemed to be ineligible for appointment as an independent valuer for the purpose of carrying out a Definitive Valuation of that In-Scope Entity.

Consequences of a higher valuation being produced by Definitive Valuation

Where a Definitive Valuation produces a higher valuation of the net asset value of an In-Scope Entity than the Provisional Valuation, the Regulator may—

(a)

instruct a purchaser to pay additional consideration for any rights, assets, liabilities or Shares transferred under the Sale of Business Tool; or

(b)

modify any liability of—

(i)

in the case of an In-Scope Entity that is not an ADGM Branch, the In-Scope Entity; and

(ii)

in the case of an ADGM Branch, the Non-ADGM Institution,

which has been reduced, deferred or cancelled pursuant to the Write Down or Conversion Power or a Resolution Order so as to increase or reinstate that liability.

A power under subsection (1)—

(a)

shall not be exercised so as to increase the value of the liability beyond the value it would have had if the Resolution Order which reduced, cancelled or deferred it had not been made; and

37

(b)

shall be exercised by the issue by the Regulator of a Resolution Order (whether or not that instrument contains any other provisions authorised by this subsection or subsection (1)).

39.

Technical standards

(1)

The Regulator may prescribe standards for the purpose of a Pre-Resolution Valuation or Definitive Valuation.

(2)

A Pre-Resolution Valuation or Definitive Valuation shall be carried out in accordance with any such technical standards set or adopted by the Regulator under subsection (1) and otherwise in accordance with applicable accountancy standards.

40.

Eligibility criteria for independent valuer

The Regulator may prescribe the eligibility criteria for the appointment of a person as an independent valuer for the purposes of section 35, 37 or 68.

41.

Ancillary powers of an independent valuer

(1)

Subject to the Resolution Safeguards, an independent valuer may do anything necessary or desirable for the purposes of, or in connection with, the performance of the independent valuer's functions under these Regulations.

(2)

The independent valuer shall have, without limitation, the power to—

(a)

require any member of Management of an In-Scope Entity to attend an interview at a specified time and place and answer questions;

(b)

require an In-Scope Entity to produce at a specified time and place any specified Documents or Documents of a specified description;

(c)

require an In-Scope Entity to provide such information as the independent valuer may require;

(d)

require an In-Scope Entity to provide such assistance as the independent valuer may require; or

(e)

enter the business premises of an In-Scope Entity during normal business hours for the purpose of inspecting and copying Documents on such premises.

(3)

The Regulator may confer on an independent valuer such ancillary powers as the Regulator thinks necessary for the purposes of, or in connection with, the exercise of the independent valuer's functions under these Regulations, or the exercise or performance of any power or duty conferred or imposed on the independent valuer under these Regulations.

38

42.

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

Resolution Tools and Resolution Safeguards

Chapter 1 Sale of Business Tool

Application of the Sale of Business Tool

The Regulator may apply the Sale of Business Tool to an Institution that meets the Resolution Conditions by effecting a sale of all or part of the business of the Institution in Resolution to one or more purchasers by making—

(a)

one or more property transfer instruments for the transfer of all or any rights, assets or liabilities of the Institution; and

(b)

