 Person, excluding Non-ADGM Institutions, conducting any of the following Regulated Activities—

(a)

Accepting Deposits;

(b)

Dealing in Investments as Principal; or

(c)

Managing a Profit Sharing Investment Account.

includes—

(a)

in relation to an Investment Firm, Recognised Clearing House, ADGM Parent Undertaking or ADGM Subsidiary, the Directors, senior managers or managers of same and, if applicable, former members of Management who are or were responsible both individually and collectively for the management of same; and

(b)

in relation to an ADGM Branch, the person or persons who effectively direct the Business of the ADGM Branch.

means an entity, the head office of which is established in a jurisdiction other than the ADGM, that carries out an activity which would, if carried out within the ADGM, be any of the following Regulated Activities—

9

Non-ADGM Insolvency Law

Non-ADGM Insolvency Proceeding

Non-ADGM Institution

Non-CET1 Capital Instrument

Parent Undertaking

Pre-Resolution Valuation

Prospectus

Provisional Valuation

Recipient

Recognised Clearing House

Recognised Foreign Resolution Action

Recognised Investment Exchange

Recognition Requirements

(a)

Accepting Deposits;

(b)

Dealing in Investments as Principal; or

(c)

Managing a Profit Sharing Investment Account.

means the laws of a third country that relate to insolvency.

means a proceeding under the laws of a third country relating to insolvency that is comparable, in terms of objectives and anticipated Insolvency Proceedings.

results,

to

means an Investment Firm or Recognised Clearing House whose principal place of business and head office is in a jurisdiction other than the ADGM.

means Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments and Tier 2 Capital instruments.

has the meaning given to that term in section 1018 of the Companies Regulations 2015.

means a valuation carried out under section 35, whose objective is to assess the value of the assets and liabilities of an Institution that is not an ADGM Branch or the Business of an ADGM Branch that meets the Resolution Conditions.

has the meaning given to that term in section 258 of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015.

means a valuation carried out under section 36.

means the person or entity to which Shares, Debt Instruments, rights, assets or liabilities, or any combination of those items are transferred from an Institution in Resolution.

has the meaning given to that term in section 258 of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015.

means a Foreign Resolution Action which is, or part of which is, recognised by the Regulator under section 78(1).

has the meaning given to that term in section 258 of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015.

has the meaning given to that term in section 120 of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015, as it applies to a clearing house.

10

Recovery Plan

Regulated Activities

Regulator

Residual Institution

Resolution

Resolution Action

Resolution Conditions

Resolution Order

Resolution Objectives

Resolution Plan

Resolution Power

Resolution Safeguard

Resolution Tool

Sale of Business Tool

Secured Liability

means an Individual Recovery Plan or a Group Recovery Plan.

has the meaning given to that term in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015.

has the meaning given to that term in section 258 of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015.

means, in circumstances where part of the business of an Institution has been sold to a private sector purchaser using the Sale of Business Tool, the non-sold or non- transferred part of the Institution and the legal entity in which any related assets, liabilities or business resides.

means the application under these Regulations of a Resolution Tool in order to achieve one or more of the Resolution Objectives.

means—

(a)

the decision to place an Institution that satisfies the Resolution Conditions in Resolution;

(b)

the application of a Resolution Tool; or

(c)

the exercise of one or more Resolution Powers.

means the conditions set out in section 22.

means the order setting out the decision of the Regulator regarding the Resolution of an Institution.

means the resolution objectives specified in section 21.

means an Individual Resolution Plan or a Group Resolution Plan.

means any of the powers under section 58.

means a safeguard set out under sections 67 to 75.

means the Sale of