(ii)

the Regulator may require the acquirer to divest such Shares within a divestment period determined by the Regulator having taken into account prevailing market conditions; and

(iii)

if the acquirer does not complete such divestment within the divestment period established by the Regulator, then the Regulator may impose on the purchaser penalties and other measures for failing to comply with the requirements for acquisitions or disposals of qualifying or significant shareholdings under Part 10 of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015 or any subordinate legislation under the Financial Services and Markets Regulation 2015.

32

31. Manner of recovery by Regulator of expenses

The Regulator may recover from an Institution in Resolution any reasonable expenses properly incurred in connection with the application of a Resolution Tool or exercise of a Resolution Power in one or more of the following ways—

(a)

as a deduction from any consideration paid by a Recipient to the Institution in Resolution, or as the case may be, to the owners of the Shares; or

(b)

from the Institution in Resolution as a preferential creditor with priority over the claims of ordinary unsecured, non-preferential creditors.

32.

Liabilities of Directors

A Director of an Institution in Resolution shall not be liable to the Institution or any other persons that it owes duties to (including, but not limited to, Shareholders, creditors or employees of the Institution) for acts and omissions in compliance with a direction given by the Regulator under these Regulations or subordinate legislation.

Chapter 3 Special Management

33.

Special management

(1)

The Regulator may appoint a special manager to replace the Management of an Institution in Resolution.

(2)

A special manager appointed under subsection (1) must have the qualifications, ability and knowledge necessary to carry out his or her functions under these Regulations.

(3)

The term of appointment of a special manager shall be for a period not exceeding one year, except that the Regulator may, in exceptional circumstances, renew the appointment for a further period not exceeding one year if the Regulator determines that the conditions for appointment of a special manager continue to be met.

(4)

The Regulator shall, in such manner as it considers appropriate, publish notice of the appointment of a special manager.

(5)

A special manager shall have all the powers of the Shareholders and Management of the Institution in Resolution, except that—

(a)

the exercise of that power shall be under the control of the Regulator; and

(b)

the Regulator may set limits to the action of a special manager or require that certain acts of the special manager be subject to the Regulator's prior consent.

(6)

A special manager shall have a duty to take all measures necessary to promote the Resolution Objectives and to implement Resolution Actions in accordance with decisions of the Regulator.

(7)

The duty specified in subsection (6) may, where necessary, override any other duty placed upon a Director under the Companies Regulations 2015 and the Institution's constitutional documents in so far as they are inconsistent.

33

(8)

The measures referred to in subsection (6) may include—

(a)

an increase of the Institution's capital;

(b)

the reorganisation of the ownership structure of the Institution; or

(c)

the takeover of the Institution by another Institution that is financially and organisationally sound by applying a Resolution Tool.

(9)

In appointing a special manager to an Institution that is a Group Entity, the Regulator shall consider whether it is appropriate to appoint the same special manager that is appointed to another entity in the Institution's Group.

34.

Regulator or special manager not to be treated as a Director of an Institution

Nothing in these Regulations shall cause the Regulator or a special manager appointed by the Regulator under section 33 to be treated as or deemed to be a Director, Shadow Director, partner, member, or de facto Director of an Institution.

Chapter 4 Valuation

35.

Pre-Resolution Valuation

(1)

Subject to section 39 and prior to taking Resolution Action in respect of an In-Scope Entity, the Regulator shall cause to be carried out a Pre-Resolution Valuation of—

(a)

in the case of an In-Scope Entity that is not an ADGM Branch, the assets and liabilities of the In-Scope Entity; and

(b)

in the case of an ADGM Branch, the Business of the ADGM Branch