 these Regulations.

38

42.

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

Resolution Tools and Resolution Safeguards

Chapter 1 Sale of Business Tool

Application of the Sale of Business Tool

The Regulator may apply the Sale of Business Tool to an Institution that meets the Resolution Conditions by effecting a sale of all or part of the business of the Institution in Resolution to one or more purchasers by making—

(a)

one or more property transfer instruments for the transfer of all or any rights, assets or liabilities of the Institution; and

(b)

in the case of an Institution that is not an ADGM Branch, one or more Share transfer instruments for the transfer of all or part of the Shares of the Institution.

Subject to the Resolution Safeguards, the Regulator may apply the Sale of Business Tool to an Institution without—

(a)

the consent of the Shareholders of the Institution or any third party other than the purchaser; and

(b)

complying with any procedural requirements under the Companies Regulations 2015 or the constitutional documents of the Institution other than those procedural requirements specified in these Regulations or subordinate legislation.

The Regulator shall ensure that a transfer made by applying the Sale of Business Tool under this section is made on commercial terms having regard to the circumstances.

The Regulator shall take reasonable measures to specify, on the basis of a Pre-Resolution Valuation, commercial terms for the transfer made under the Sale of Business Tool under this section.

Subject to the section 31, the net proceeds of consideration paid by the purchaser on the transfer made under the Sale of Business Tool under this section shall be applied for the benefit of—

(a)

the owners of the Shares, where the Sale of Business Tool has been effected by transferring Shares issued by the Institution in Resolution from the holders of those Shares or instruments to the purchaser subject to first reimbursing any creditor of the Residual Institution ranking higher in the hierarchy which has been written down or bailed-in, where and to the extent reasonably practicable; and

(b)

the Institution in Resolution, where the Sale of Business Tool has been effected by transferring some or all of—

(i)

in the case of an Institution that is not an ADGM Branch, the assets or liabilities of the Institution to the purchaser; and

(ii)

in the case of an ADGM Branch, the Business of the ADGM Branch.

When applying the Sale of Business Tool to an Institution, the Regulator may exercise the Transfer Power more than once in order to make supplemental transfers of—

39

(a)

in the case of an Institution that is not an ADGM Branch, any rights, assets or liabilities of or Shares issued by the Institution; and

(b)

in the case of an ADGM Branch, the Business of the ADGM Branch.

(7)

A transfer made under the Sale of Business Tool shall be subject to the Resolution Safeguards.

(8)

The Regulator shall immediately notify any other competent authority of its non-compliance with any procedural requirements under subsection (2)(b).

43.

Power to transfer rights, assets, liabilities or Shares transferred to the purchaser back to the Institution in Resolution or to original owners

Subject to the Resolution Safeguards, after the application of the Sale of Business Tool, the Regulator may, with the consent of the purchaser, transfer—

(a)

the rights, assets, or liabilities transferred to the purchaser back to the Institution in Resolution; or

(b)

the Shares back to their original owners,

and the Institution in Resolution or the original owners shall be obliged to take back any such rights, assets, liabilities or Shares.

44.

Rights of the Institution in Resolution under the Sale of Business Tool

In the case of an Institution that is not an ADGM Branch, where a transfer under the Sale of Business Tool is effected by way of a transfer of Shares of the Institution in Resolution, the Institution in Resolution may exercise any rights following the transfer that it was entitled to exercise prior to the transfer.

45.

Rights of the purchaser under the Sale of Business Tool

(1)

Where a transfer under the Sale of Business Tool results in the purchaser's acquisition of activities or services that require authorisation, the purchaser may continue to operate such business without complying with the requirements for authorisation, registration or obtaining a licence under the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015, Data Protection Regulations 2015 or Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015 to undertake such