 pursuant to section 78(5) is not necessary to achieve one or more of the Resolution Objectives;

(d)

under the Foreign Resolution Action, creditors located or payable in the ADGM would not, by reason of being located in the ADGM, receive the same treatment, and have similar legal rights, as creditors (including depositors) who are located or payable in the non-ADGM jurisdiction concerned; or

(e)

recognition of, and taking action in support of, the Foreign Resolution Action (or the relevant part) would have material fiscal implications for the UAE or the ADGM.

The recognition of a Foreign Resolution Action (or any part of it) shall not prejudice any Insolvency Proceedings unless the Insolvency Proceedings conflict with the Recognised Foreign Resolution Action, in which case the Recognised Foreign Resolution Action shall take precedence.

Subject to section 27, where a Foreign Resolution Order has been made by the Regulator under this section which recognises a Foreign Resolution Action (or part of it), such Foreign Resolution Action (or part of it) shall produce the same legal effects in the ADGM as it would have produced had it been made under the law of the ADGM.

For the purposes of supporting, or giving full effect to, a Recognised Foreign Resolution Action, the Regulator may exercise one or more Resolution Tools, or one or more Resolution Powers, subject to any requirement for ex-ante judicial approval in compliance with section 27.

The Regulator may make a Foreign Resolution Order which has effect in respect of an Institution which is a Subsidiary of a Foreign Institution which both recognises a Group Resolution Action and carries out certain Resolution Actions under these Regulations on the entity in the ADGM.

A Foreign Resolution Order may include incidental, consequential or transitional provisions which may be general or for specified purposes, cases or circumstances and may make different provision for different purposes, cases or circumstances.

64

(8)

As soon as reasonably practicable after the making of a Foreign Resolution Order under this section the requirements of the Foreign Resolution Order shall be complied with by the Regulator.

(9)

Any decision (including appropriate rationale for such decision) to refuse to recognise a Foreign Resolution Action, to recognise a Foreign Resolution Action only in part or to take independent actions to resolve an Institution which is a Subsidiary of a Foreign Institution, shall be clearly communicated by the Regulator to the Group concerned and to any relevant resolution authorities of Group Entities.

Miscellaneous

79.

Investigations

(1)

The Regulator may commence an Investigation in relation to an In-Scope Entity, whether or not it is in Resolution or being Wound Up under Insolvency Proceedings.

(2)

For the purposes of subsection (1), sections 205 to 214 of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015 shall apply to In-Scope Entities equally as they would to Authorised Persons and Recognised Bodies under the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015 as if they were set out here and applied to these Regulations.

80.

Restrictions on disclosure of Confidential Information

In relation to disclosures of Confidential Information, sections 198 and 199 of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015 shall apply equally as if they were set out here and applied to these Regulations.

81.

Co-operation with resolution authorities of another jurisdiction

(1)

The Regulator may take such steps as it considers appropriate to co-operate with other regulators or resolution authorities who have functions similar to those of the Regulator or in relation to matters relating to resolution.

(2)

For the purposes of subsection (1), sections 216 to 217 of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015 shall apply to the Regulator equally as if they were set out here and applied to these Regulations.

82.

General contravention provision

Sections 218, 231 and 232 of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015 shall apply with respect to contraventions of these Regulations equally as if they were set out here and applied to these Regulations.

83.

False or misleading information

(1)

A person commits a contravention of these Regulations if the person makes a statement in any Document, material, evidence or information which is required to be provided to the Regulator or to any person entitled to the information under these Regulations that, at the time and in the light of the circumstances under which it is made, is false or misleading with respect to any material fact, or that