2), as applicable.

In assessing a Group Resolution Plan, the Regulator shall consider the potential impact of the resolution measures on financial stability in all the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. In doing so, the Regulator may consult the supervisory authorities and resolution authorities of the jurisdictions in which any Group Entities or Branches are located.

If the Regulator determines that there are material deficiencies in a Resolution Plan or material impediments to its implementation, it shall notify the relevant Institution of its assessment in writing and require the Institution to submit, within two months, extendable with the Regulator's approval, a revised Resolution Plan demonstrating how those deficiencies or impediments have been addressed.

If the Institution fails to submit a revised Resolution Plan within the specified timeframe, or the Regulator determines that a matter notified under subsection (5) has not been adequately addressed in the revised Resolution Plan, the Regulator may direct the Institution to take any measures it considers to be necessary and proportionate, including any of the steps in section 9(5).

Chapter 3 Resolvability

Assessment of resolvability for Institutions

In assessing a Resolution Plan, the Regulator may carry out a resolvability assessment with respect to the Institution. Such an assessment shall determine the extent to which the Institution is resolvable.

An Institution shall be determined as resolvable if it is feasible and credible for the Regulator to Wind Up the Institution under Insolvency Proceedings or to resolve it by applying a Resolution Tool to, and exercising Resolution Powers in respect of, the Institution while avoiding to the maximum extent possible any significant adverse effect on the financial system, including in circumstances of broader financial instability or system-wide events, with a view to ensuring the continuity of Critical Functions carried out by the Institution.

For the purposes of the assessment of resolvability referred to under subsection (1), the Regulator may consider the matters set out in Part 4 of the Schedule. The Regulator shall carry out any potential resolvability assessment in pursuit of the Resolution Objectives and in accordance with the General Resolution Principles.

Where the Institution is part of a Group which has submitted a Group Resolution Plan under section 10(5), a simplified resolvability assessment may be conducted by taking into account the Group Resolution Plan and by considering the resolvability of the elements of the Group which are relevant to the functions of the Regulator.

The Regulator shall be permitted but is not required to publish or disclose any resolvability assessment.

Assessment of resolvability for Groups

In assessing a Resolution Plan, the Regulator may carry out a resolvability assessment with respect to the Group headed by the ADGM Parent Institution as a whole. Such an assessment shall determine the extent to which the Group is resolvable.

18

(2)

(3)

15.

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

A Group shall be determined as resolvable if it is feasible and credible for the Regulator to Wind Up Group Entities under Insolvency Proceedings or to resolve Group Entities by applying a Resolution Tool to, and exercising Resolution Powers in respect of, the Group Entities while avoiding to the maximum extent possible any significant adverse effect on the financial system, including in circumstances of broader financial instability or system-wide events, with a view to ensuring the continuity of Critical Functions carried out by the Group Entities, where they can be easily separated in a timely manner or by other means.

For the purposes of the assessment of resolvability referred to under subsection (1), the Regulator shall, as a minimum, consider the matters set out in Part 4 of the Schedule (with any necessary modifications for the Group level). The Regulator shall carry out any potential resolvability assessment in pursuit of the Resolution Objectives and in accordance with the General Resolution Principles.

Powers to address or remove impediments to resolvability

If a resolvability assessment identifies any material impediments to resolvability, these may be notified in writing by the Regulator to the relevant Institution and, where applicable, to the relevant resolution authorities in other jurisdictions in which the Institution or Group Entities operate.

An Institution shall, within three months of the date of receipt of a notification under subsection (1) or such other time period as may be specified in such notification, propose to the Regulator possible measures to address or remove the substantive impediments identified in the notification. The Regulator shall determine whether the measures referred to effectively address or remove the substantive impediments.

