 has given a person a decision notice and the matter was not referred to the Appeals Panel (or a decision of the Appeals Panel in relation to the matter was made)

173 Amended 13 January 2020 and 30 December 2021.

169

within the time required by any procedures of the Appeals Panel, the Regulator must, on taking the action to which the decision notice relates, give the person concerned and any person to whom the decision notice was copied, a final notice.

(2)

If the Regulator has given a person a decision notice and the matter was referred to the Appeals Panel, the Regulator must, on taking action in accordance with any directions given by the Appeals Panel, give that person and any person to whom the decision notice was copied, the notice required by subsection (3).

(3)

The notice required by this subsection is—

(a)

in a case where the Regulator is acting in accordance with a direction given by the Appeals Panel, a further decision notice; and

(b)

in any other case, a final notice.

(4)

A final notice must, to the extent applicable—

(a)

state the amount of any financial penalty to be made and the date by which it is to be paid;

(b)

state the period for which any suspension, limitation or restriction is to have effect;

(c)

state the terms of any statement to be published;

(d)

when ordering restitution in the form of payment—

(i)

state the amount that is to be paid or distributed;

(ii)

identify the person or persons to whom that amount is to be paid or among whom that amount is to be distributed; and

(iii)

state the arrangements in accordance with which the payment or distribution is to be made.

(5)

If all or any of a required payment has not been made at the end of a period stated in a final notice in accordance with subsection 251(4)(a), the obligation to make the payment is enforceable as a debt by the person entitled to the payment.

Publication

252. Publication174

(1)

A warning notice can only be published following a written agreement allowing Publication entered into between the Regulator and the person to whom the notice was addressed.

174 Amended 30 December 2021 and 30 December 2024.

170

(2)

Where the Regulator and the person to whom the notice was addressed have not agreed to publish the warning notice in accordance with subsection (1), neither the Regulator nor a person to whom the notice is given or copied may publish the notice or any details concerning it.

(3)

A decision notice, final notice or any other notice in relation to the exercise of the Regulator's powers (other than a warning notice), and details about the matter to which such notice relates, may be published by the Regulator at its discretion.

(4)

A person to whom a notice specified in subsection (3) is given or copied may not publish the notice or any details concerning it unless the Regulator has published the notice or those details in accordance with its power in subsection (3).

(5)

The Regulator may determine not to publish information under this section if, in its opinion, Publication of the information would be—

(a)

unfair to the person with respect to whom the action was taken (or was proposed to be taken);

(b)

prejudicial to the interests of Customers; or

(c)

detrimental to the stability of the ADGM Financial System.

(6)

Any information published under this section is to be so published in such manner as the Regulator considers appropriate.

(7)

For the purposes of these Regulations, a matter to which the notice relates is open to review if—

(a)

the period during which any person may refer the matter to the Appeals Panel is still running; or

(b)

the matter has been referred to the Appeals Panel but has not been dealt with.

Third Party rights and access to evidence

253. Application of sections 254 and 255

Sections 254 and 255 apply to—

(a)

a warning notice given in accordance with section 246(1)(d), (f), (l), (n), (o), (p), (r), (s), (t), (u) or (v); and175

(b)

a decision notice given following a warning notice falling within paragraph (a) and in relation to the same matter as the warning notice.

175