 75 per cent. of the Securities of the Reporting Entity or the Listed Fund, as is relevant, have agreed in writing that the person is no longer needed to be a Reporting Entity; and

(iii)

the Regulator has confirmed in writing upon being notified of the grounds referred to in sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) that the person need no longer be a Reporting Entity; or

(c)

in the case of a person referred to in subsections (1)(a), (b) or (c), if that person is declared by the Regulator pursuant to subsection (4)(a)(ii) not to be a Reporting Entity.

The Regulator may upon application of a person or on its own initiative—

(a)

declare in writing that a person is—

(i)

a Reporting Entity; or

(ii)

not a Reporting Entity; and

(b)

impose such conditions or restrictions as it considers appropriate in respect of such a declaration.

The Regulator may, by Rules, prescribe requirements applicable to Reporting Entities including any circumstances in which such requirements may not apply to certain Reporting Entities.

44

(6)

The Regulator may, by Rules, extend the requirements applicable to a Reporting Entity to any person who intends to undertake any activity specified in subsections (1)(a), (b) or (c) where it considers appropriate to do so.

(7)

A reference to a Reporting Entity by or under these Regulations includes, except where otherwise provided or the context implies otherwise, a person intending to have Securities admitted to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange.

Governance of Reporting Entities

73.

Corporate Governance

(1)

A Reporting Entity shall have a Corporate Governance framework which is adequate to promote prudent and sound management of the Reporting Entity in the long-term interest of the Reporting Entity and its Shareholders.

(2)

For the purposes of the requirement in subsection (1), the Regulator may by Rules prescribe—

(a)

Corporate Governance principles and standards that apply to a Reporting Entity, including any requirements applicable to its board of Directors and individual members, Controllers, employees or any other person as appropriate;

(b)

requirements relating to fair treatment of Shareholders; and

(c)

provisions to address conflicts of interests.

(3)

The Regulator may, by Rules, prescribe any circumstances in which such requirements do not apply to certain Reporting Entities.

Market disclosure

74.

Database

(1)

The Regulator shall establish and maintain an electronic data gathering, analysis and retrieval system for the receipt and storage of information filed or disclosed under this Part and any Rules made under this Part and for the purpose of making information available to the public, except where such information is confidential as prescribed in the Rules.

(2)

The Regulator may delegate to any person all or part of any function in subsection (1) where it is satisfied that there are appropriate safeguards to ensure integrity and safety of the information.

45

75.

Continuous disclosures35

(1)

A Reporting Entity shall, subject to subsections (4) and (5), make disclosures to the market of information specified by the Regulator in the circumstances prescribed by the Rules.

(2)

Without limiting the generality of subsection (1), the Regulator may, by Rules, prescribe the type of information and the circumstances in which such information shall be disclosed including—

(a)

financial information;

(b)

the financial reports required by sections 78 and 79;

(c)

Inside Information as defined in section 95; and

(d)

any other information or material change which occurs in relation to a Reporting Entity.

(3)

Where information is required to be disclosed pursuant to subsection (1), the Reporting Entity shall—

(a)

issue a release of information to the market disclosing the information; and

(b)

file a report with the Regulator;

in the manner prescribed by the Rules.

(4)

Where a Reporting Entity has failed to publish information required to be published pursuant to subsection (1) and the Rules made for the purposes of this section, the Regulator may publish such information in a manner considered appropriate by the Regulator.

(5)

The Regulator may, by Rules, prescribe the circumstances in which a Reporting Entity need not comply with the disclosure requirement in subsection (1).

76.

Disclosures by Connected Persons

(1)

A person who becomes a Connected Person of a Reporting Entity shall file with the Regulator and the relevant Reporting Entity a report that meets the requirements prescribed in the