 must then decide, within a reasonable period, whether to give the person concerned a decision notice.

167

248. Requirement to give decision notice

If the Regulator decides to exercise any of the powers specified in section 246(1), it must give a decision notice to every person in relation to whom a warning notice was given under section 246.170

249. Decision notices171

(1)

A decision notice, must, to the extent applicable—

(a)

state the action which the Regulator has decided to take;

(b)

be in writing;

(c)

give the reasons of the Regulator for taking the action to which the notice relates;

(d)

state whether—

(i)

section 255 applies;

(ii)

if that section applies, describe its effect and state whether any Secondary Material exists to which the person concerned must be allowed access under it; and

(e)

inform the person concerned of its right to have the matter referred to the Appeals Panel which is given by these Regulations;

(f)

state the amount of any financial penalty to be made172;

(g)

state the period for which any suspension, limitation or restriction is to have effect; and

(h)

state the terms of any statement to be published;

(i)

when ordering restitution in the form of payment—

(i)

state the amount that is to be paid or distributed;

(ii)

identify the person or persons to whom that amount is to be paid or among whom that amount is to be distributed; and

(iii)

state the arrangements in accordance with which the payment or distribution is to be made.

170 Amended 13 January 2020 and 8 August 2023.

171 Amended 30 December 2021.

172 Amended 13 January 2020.

168

(2)

If the decision notice was preceded by a warning notice, the action to which the decision notice relates must be action under the same provision of these Regulations as the action proposed in the warning notice.

(3)

The Regulator may, before it takes the action to which a decision notice (the "Original Notice") relates, give the person concerned a further decision notice which relates to different action in respect of the same matter.

(4)

The Regulator may give a further decision notice as a result of subsection (3) only if the person to whom the Original Notice was given consents.

(5)

If the person to whom a decision notice is given under subsection (3) had the right to refer the matter to which the original decision notice related to the Appeals Panel, he has that right as respects the decision notice under subsection (3).

Conclusion of proceedings

250. Notices of Discontinuance

(1)

If the Regulator decides not to take—

(a)

the action proposed in a warning notice given by it; or

(b)

the action to which a decision notice given by it relates;

it must give a Notice of Discontinuance to the person to whom the warning notice or decision notice was given.

(2)

But subsection (1) does not apply if the discontinuance of the proceedings concerned results in the granting of an application made by the person to whom the warning or decision notice was given.

(3)

Any Notice of Discontinuance must—

(a)

state that, if the person to whom the notice is given consents, the Regulator may publish such information as it considers appropriate about the matter to which the discontinued proceedings related; and

(b)

be accompanied by a statement that, if the person to whom the notice is copied consents, the Regulator may publish such information as it considers appropriate about the matter to which the discontinued proceedings related, so far as relevant to that person.

(4)

A Notice of Discontinuance must identify the proceedings which are being discontinued.

251. Final notices173

(1)

If the Regulator has given a person a decision notice and the matter was not referred to the Appeals Panel (or a decision of the Appeals Panel in relation to the matter was made)

173 Amended 13 January 2020 and 30 December 2021.

169

within the time required by any procedures of the Appeals Panel, the Regulator must, on taking the action to which the decision notice relates, give the person concerned and any person to whom the decision notice was copied, a final notice.

(2)

If the Regulator has given a person a decision notice and the matter was referred to the