 notice under subsection (7) must inform the Interested Parties of the right of each of them to refer the matter to the Appeals Panel.

(10)

A notice under subsection (8)(b) must comply with subsection (5).

(11)

For the purposes of subsection (2)(c), whether a matter is open to review is to be determined in accordance with section 252(7).

Part 6 Official Listing and Offers

The Official List

50.

The Official List

(1)

The Regulator must maintain the Official List. In maintaining the Official List the Regulator may refer to itself as the Listing Authority.25

(2)

The Regulator may admit to the Official List such Securities as it considers appropriate in accordance with this Part.

(3)

A Recognised Investment Exchange shall not permit trading of Securities on its facilities unless those Securities are admitted to, and not suspended from, the Official List except where otherwise prescribed in the Rules made by the Regulator.

Listing

51.

Applications for Listing

(1)

Admission to the Official List may be granted only on an Application made to the Regulator in such manner as may be required by Listing Rules.

25 Amended 21 February 2018.

33

(2)

(3)

52.

(1)

(2)

(3)

No Application for Listing may be entertained by the Regulator unless it is made by, or with the consent of, the Issuer of the Securities concerned.

The Regulator may not grant an Application for Listing unless it is satisfied that—

(a)

the requirements of Listing Rules (so far as they apply to the Application); and

(b)

any other requirements imposed by the Regulator in relation to the Application;

are complied with.

Decision on Application

The Regulator may—

(a)

refuse an Application for Listing; or

(b)

impose conditions or restrictions, in respect of the admission of Securities to the Official List, or vary or withdraw such conditions or restrictions;

in the circumstances specified in subsection (2).

The Regulator may exercise its powers under subsection (1) where—

(a)

the Regulator reasonably considers, for a reason relating to the Issuer of the Securities or to the Securities, that—

(i)

granting the Securities admission to the Official List would be detrimental to the interests of persons dealing in the relevant Securities, using the facilities of a Recognised Body or otherwise;

(ii)

any requirements in the Listing Rules as are applicable have not been or will not be complied with;

(iii)

any requirement imposed by the Regulator has not been or will not be complied with; or

(iv)

the Issuer of the Securities has failed or will fail to comply with any obligations applying to it, including those relating to having its Securities admitted to the Official List or listed or traded in another jurisdiction; or

(b)

it is in the interests of the Abu Dhabi Global Market to do so.

If the Regulator decides to grant an Application for Listing, it must give the Applicant written notice of its decision.

34

(4)

If Securities are admitted to the Official List, their admission may not be called into question on the ground that any requirement or condition for their admission has not been complied with.26

(5)

Where a person has any Securities included in the Official List, such Securities shall be admitted to trading on a Recognised Investment Exchange as soon as possible.

(6)

Where any Securities included in the Official List are not admitted to trading in accordance with the requirement in subsection (5), such Securities shall be removed from the Official List.

(7)

The Regulator may, by Rules, prescribe any circumstances in which Securities admitted to the Official List need not comply with the requirement in subsection (5).

53.

Discontinuance and Suspension of Listing

(1)

The Regulator may, in accordance with the Listing Rules, discontinue or suspend the Listing of any Securities if satisfied that there are circumstances which warrant such action or where it is in the interests of the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(2)

The Regulator may discontinue or suspend the Listing of any Securities on its own initiative or on application of the Issuer of those Securities.

(3)

If Securities are suspended under subsection (1), they are to be treated, for the purposes of Chapter 2 of this Part, as still being listed.

54.

Discontinuance or Suspension: procedure27

(1)

A Discontinuance