 was not making such a communication; and

(b)

if the Applicant did not make the Unlawful Communication, whether he knew that the agreement was entered into in consequence of such a communication.

18

(5)

The amount of compensation recoverable as a result of subsection (1) or (2) is—

(a)

the amount agreed between the parties; or

(b)

on the application of either party, the amount determined by the Court.

(6)

If a person elects not to perform an agreement or an obligation which (by virtue of subsection (1) or (2)) is unenforceable against him, he must repay any money and return any other property received by him under the agreement.

(7)

If (by virtue of subsection (1) or (2)) a person recovers money paid or property transferred by him under an agreement or obligation, he must repay any money and return any other property received by him as a result of exercising the rights in question.

(8)

If any property required to be returned under this section has passed to a third party, references to that property are to be read as references to its value at the time of its receipt by the person required to return it.

26.

Accepting Deposits16

(1)

No Authorised Person, when carrying on the Regulated Activity of Accepting Deposits or Managing a Profit Sharing Investment Account which is unrestricted, may accept Deposits from the UAE markets.

(2)

No Authorised Person, possessing a Financial Services Permission enabling the Regulated Activities of Accepting Deposits or Managing a Profit Sharing Investment Account which is unrestricted, may undertake foreign exchange transactions involving the UAE Dirham on behalf of a Client.

Part 4 Authorisation

27.

Application for a Financial Services Permission

(1)

An Application for a Financial Services Permission to carry on one or more Regulated Activities may be made to the Regulator by—

(a)

a Body Corporate; or

(b)

a Partnership.

(2)

An Authorised Person who has a Financial Services Permission under this Part which is in force may not apply for a further Financial Services Permission under this section but may apply for variation of its Financial Services Permission under section 32.

28.

The Threshold Conditions

(1)

In giving or varying a Financial Services Permission, or imposing or varying a requirement under any provision of this Part, the Regulator must ensure that the person concerned will satisfy, and continue to satisfy, in relation to all of the Regulated Activities for which

16 Amended 12 June 2017, 21 February 2018, 13 January 2020 and 30 December 2024.

19

the person has or will have a Financial Services Permission, any Threshold Conditions specified by the Regulator in Threshold Condition Rules made under section 7(2).

(2)

The duty imposed by subsection (1) does not prevent the Regulator, having due regard to that duty, from taking such steps as it considers are necessary, in relation to a particular person, in order to further one or more of its objectives.

29.

Firms based outside the Abu Dhabi Global Market17

(1)

This section applies in relation to a Non-ADGM Firm.

(2)

In determining whether a Non-ADGM Firm is satisfying or will satisfy, and continue to satisfy, any one or more of the Threshold Conditions, the Regulator may have regard to any opinion notified to it by a Non-ADGM Regulator which relates to the Non-ADGM Firm and appears to the Regulator to be relevant to compliance with those conditions.

(3)

In considering how much weight (if any) to attach to the opinion, the Regulator must have regard to the nature and scope of the supervision exercised in relation to the Non-ADGM Firm by the Non-ADGM Regulator.

30.

Granting a Financial Services Permission

(1)

This section applies in relation to an Application for a Financial Services Permission under section 27.

(2)

The Regulator may grant a Financial Services Permission for the Applicant to carry on the Regulated Activity or Regulated Activities to which the Application relates or such of them as may be specified in the Financial Services Permission.

(3)

If it grants a Financial Services Permission, the Regulator must specify the permitted Regulated Activity or Regulated Activities, described in such manner as the Regulator considers appropriate.

(4)

The Regulator