 effect as from such date as is specified by the Regulator, Financial Counterparties shall hold an appropriate and proportionate amount of capital to manage the risk not covered by appropriate exchange of collateral.

The requirement laid down in subsection (3) shall not apply to an Intragroup Transaction that is entered into by counterparties which are both established in the Abu Dhabi Global Market provided that there is no current or foreseen practical or legal impediment to the prompt transfer of own funds or repayment of liabilities between counterparties.

An Intragroup Transaction that is entered into by a counterparty which is established in the Abu Dhabi Global Market and a counterparty which is established outside the Abu Dhabi Global Market shall be exempt from the requirement laid down in subsection (3), provided that the following conditions are fulfilled—

(a)

the risk management procedures of the counterparties are adequately sound, robust and consistent with the level of complexity of the derivative transaction; and

(b)

there is no current or foreseen practical or legal impediment to the prompt transfer of own funds or repayment of liabilities between the counterparties.

The counterparty of an Intragroup Transaction that is exempt from the requirement laid down in subsection (3) shall publicly disclose information on the exemption.

The obligations set out in subsections (1) to (7) shall apply to OTC Derivative Contracts entered into between Non-ADGM Firms that would be subject to those obligations if they were established in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, provided that those contracts have a direct, substantial and foreseeable effect within the Abu Dhabi Global Market or where

89

such obligation is necessary or appropriate to prevent the evasion of any provision of these Regulations.84

(9)

The Regulator shall regularly monitor the activity in OTC Derivatives not eligible for Clearing in order to identify cases where a particular Class of Derivatives may pose systemic risk and to prevent regulatory arbitrage between cleared and non-cleared derivative transactions.

(10)

The Regulator may make Rules specifying—

(a)

the procedures and arrangements referred to in subsection (1);

(b)

the market conditions that prevent marking to market and the criteria for using marking-to-model referred to in subsection (2);

(c)

the risk management procedures, including the levels and type of collateral and segregation arrangements, required for compliance with subsection (3);

(d)

the applicable criteria referred to in subsections (5) and (6) including in particular what should be considered as practical or legal impediment to the prompt transfer of own funds and repayment of liabilities between the counterparties;

(e)

the details of the information on exempt Intragroup Transactions referred to in subsection (7);

(f)

the contracts that are considered to have a direct, substantial and foreseeable effect within the Abu Dhabi Global Market or the cases where it is necessary or appropriate to prevent the evasion of any provision of these Regulations as referred to in subsection (8); and

(g)

the dates on which the provisions in this section come into effect.

Chapter 4 Transaction Reporting

149. Obligation to report orders and transactions85

(1)

A Recognised Investment Exchange, MTF or OTF shall report details of orders and transactions in Financial Instruments traded on its platform which are inputted, executed, or reported, through its systems.

(2)

An MTF shall report details of orders and transactions in Accepted Virtual Assets traded on its platform which are inputted, executed, or reported, through its systems.

(3)

A Recognised Investment Exchange, MTF or OTF must report details of orders and transactions in Accepted Spot Commodities traded on its platform which are inputted, executed, or reported, through its systems.

84 Amended 30 December 2024.

85 Amended 21 February, 25 June 2018, 17 February 2020 and 20 September 2022.

90

(4)

An OTF shall report details of orders and transactions in other investments as specified by the Regulator traded on its platform which are inputted, executed, or reported, through its systems.

(5)

The Regulator may make Rules specifying—

(a)

the information to be included in reports made under subsection (1) and (2); and

(b)

the manner in which such reports are to be made.

Part 13 Settlement Finality

150.

Introduction

(1)

This Part has effect for the purposes of safeguarding the operation of certain financial markets by provisions with respect to—

(a