 who is party to a disposition mentioned in subsection (7) has notice at the time of the disposition that a petition has been presented for the Winding-Up or bankruptcy of the estate of the party making the disposition, the value of any profit to him arising from the disposition is recoverable from him by the Relevant Office-Holder unless—

(a)

the person is a chargee under the Collateral Security Arrangement;

114 Amended 8 August 2023.

113

(b)

the disposition is made in accordance with the Default Rules of a Recognised Clearing House or Remote Clearing House for the purposes of transferring a position or Asset of a Clearing Member in Default; 115or

(c)

the Court directs otherwise.

(9)

Any sum recoverable by virtue of subsection (8) ranks for priority, in the event of the insolvency of the person from whom it is due, immediately before preferential debts.

(10)

In a case falling within both subsection (7) (as a disposition of property as a result of which the property becomes subject to a Collateral Security Arrangement) and section 160(2) (as the provision of margin in relation to a Market Contract), section 160(3) applies with respect to the recovery of the amount or value of the margin and subsection (8) does not apply.

169. Power to make provision about certain other Charges

(1)

The Regulator may by Rules provide that the Insolvency Regulations have effect in relation to Charges of such descriptions as may be Specified, and action taken in enforcing them, subject to such provisions as may be Specified.116

(2)

The Rules may specify any description of Charge granted in favour of—

(a)

a body approved under section 165;

(b)

the Regulator;

(c)

a person who has a Financial Services Permission to carry on a Regulated Activity of a description specified in the Rules; or

(d)

an international securities self-regulating organisation approved for the purposes of an order made under these Regulations;

for the purpose of securing debts or liabilities arising in connection with or as a result of the settlement of contracts or the transfer of assets, rights or interests on a financial market.

(3)

The Rules may specify any description of Charge granted for that purpose in favour of any other person in connection with exchange facilities or Clearing Services provided by a Recognised Body or Remote Body or by any such body, person, authority or organisation as is mentioned in subsection (2)117.

(4)

Where a Charge is granted partly for the purpose specified in subsection (2) and partly for other purposes, the power conferred by this section is exercisable in relation to the Charge so far as it has effect for that purpose.

115 Amended 21 February 2018.

116 Amended 8 August 2023.

117 Amended 21 February 2018.

114

(5)

The Rules may—

(a)

make the same or similar provision in relation to the Charges to which they apply as is made by or under sections 179(1)(h) and 168 in relation to Collateral Security Arrangements; or

(b)

apply any of those provisions with such exceptions, additions or adaptations as are specified in the Rules.

(6)

Rules under this section may provide that they apply or do not apply to a Charge if or to the extent that it secures obligations of a Specified description, is a Charge over property of a Specified description or contains provisions of a Specified description.

Market property

170. Application of margin or Default Fund Contribution not affected by certain other interests118

(1)

The following provisions have effect with respect to the application by a Recognised Body or Remote Body of property (other than Real Property) held by the Recognised Body or Remote Body as margin in relation to a Market Contract or as Default Fund Contribution.

(2)

So far as necessary to enable the property to be applied in accordance with the rules of the Recognised Body or Remote Body, it may be so applied notwithstanding any prior equitable interest or right, or any right or remedy arising from a breach of fiduciary duty, unless the Recognised Body or Remote Body had received actual written notice of the interest, right or breach of duty at the time the property was provided as margin or as Default Fund Contribution. In order to be valid, any notice under this subsection may only be delivered to the Recognised Body