 to in subsection (2), (3) or (5) of section 469 (Duties of auditor) of the Companies Regulations.

194. Duty of auditor or actuary resigning etc. to give notice

(1)

This section applies to an auditor or actuary to whom section 191 applies.

(2)

He must without delay notify the Regulator if he—

(a)

is removed from office by an Authorised Person, Recognised Body or Reporting Entity;

(b)

resigns before the expiry of his term of office with such a person; or

(c)

is not re-appointed by such a person.

(3)

If he ceases to be an auditor of, or actuary acting for, such a person, he must without delay notify the Regulator—

(a)

of any matter connected with his so ceasing which he thinks ought to be drawn to the Regulator's attention; or

(b)

that there is no such matter.

195. Provision of false or misleading information to auditor or actuary

A person must not knowingly or recklessly give an Appointed auditor or actuary information which is false or misleading in a material particular.

Part 16 Public Record and Disclosure of Information

The public record

196.

The record of Authorised Persons etc.139

(1)

The Regulator must publish and maintain a record of every140—

(a)

Security admitted to the Official List;

(b)

Authorised Person;

(c)

Public Fund;

(d)

ADGM Green Fund;

(e)

ADGM Climate Transition Fund;

139 Amended 20 September 2022 and 5 December 2024.

140 Amended 21 February 2018, 14 February 2019, 21 March 2021 and 21 June 2023.

129

(f)

ADGM Green Debenture;

(g)

ADGM Sustainability-Linked Debenture;

(h)

ADGM Green Sukuk;

(i)

ADGM Sustainability-Linked Sukuk;

(j)

Approved Prospectus;

(k)

Recognised Investment Exchange or Recognised Clearing House;

(l)

Remote Investment Exchange or Remote Clearing House;

(m)

individual to whom a Prohibition Order relates;

(n)

Trade Repository;

(o)

Remote Member;

(p)

Approved Person;

(q)

Passported Fund;

(r)

Specified Information;

(s)

Specified Benchmark;

(t)

Key Individual;

(u)

Accepted Fiat-Referenced Token; and

(v)

any person falling within such other class (if any) as the Regulator may determine.

(2)

The record must include such information as the Regulator considers appropriate.

(3)

The Regulator shall make a reasonably current version of the records available for viewing by the public during the normal business hours of the Regulator.

Disclosure of information

197. Restrictions on disclosure of Confidential Information

An Authorised Person with a Financial Services Permission to Accept Deposits must not disclose any Confidential Information relating to its depositors in breach of any duty of confidence owed to such depositors.

130

198. Restrictions on disclosure of Confidential Information by the Regulator141

(1)

Confidential Information must not be disclosed by a primary recipient, or by any person obtaining the information directly or indirectly from a primary recipient, without the prior consent of—

(a)

the person from whom the primary recipient obtained the information; and

(b)

if different, the person to whom it relates.

(2)

Each of the following is a primary recipient for the purposes of this Part—

(a)

the Regulator;

(b)

a person Appointed to collect or update information under section 204 or to make a report under section 203;

(c)

any person who is or has been employed by a person mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (b);

(d)

a person who is or has been engaged to provide services to a person mentioned in those paragraphs;

(e)

any auditor or expert instructed by a person mentioned in those paragraphs.

(3)

It is immaterial for the purposes of subsection (1) whether or not the information was received –

(a)

by virtue of a requirement to provide it imposed by or under these Regulations or any Rules made under these Regulations; or

(b)

for any other purposes as well as the purposes for which the information was provided.

199. Exceptions from section 198142

(1)

Subject to subsection (2), the Regulator may disclose Confidential Information for the purpose of facilitating the carrying out of a Public Function