 legible form and intended to have continuing effect, by a Recognised Body to—

(a)

all or any class of its members or users; or

(b)

persons seeking to become members of a Recognised Body or to use its facilities;

with respect to the provision by it or its members of services.

Chapter 3 Clearing, Reporting and Risk Mitigation of OTC Derivatives

140. Commencement

(1)

The provisions of this Chapter 3 shall enter into force at such time as the Regulator shall appoint in Rules made by the Regulator. Different dates may be appointed for different provisions of this Chapter.

(2)

Such Rules may make transitional provision in relation to the entry into force of this Chapter 3.

141. Clearing obligation78

(1)

Counterparties shall clear all OTC Derivative Contracts pertaining to a class of OTC Derivatives that has been declared subject to the clearing obligation in accordance with section 142(1), if those contracts fulfil both of the following conditions—

(a)

they have been concluded in one of the following ways—

(i)

between two Financial Counterparties;

(ii)

between a Financial Counterparty and a Non-Financial Counterparty that meets the conditions referred to in section 147(1)(b);

(iii)

between two Non-Financial Counterparties that meet the conditions referred to in section 147(1)(b);

(iv)

between a Financial Counterparty or a Non-Financial Counterparty meeting the conditions referred to in section 147(1)(b) and an entity established in a jurisdiction outside the Abu Dhabi Global Market that would be subject to the clearing obligation if it were established in the Abu Dhabi Global Market; or

78 Amended 21 February 2018.

83

(v)

between two entities established in one or more jurisdictions outside the Abu Dhabi Global Market that would be subject to the clearing obligation if they were established in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, provided that the contract has a direct, substantial and foreseeable effect within the Abu Dhabi Global Market or where such an obligation is necessary or appropriate to prevent the evasion of any provisions of these Regulations; and

(b)

they are entered into or novated either—

(i)

on or after the date from which the clearing obligation takes effect; or

(ii)

on or after recognition as referred to in section 142(1) but before the date from which the clearing obligation takes effect if the contracts have a remaining maturity higher than the minimum remaining maturity determined by the Regulator in accordance with section 142(1)(c).

(2)

If a class of OTC Derivatives that has been previously declared subject to a clearing obligation in accordance with section 142(1) is no longer cleared by at least one Recognised Clearing House or Remote Clearing House, it shall cease to be subject to the clearing obligation.

(3)

Without prejudice to risk-mitigation techniques under section 148, OTC Derivative Contracts that are Intragroup Transactions shall not be subject to the clearing obligation, provided that, at least 30 days before the use of the exemption, the counterparty or counterparties established in the Abu Dhabi Global Market have notified the Regulator in writing that they intend to make use of the exemption.

(4)

The OTC Derivative Contracts that are subject to the clearing obligation shall be cleared by a Recognised Clearing House or Remote Clearing House. For that purpose a counterparty shall become a Clearing Member, a client, or shall establish indirect clearing arrangements with a Clearing Member, provided that those arrangements do not increase counterparty risk.

(5)

The Regulator may make Rules specifying the contracts that are considered to have a direct, substantial and foreseeable effect within the Abu Dhabi Global Market or the cases where it is necessary or appropriate to prevent the evasion of any provisions of these Regulations as referred to in subsection (1)(a)(v).

142. Clearing obligation procedure

(1)

The Regulator may make Rules specifying—

(a)

a class of OTC Derivatives that shall be subject to the clearing obligation;

(b)

the date or dates from which the clearing obligation takes effect in respect of such class of OTC Derivatives, including any phase-in and the categories of counterparties to which the obligation applies; and

(c)

the minimum remaining maturity of the OTC Derivative Contracts referred to in section 141(1)(