minimising the adverse effects of the activities of the Regulator on competition in the financial services industry;

(g)

the need to use the resources of the Regulator in the most efficient and economical way;

(h)

the principle that a burden or restriction which is imposed on a person, or on the carrying on of an activity, should be proportionate to the benefits, considered in general terms, which are expected to result from the imposition of that burden or restriction;

(i)

the desirability where appropriate of the Regulator exercising its functions in a way that recognises differences in the nature, risks and objectives of businesses carried on by different persons subject to requirements imposed by or under these Regulations;

(j)

the desirability in appropriate cases of the Regulator publishing information relating to persons on whom requirements are imposed by or under these Regulations, or requiring such persons to publish information, as a means of contributing to the advancement by the Regulator of its objectives;

2 Amended 30 December 2024.

2

(k)

the principle that the Regulator should exercise its functions as transparently as possible; and

(l)

complying with relevant generally accepted principles of good governance.

2.

The Chief Executive3

(1)

Pursuant to the ADGM Founding Law, the Board shall appoint, remove and replace the head of the management of the Regulator.

(2)

The head of the management of the Regulator shall have the title of Chief Executive.

(3)

The Board must only remove or replace the Chief Executive when the Board and the President of the Appeals Panel agree that there is Just Cause for such removal or replacement.

Part 2 Rules and Guidance

Chapter 1 Rule-making Powers

3.

General rule-making power of the Regulator4

(1)

The Regulator may make Rules for carrying out the purposes of these Regulations or furthering one or more of its objectives under section 1(3).

(2)

The powers specified in subsection (3) and in any other provision of these Regulations are without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1).

(3)

The Regulator may make such Rules applying to Authorised Persons and Recognised Bodies—

(a)

with respect to the carrying on by them of Regulated Activities; or

(b)

with respect to the carrying on by them of activities which are not Regulated Activities;

as appear to the Regulator to be necessary or expedient for the purpose of furthering one or more of its objectives.

(4)

Such Rules may make provision applying to Authorised Persons or Recognised Bodies even if there is no relationship between the Authorised Persons or Recognised Bodies to whom the Rules will apply and the persons whose interests will be protected by the Rules.

3 Amended 30 December 2021.

4 Amended 21 February 2018.

3

(5)

Such Rules may contain requirements which take into account, in the case of an Authorised Person or Recognised Bodies who is a member of a Group, any activity of another member of the Group.

(6)

Any power of the Regulator to make Rules under these Regulations may be exercised so as to impose requirements on persons who are not Authorised Persons, Approved Persons or Recognised Bodies.

Specific rule-making powers

4.

Client Money Rules

(1)

The Regulator may make Rules relating to the handling of money ("Client Money") held by an Authorised Person in Specified circumstances, which may—

(a)

make provision which results in that money being held on trust (which may be one or more separate trusts) in accordance with the Rules;

(b)

treat two or more accounts as a single account for Specified purposes (which may include the distribution of money held in the accounts);

(c)

authorise the retention by the Authorised Person of interest accruing on the money; and

(d)

make provision as to the distribution of such interest which is not to be retained by the Authorised Person.

(2)

An institution with which an account is kept in pursuance of Rules relating to the handling of Client Money does not incur any liability as constructive trustee if the money is wrongfully paid from the account, unless the institution permits the payment—

(a)

with knowledge that it is wrongful; or

(b)

having deliberately failed to make enquiries in circumstances in which a reasonable and honest person would have done so.

(3)

Rules made by the Regulator may—

(a)

confer