 as the case may be, the fact that no sum is payable.

94 Amended 21 February 2018.

95 Amended 8 August 2023.

96 Amended 21 February 2018.

100

(2)

A Remote Body shall not be subject to the obligation under subsection (1) unless it has been notified by the Regulator that a report is required for the purpose of insolvency proceedings in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(3)

The report under subsection (1) need not deal with a Market Contract which has been transferred in accordance with the Default Rules of a Recognised Clearing House or Remote Clearing House.

(4)

The Recognised Body or Remote Body may make a single report or may make reports from time to time as proceedings are completed with respect to the transactions affecting particular persons.

(5)

The Recognised Body or Remote Body shall supply a copy of every report under this section to the Defaulter and to any Relevant Office-Holder acting in relation to him or his estate.

(6)

When a report under this section is received by the Regulator, it shall publish notice of that fact in such manner as it thinks appropriate for bringing the report to the attention of creditors and debtors of the Defaulter.

(7)

A Recognised Body or Remote Body shall make available for inspection by a creditor or debtor of the Defaulter so much of any report by it under this section as relates to the sum (if any) certified to be due to or from him or the method by which that sum was determined.

(8)

Any such person may require the Recognised Body or Remote Body, on payment of such reasonable fee as the Recognised Body or Remote Body may determine, to provide him with a copy of any part of a report which he is entitled to inspect.

159. Net sum payable on completion of Default Proceedings97

(1)

The following provisions apply with respect to a net sum certified by a Recognised Body or Remote Body under its Default Rules to be payable by or to a Defaulter.

(2)

Any net sum certified by a Recognised Body or Remote Body under its Default Rules shall be final and of declaratory effect, unless manifest error or fraud can be shown or any other subsection of this section provides otherwise.

(3)

If, in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, a petition for Winding-Up has been made, an administration order has been granted, or a resolution for voluntary Winding-Up has been passed, the debt—

(a)

is provable in the Winding-Up or Administration or, as the case may be, is payable to the Relevant Office-Holder; and

(b)

shall be taken into account, where appropriate, paragraph 24 of Schedule 5 of the Insolvency Regulations (Administration: mutual dealings and set-off) or the corresponding provision applicable in the case of Winding-Up or Administration;

97 Amended 21 February 2018 and 8 August 2023.

101

in the same way as a debt due before the commencement of the bankruptcy, the date on which the Body Corporate goes into liquidation (within the meaning of section 299(2) of the Insolvency Regulations), or enters Administration or, in the case of a Limited Liability Partnership (as defined in the Insolvency Regulations), the date of the Winding-Up order or the date on which the Limited Liability Partnership enters Administration.

(4)

In subsection (3), a reference to the making of an administration order shall be taken to include a reference to the appointment of an Administrator under—

(a)

section 21 of the Insolvency Regulations (Power to appoint); or

(b)

section 29 of the Insolvency Regulations (Power to appoint).

(5)

However, where (or to the extent that) a sum is taken into account by virtue of subsection (3)(b) which arises from a contract entered into at a time when the creditor had notice—

(a)

that a meeting of creditors had been summoned under section 171 of the Insolvency Regulations or that a Winding-Up petition was pending; or

(b)

that an application for an administration order was pending or that any person had given notice of intention to appoint an Administrator;

the value of any profit to him arising from the sum being so taken into account (or being so taken into account to that extent) is recoverable from him by the Relevant Office-Holder unless the Court directs otherwise.

