 and 11 December 2018.

134

(b)

submit particulars of any proposed amendment or alteration to its articles of association or any resolutions and agreements to which Chapter 3 of the Companies Regulations applies;146

(c)

restrict dividend payments, distributions or other payments regarding capital instruments in order to retain capital in the Group or Financial Group;

(d)

maintain or raise such amount of capital as determined by the Regulator;

(e)

be restricted from entering into an acquisition or divesture;

(f)

ensure continuity of service between relevant entities of the Group or Financial Group;

(g)

take steps to facilitate the removal from office of directors of the Affiliate who do not meet the Regulator's expectations as regards being fit and proper to direct the Affiliate;

(h)

move funds or assets from entities within the Group or Financial Group to other entities within the Group or Financial Group to address risks more appropriately;

(i)

restructure the Group or Financial Group to allow for effective supervision;

(j)

improve the system of governance or controls at Group or Financial Group level and/or in relation to Subsidiary Undertakings where this is necessary for effective consolidated supervision; or

(k)

take such other measures as are necessary to remove any impediments to effective supervision of the Group or Financial Group on a consolidated basis, including a direction to take steps to restructure the Group or Financial Group.

(4)

A direction issued under this section comes into force on the date specified in it and remains in force, subject to subsection (6), until it is revoked or varied in writing by the Regulator pursuant to subsection (5).

(5)

The Regulator may, by notice, revoke or vary any direction given pursuant to this section.

(6)

A direction issued to Authorised Persons or Recognised Bodies within a specified class under subsection (1), including any variation made to such a direction pursuant to subsection (5), shall not remain in force for a period longer than 12 months from the date specified in the initial direction issued pursuant to subsection (1).

146 Amended 8 August 2023.

135

Skilled Persons

203. Reports by Skilled Persons147

(1)

This section applies where the Regulator has required or could require a person to whom subsection (2) applies (the "Person Concerned") to provide information or produce Documents with respect to any matter (the "Matter Concerned").

(2)

This subsection applies to—

(a)

an Authorised Person, Recognised Body or Remote Body ("A");148

(b)

any other member of A's Group;

(c)

a Partnership of which A is a member; or

(d)

a person who has at any relevant time been a person falling within paragraph (a), (b) or (c);

who is, or was at the relevant time, carrying on a business.

(3)

The Regulator may either—

(a)

by notice in writing given to the Person Concerned, require the Person Concerned to provide the Regulator with a report on the Matter Concerned; or

(b)

itself appoint a person to provide the Regulator with a report on the Matter Concerned.

(4)

When acting under subsection (3)(a), the Regulator may require the report to be in such form as may be specified in the notice.

(5)

The Regulator must give notice of an appointment under subsection (3)(b) to the Person Concerned.

(6)

The person Appointed to make a report—

(a)

must be a person appearing to the Regulator to have the skills necessary to make a report on the Matter Concerned; and

(b)

where the appointment is to be made by the Person Concerned, must be a person nominated or approved by the Regulator.

(7)

It is the duty of—

(a)

the Person Concerned; and

147 Amended 8 August 2023.

148 Amended 21 February 2018.

136

(b)

any person who is providing (or who has at any time provided) services to the Person Concerned in relation to the Matter Concerned;

to give the person Appointed to prepare a report such assistance as the Appointed person may reasonably require.

(8)

The obligation imposed by subsection (7) is enforceable, on the application of the Regulator, by an injunction.

(9)

The Regulator may make Rules providing for expenses incurred by it in relation to an appointment