a company service provider that carries out any of the following services to a customer:

(i)

acting as a formation agent of a Legal Person;

(ii)

acting as (or arranging for another person to act as) a director or secretary of a company, a partner of a partnership or a similar position in relation to other Legal Persons or any other legal arrangement;

(iii)

providing a registered office, business address accommodation, correspondence or administrative address for a Legal Person or any other legal arrangement;

or

(iv)

acting as (or arranging for another person to act as) a trustee of an

215 Amended 8 April 2019, 20 September 2022 and December 2024.

191

Designated Non-Member

Developing Financial Technology Services within the RegLab216

216 Amended 9 October 2016.

express the equivalent function for another form of legal arrangement; or

trust or performing

(v)

acting as (or arranging for another Person to act as) a nominee shareholder for another person.

means a person in respect of whom action may be taken under the Default Rules of the Recognised Investment Exchange who is not a member of the Recognised Investment Exchange.

means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 73A of Schedule 1.

192

Direction217

means, for the purposes of—

(a)

sections 9 and 10, a direction under section 9;

(b)

Reporting Entities and their obligations under Part 6, a direction under section 84;

(c)

suspending an Abuse, a direction under section 99;

investigation

into Market

(d)

the name of a Fund or Sub-Fund, a direction under section 117;

(e)

the Regulator's powers under Part 12, a direction under sections 130, 132, 133 and 137;

(f)

the Regulator's powers under Part 13, a direction under sections 153, 162 and 164;

(g)

the Regulator's powers under Part 17, a direction under sections 206 and 217;

(h)

the Regulator’s powers under Part 2 concerning Spot Commodities a direction under subsection 5A(2); and

Virtual

Assets

or

(i)

the Regulator’s powers under Part 2 concerning Virtual Assets or Fiat-Referenced Tokens a direction under subsection 5B(1).

Director

includes, in relation to a Body Corporate—

(a)

a person occupying in relation to it the position of a director (by whatever name called); and

(b)

a person in accordance with whose directions or instructions (not being advice given in a professional capacity) the directors of that body are accustomed to act.

Disclosing Person

means the person making a disclosure in accordance with section 101.

Discontinuance

means a discontinuance of Listing in accordance with section 53.

217 Amended 25 June 2018, 17 February 2020 and 4 June 2025.

193

Documents

means any record of information recorded physically, electronically or in any other form and, in relation to information recorded otherwise than in legible form, references to its production include references to producing a copy of the information in legible form, or in a form from which it can readily be produced in visible and legible form.

Domestic Fund

means a Fund established or domiciled in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

EEA Competent Authority218

means, for the purposes of subsection 199(2), a public authority or body officially recognised by national law of a jurisdiction within the EEA and empowered by that national law to supervise institutions as part of the supervisory system.

Effecting Contracts of Insurance

means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 31 of Schedule 1.

Eligible Custodian 219

means, in relation to a Fund, a person that is a separate legal entity from the Fund Manager and that also meets one or more of the following criteria:

(a)

an Authorised Person whose Financial Services Permission authorises it to Provide Custody;

(b)

an Authorised Person that is a Bank;

(c)

a Recognised Body or Remote Body;

(d)

a legal entity that is authorised and supervised by a Non-ADGM Financial Services Regulator in a Recognised Jurisdiction for Providing Custody in respect of a Fund and is subject to a minimum capital requirement of 4 million US Dollars or its equivalent in any other