 to the activity specified in paragraph 33.

The activity

Insurance Management

Insurance Management is a specified kind of activity.

Insurance Management means providing management services or exercising managerial functions for an insurer.

In sub-paragraph administration and underwriting.

(2) management services and managerial functions

Exclusions

Employees and Authorised Persons

A person does not provide Insurance Management to an Insurer if he is an employee of that Insurer.

An Authorised Person does not provide Insurance Management if it is an Insurer.

The exclusion in paragraph 75 applies to the activity specified in paragraph 36.

Chapter 5 Accepting Deposits

The activity

Accepting Deposits

Accepting Deposits is a specified kind of activity if—

(a)

money received by way of Deposit is lent to others; or

(b)

any other activity of the person accepting the Deposit is financed wholly, or to a material extent, out of the capital of or interest on money received by way of Deposit.

Exclusions

Sums paid by certain persons

A sum is not a Deposit for the purposes of paragraph 38 if it is—

(a)

paid by any of the following persons—

include

241

(i)

an Authorised Person who has permission to Accept Deposits, or to Effect Contracts of Insurance or Carry Out Contracts of Insurance as Principal;

(ii)

the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development;

(iii)

the International Finance Corporation; and

(iv)

the International Monetary Fund;

(b)

paid by a person other than one mentioned in sub-paragraph (a) in the course of carrying on a business consisting wholly or to a significant extent of lending money;

(c)

paid by one Body Corporate to another at a time when both are members of the same Group or when the same individual is a majority Shareholder of both of them or when both are or propose to become participators in a Joint Enterprise and the sum is paid for the purpose of or in connection with that enterprise;

(d)

paid by a person who, at the time when it is paid, is a Close Relative of the person receiving it or who is, or is a Close Relative of, a Director or manager of that person or who is, or is a Close Relative of, a Controller of that person; or

(e)

paid by a person by way of investment in a restricted Profit Sharing Investment Account332.

(2)

In the application of sub-paragraph (d) to a sum paid by a Partnership, that sub-paragraph is to have effect as if, for the reference to the person paying the sum, there were substituted a reference to each of the Partners.

Sums received by lawyers etc.

(1)

A sum is not a Deposit for the purposes of paragraph 38 if it is received by a practising lawyer acting in the course of his profession.

(2)

In sub-paragraph (1), "practising lawyer" means a lawyer who is qualified to act as such under the laws of any jurisdiction.

Sums received in consideration for the issue of debt financial instruments

(1)

Subject to sub-paragraph (2), a sum is not a Deposit for the purposes of paragraph 38 if it is received by a person as consideration for the issue by him of any investment of the kind specified by paragraphs 88, 89 or 90.

(2)

The exclusion in sub-paragraph (1) does not apply to the receipt by a person of a sum as consideration for the issue by him of commercial paper unless—

(a)

the commercial paper is issued to persons—

332 Amended 13 January 2020.

242

(i)

whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or

(ii)

who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; and

(b)

the redemption value of the commercial paper is not less than 150,000 US Dollars (or an amount of equivalent value denominated wholly or partly in a currency other than US Dollars), and no part of the commercial paper may be transferred unless the redemption value of that part is not less than 150,000 US Dollars (or such an equivalent amount).

(3)

In sub-paragraph (2), "commercial paper" means an investment of the kind specified by paragraph 88, 89 or 90 having a maturity