irect Clearing Services; and

(b)

to which Regulations will apply for the purposes of an Administration or Winding-Up.

means the money held by an Authorised Person that is to be handled in accordance with Rules made under section 4.

means a contract between two or more of the parties mentioned in section 151(6) which corresponds to a Clearing Member Client Contract.

means, in relation to a person—

(a)

his spouse;

(b)

his children and step children, his parents and step parents, his brothers and sisters and his step brothers and step sisters; and

(c)

spouse the paragraph (b).

of

any

person within

means the code made by the Regulator in accordance with section 96.

has the meaning given to that term in section 167(1).

has the meaning given to that term in section 106(1).

means investments falling within paragraphs 94, 95 and 96 of Schedule 1, in so far as those investments relate to commodities.

184

Company

Companies Regulations204

Confidential Information

Connected Person

Constitution

204 Amended 8 August 2023.

means—

(a)

any Body Corporate (wherever incorporated); and

(b)

any unincorporated body constituted under the law of a country, territory or jurisdiction outside the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

Means the Companies Regulations 2020.

means information which, regardless of whether or not the information was received by virtue of a requirement to provide it imposed by or under these Regulations—

(a)

relates to the business or other affairs of any person; and

(b)

was received by the recipient for the purposes of, or in the discharge of, any functions of the Regulator under any Rules made by or under these Regulations;

unless—

(c)

the information has been made available to the public by virtue of being disclosed in any circumstances in which, or for any purposes for which, disclosure is not precluded by this section; or

(d)

it is in the form of a summary or collection of information so framed that it is not possible to ascertain from it information relating to any particular person.

has the meaning given to that term in the Rules made by the Regulator in accordance with section 76(2)(a).

means, in relation to a Fund—

(a)

which is in the form of a Body Corporate, the instrument of incorporation;

(b)

which is in the form of an Investment Trust, the Trust Deed;

185

Contract of Insurance

Contract of Long-Term Insurance

Control

Control of Information Rules

Controlled Function

Controller

Corporate Governance205

205 Amended 21 February 2018.

(c)

which is in the form of a Partnership, the partnership deed; and

(d)

adopting a form other than the one specified in paragraphs (a) to (c), any instrument creating legal form of the Fund to which the Fund Manager is a party setting out provisions to any aspect of the operation or

the

relating management of

the Fund.

has the meaning given to that term in Part 4 of Schedule 1.

means a Contract of Insurance, expressed to be in force for more than one year, where under the terms of the contract any of the following conditions exists—

(a)

the payment of the whole or part of the benefits is dependent upon termination or the continuation or human life;

(b)

the payment of any part of the premiums is or the dependent

upon

termination

continuation of human life;

(c) payment a child; or

the benefits under the contract

include of a sum on marriage or on the birth of

(d)

the contract is a permanent health insurance contract.

has the meaning given to that term in the Rules made by the Regulator.

means the Rules made by the Regulator under section 7(3).

means, in relation to the carrying on of a Regulated Activity by an Authorised Person, a function of a in the Rules made by the description specified Regulator.

has the meaning given to that term in the Rules made by the Regulator.

in relation to a Reporting Entity, includes—

186

(a)

the nature, constitution or functions of the organs of the Reporting Entity;

(b)

the manner in which organs of the Reporting Entity conduct themselves;

(c)

the requirements imposed on organs of the Reporting Entity;

(d)

the relationship between the different organs of the Reporting Entity; and

(e)

the relationship