(a)

the Applicant; and

(b)

the person in respect of whom the Application is made.

means any body the members of which comprise—

(a)

states or legal jurisdictions including the Abu Dhabi Global Market and the UAE; or

(b)

bodies whose members comprise states or legal jurisdictions including the Abu Dhabi Global Market and the UAE.

means transactions occurring between two members of the same Group.

means any one of the powers set out in section 217(1).

means a person Appointed under section 205 to conduct an investigation.

means, in relation to a Fund, a limited partnership established for the sole purpose of collective investment which is formed and registered under the Limited Partnership Act 1907 (Chapter 24).

means an express trust created solely for collective investment purposes in accordance with section 114.

means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 64 of Schedule 1.

(a)

for the purposes of Part 6—

(i)

in relation to an Offer of Securities or admission of Securities to the Official

201

Issuing a Fiat-Referenced Token241

Joint Enterprise

Just Cause

Key Individual

Knowingly Concerned

241 Amended 5 December 2024

List, means a legal person who issues or proposes to issue the Securities in question; and

(ii)

in relation to anything else which is or may be admitted to the Official List, has such meaning as may be prescribed in the Rules made by the Regulator;

(b)

for the purposes of Part 14, and in relation to a Financial Instrument, means the person who issued such Financial Instrument; and

(c)

in any other case, means a person issuing a Financial Instrument.

means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 53B of Schedule 1.

means an enterprise into which two or more persons (the "participators") enter for commercial purposes related to a business or businesses (other than the business of engaging in a Regulated Activity) carried on by them, and, where a participator is a member of a Group, each other member of the Group is also to be regarded as a participator in the enterprise.

means inability, incapacity or misbehaviour.

means an individual assigned to oversee a Regulatory Function of a Recognised Body who is employed or appointed by that Recognised Body in connection with that Recognised Body's business, whether under a contract of service or otherwise.

means, for the purposes of sections 220, 236, 239 and 241, a person who—

(a)

has aided, abetted, counselled or procured the contravention;

(b)

has induced, whether by threats or promises or otherwise, the contravention;

202

Legal Person242

Lender243

Listed Fund

Listing

Listing Authority

Listing Rules

Managing Assets

Managing a Collective Investment Fund

Managing a Profit Sharing Investment Account

Market Abuse

242 Amended 8 April 2019.

243 Amended 27 April 2023.

(c)

has in any way, by act or omission, directly or indirectly been knowingly involved in or been party to, the contravention; or

(d)

has conspired with another or others to effect the contravention.

means any entity other than an individual that can establish a customer relationship with a Relevant Person or otherwise own property. This can include companies, Bodies Corporate or unincorporate, trusts, foundations, Partnerships, associations, states and governments and other relevantly similar entities.

means—

(a)

the person providing Credit under a Credit Facility; or

(b)

a person who exercises or has the right to exercise the rights and duties of a person who provided Credit under such an agreement.

means a Fund where the Units are or have been admitted to the Official List.

means being admitted accordance with Part 6.

to

the Official List

in

has the meaning given to that term in section 50(1).

means the Rules made under Part 6 which relate to Listing.

means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 56 of Schedule 1.

means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 59 of Schedule 1.

means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 64(2) of Schedule 1.

has the meaning given to that term in section 92(1).

203

Market Contracts

means the contracts described in sections 151(1) to (5).

Matter Concerned

has the meaning given to that term