 be digitally traded and functions as

(a) a medium of exchange; and/or

(b) a unit of account; and/or

(c) a store of value, but does not have legal tender

status in any jurisdiction.

A Virtual Asset is -

(a) neither issued nor guaranteed by a government or central bank of any jurisdiction, and fulfils the

312 Amended 30 December 2024.

313 Amended 30 December 2024.

314 Amended 8 August 2023.

315 Amended 25 June 2018, 17 February 2020 and 4 June 2025.

226

above functions only by agreement within the community of users of the Virtual Asset;

(b) distinguished from Fiat Currency and E-money;

and

(c)

not a Specified Investment, Fiat-Referenced Token or Spot Commodity.

Voting Shares

in relation to a Body Corporate and for the purposes of paragraph 78 of Schedule 1 and paragraph 32 of Schedule 2, means Shares carrying voting rights attributable to share capital which are exercisable in all circumstances at any general meeting of that Body Corporate.

Winding-Up316

means a voluntary winding-up or winding up by the Court performed in accordance with Part 3 of the Insolvency Regulations.

Zone 1

means any of Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hong Kong, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom and the United States of America.

(2)

For the purposes of any provision of these Regulations (other than a provision of Part 6) authorising or requiring a person to do anything within a specified number of days no account is to be taken of any day which is a public holiday in any part of the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

259. Carrying on Regulated Activities in the Abu Dhabi Global Market

(1)

In the cases described in this section, a person who—

(a)

is carrying on a Regulated Activity; but

(b)

would not otherwise be regarded as carrying it on in the Abu Dhabi Global Market;

is, for the purposes of these Regulations, to be regarded as carrying it on in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(2)

The first case is where—

(a)

his registered office (or if he does not have a registered office his head office) is in the Abu Dhabi Global Market;

316 Amended 30 December 2024.

227

(b)

the day-to-day management of the carrying on of the Regulated Activity is the responsibility of—

(i)

his registered office (or head office); or

(ii)

another establishment maintained by him in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(3)

The second case is where—

(a)

his head office is not in the Abu Dhabi Global Market; but

(b)

the activity is carried on from an establishment maintained by him in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

260. Group

(1)

In these Regulations, "Group", in relation to a person ("A"), means A and any person who is—

(a)

a Parent Undertaking of A;

(b)

a Subsidiary Undertaking of A;

(c)

a Subsidiary Undertaking of a Parent Undertaking of A;

(d)

a Parent Undertaking of a Subsidiary Undertaking of A; or

(e)

an undertaking in which A or an undertaking mentioned in paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) has a participating interest.

(2)

"Participating Interest" has the meaning given to that term in section 261, but also includes an interest held by an individual which would be a Participating Interest for the purposes of those provisions if he were taken to be an undertaking.

261. Meaning of "Participating Interest"

(1)

In section 260, a "Participating Interest" means an interest held by an Undertaking in the Shares of another Undertaking which it holds on a long-term basis for the purpose of securing a contribution to its activities by the exercise of control or influence arising from or related to that interest.

(2)

A holding of 20 per cent or more of the Shares of an Undertaking is presumed to be a Participating Interest unless the contrary is shown.

(3)

The reference in subsection (1) to an interest in Shares includes—

(a)

an