 be shown that there existed an understanding that (notwithstanding the express terms of the contract) delivery would not be made within seven days.

The following are indications that a contract not falling within sub-paragraph (3) or (4) is made for commercial purposes and the absence of them is an indication that it is made for investment purposes—

(a)

one or more of the parties is a producer of the commodity or other property, or uses it in his business;

(b)

the seller delivers or intends to deliver the property or the purchaser takes or intends to take delivery of it.

It is an indication that a contract is made for commercial purposes that the prices, the lot, the delivery date or other terms are determined by the parties for the purposes of the particular contract and not by reference (or not solely by reference) to regularly published prices, to standard lots or delivery dates or to standard terms.

The following are indications that a contract is made for investment purposes—

(a)

it is expressed to be as traded on an investment exchange;

(b)

performance of the contract is ensured by an investment exchange or a clearing house;

(c)

there are arrangements for the payment or provision of margin.

For the purposes of sub-paragraph (1), a price is to be taken to be agreed on when a contract is made—

(a)

notwithstanding that it is left to be determined by reference to the price at which a contract is to be entered into on a market or exchange or could be entered into at a time and place specified in the contract; or

(b)

in a case where the contract is expressed to be by reference to a standard lot and quality, notwithstanding that provision is made for a variation in the price to take account of any variation in quantity or quality on delivery.

Contracts for differences etc.

Subject to sub-paragraph (2), rights under—

(a)

a contract for differences; or

275

(b)

any other contract the purpose or pretended purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss by reference to fluctuations in—

(i)

the value or price of property of any description; or

(ii)

an index or other factor designated for that purpose in the contract.

(2)

There are excluded from sub-paragraph (1)—

(a)

rights under a contract if the parties intend that the profit is to be secured or the loss is to be avoided by one or more of the parties taking delivery of any property to which the contract relates;

(b)

rights under a contract under which money is received by way of deposit on terms that any interest or other return to be paid on the sum deposited will be calculated by reference to fluctuations in an index or other factor;

(c)

rights under a Contract of Insurance.

Credit Facility368

Rights under a Credit Facility.

Rights to or interests in investments

(1)

Subject to sub-paragraph (2), any right to or interest in anything which is specified by any other provision of this Part.

(2)

Sub-paragraph (1) does not include anything which is specified by any other provision of this Part.

Shari'a-compliant Specified Investments

Any investment specified in paragraphs 85 to 98 that complies with Shari'a.

99A. Structured Products369

(1)

In this Regulation a “Structured Product” is a Financial Instrument comprising rights under a contract where:

(a)

the gain or loss of each party to the contract is ultimately determined by reference to the fluctuations in the value or price of property of any description, an index, interest rate, exchange rate or a combination of any of these as specified for that purpose in the contract (the “underlying factor”) and is not leveraged upon such fluctuations;

368 Amended 27 April 2023.

369 Amended 21 February 2018, 20 September 2022 and 8 August 2023.

276

(b)

the gain or loss of each party is wholly settled by cash or set-off between the parties;

(c)

each party is not exposed to any contingent liabilities to any other counterparty; and

(d)

there is readily available public information in relation to the underlying factor;

but excludes any rights under a Financial Instrument:

(e)

where one or more of the parties takes delivery of any property to which the contract relates;

(f)

which is a Debenture; or

(g)

which is a Contract of Insurance.

99B. Environmental Instruments370

In this Regulation an “Environmental Instrument” is