 to time.

means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 32 of Schedule 1.

includes money in any form.

means any form of security, purposes of section 38 and Part 13, a mortgage.

including, for the

means—

(a)

for the purposes of Part 1 and Part 19, the head of the management of the Regulator;

(b)

in relation to a Body Corporate whose principal place of business is within the Abu Dhabi Global Market, an employee of that body who, alone or jointly with one or more others, is responsible under the immediate authority of the Directors, for the conduct of the whole of the business of that body; and

(c)

in relation to a Body Corporate whose principal place of business is outside the Abu Dhabi Global Market, means the person who, alone or is jointly with one or more others, responsible for the conduct of its business within the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

means a subset of Derivatives sharing common and essential characteristics the relationship with the underlying asset, the type of underlying asset, and currency of notional amount. Derivatives belonging to the same class may have different maturities.

including at

least

means, in relation to a Recognised Clearing House or Remote Clearing House, the process of establishing positions with the Recognised Clearing House or Remote Clearing House, including the calculation of that Financial net obligations and ensuring

182

Instruments, Cash, or both, are available to secure the exposures arising from those positions.

Clearing Member200

means—

(a)

in relation to a Recognised Clearing House or Remote Clearing House, an undertaking which participates in a Recognised Clearing House or Remote Clearing House and which is responsible financial for discharging obligations arising from that participation; and

the

(b)

for the purposes of section 165, a clearing member to which the law of the Abu Dhabi Global Market will apply for the purposes of an Administration or Winding-Up.

Clearing Member Client Contract201 means a contract between a Recognised Clearing House or Remote Clearing House and one or more of the parties mentioned in section 151(6) which is recorded in the accounts of the Recognised Clearing House as a position held for the account of a Client, an Indirect Client or a group of Clients or Indirect Clients.

Clearing Member House Contract202 means a contract between a Recognised Clearing House or Remote Clearing House and a Clearing Member recorded in the accounts of the Recognised Clearing House or Remote Clearing House as a position held for the account of a Clearing Member.

Clearing Services203

means, for the purposes of Part 13—

(a)

the services provided by a Recognised Body or Remote Body in connection with contracts between each of the parties or the Recognised Body or Remote Body (in place of, or as an alternative to, a contract directly between the parties);

(b)

the services provided by a Recognised Body or Remote Body to another Recognised Body or

200 Amended 21 February 2018.

201 Amended 21 February 2018.

202 Amended 21 February 2018.

203 Amended 21 February 2018.

183

Client

Client Money

Client Trade

Close Relative

Code of Market Conduct

Collateral Security Arrangements

Collective Investment Fund

Commodity Derivative

Remote Body in connection with contracts between them; or

(c)

the services provided by a Recognised Investment Exchange to a Recognised Clearing House or to another Recognised in connection with Investment Exchange contracts between them;

for the purpose of enabling the rights and liabilities of Investment Exchange, that member, Recognised Remote Body or other Recognised Clearing House under a transaction to be settled.

means for the purposes of Part 13, a client—

(a)

which offers Indirect Clearing Services; and

(b)

to which Regulations will apply for the purposes of an Administration or Winding-Up.

means the money held by an Authorised Person that is to be handled in accordance with Rules made under section 4.

means a contract between two or more of the parties mentioned in section 151(6) which corresponds to a Clearing Member Client Contract.

means, in relation to a person—

(a)

his spouse;

(b)

his children and step children, his parents and step parents, his brothers and sisters and his step brothers and step sisters; and

(c)

