ably and proportionately in the exercise of our enforcement powers;

(d)

we will act swiftly and decisively to stop conduct which threatens the integrity of ADGM or the stability of the financial services industry in ADGM, minimise its effects, and prevent such conduct from re-occurring;

(e)

we aim to:

(i)

deter or reduce the likelihood of future non-compliance;

(ii)

reduce or eliminate any financial gain or benefit from non-compliance; and

(iii)

where appropriate, remedy the harm caused by the non-compliance.

6.2

Enforcement framework

Enforcement is one of a number of regulatory tools available to us. We will take enforcement action in line with our objectives and approach to enforcement and may conduct investigations where there is a suspected contravention.

Confidential

45

GPM VER06.020125

As a risk-based regulator, priority will be given to those areas which pose the biggest risk

to achieving our objectives.

The proactive supervision and monitoring of Authorised Persons and Recognised Bodies and an open and co-operative relationship with their supervisors may, in some cases where a contravention of FSMR or Rules has taken place, lead us to decide against taking formal disciplinary action. In those cases, we would expect the firm or person to act promptly in taking the necessary remedial action agreed with its supervisors to deal with our concerns. If the firm or person does not take such action, we may then proceed to take formal enforcement action.

General contravention provisions

Pursuant to section 218 of FSMR, a person commits a contravention if they:

(a)

do an act or thing that the person is prohibited from doing by or under FSMR or Rules;

(b)

fail to do an act or thing that the person is required or directed to do by or under FSMR or Rules;

(c)

fail to comply with a requirement or condition imposed by or under FSMR or Rules; or

(d)

otherwise contravene a provision of FSMR or Rules.

Involvement in contravention

If a person is Knowingly Concerned in a contravention of FSMR or Rules committed by another person then, under section 220 of FSMR, both persons may be held liable for committing a contravention.

A person is "Knowingly Concerned" in a contravention if the person:

(a)

has aided, abetted, counselled or procured the contravention;

(b)

has induced, whether by threats or promises or otherwise, the contravention;

(c)

has in any way, by act or omission, directly or indirectly, been knowingly involved in or been party to, the contravention; or

(d)

has conspired with another or others to effect the contravention.

Enforcement assessment: Threshold Conditions cases

We may take enforcement action against an Authorised Person who no longer meets the Threshold Conditions. We view the Threshold Conditions as being fundamental requirements for a firm operating within ADGM under a Financial Services Permission.

Confidential

46

GPM VER06.020125

Enforcement assessment: Recognition and Remote Recognition Requirements

We may take enforcement action against a Recognised Body or Remote Recognised Body longer satisfies the Recognition Requirements or Remote Recognition that no Requirements, as applicable. We view the Recognition Requirements, and Remote Recognition Requirements as being fundamental requirements for Recognised Bodies and Remote Bodies operating under a Recognition Order.

Decision to investigate

We will assess on a case-by-case basis whether to carry out a formal investigation pursuant to section 205 of FSMR, having considered all the available information including those factors set out in section 6.4 below.

Enforcement process

When taking enforcement action, we will generally adopt the following process:

(a)

Step 1 - Assessment of complaints and referrals (section 6.3);

(b)

Step 2 - Commencement of an investigation (section 6.4);

(c)

Step 3 - Information gathering (section 6.5);

(d)

Step 4 - Analysis of information provided (section 6.7);

(e)

Step 5 - Assessment of remedies (section 6.8); and

(f)

Step 6 - Conclusion of the investigation (section 6.9).

6.3

Step 1 - Assessment of complaints and referrals

Assessment of complaints and referrals concerning suspected misconduct or suspected contraventions is a key function of our regulatory remit