020125

where the individual requires time to realise their assets, for example, by waiting for payment of a salary or by selling property.

Firms

We will consider reducing the amount of a financial penalty if a firm will suffer serious financial hardship as a result of having to pay the entire financial penalty. In deciding whether it is appropriate to reduce the financial penalty, we will take into consideration the firm's financial circumstances, including whether the financial penalty would render the firm insolvent or threaten the firm's solvency. We will also take into account our statutory objectives, for example, in situations where clients would be harmed, or market confidence would suffer. We may also consider if it is appropriate to reduce a financial penalty in order to allow a firm to continue in business and/or pay redress.

There may be cases where, even though the individual or firm has satisfied us that payment of the financial penalty would cause serious financial hardship, we consider the contravention to be so serious that it is not appropriate to reduce the financial penalty. We will consider all the circumstances of the case in determining whether this course of action is appropriate, including whether:

(a)

the individual or firm directly or indirectly derived an economic benefit from the contravention and, if so, the extent of that economic benefit;

(b)

the individual or firm acted fraudulently or dishonestly with a view to personal gain;

(c)

previous action by us in respect of similar contraventions has failed to improve industry standards; or

(d)

the individual or firm has spent money or dissipated assets in anticipation of enforcement action with a view to frustrating or limiting the impact of action taken by us or other authorities.

Cancellation of Financial Services Permission, withdrawal of Approval or revocation of Recognition

As set out in Chapter 7, we may cancel a firm's Financial Services Permission, withdraw Approval of an Approved Person or Principal Representative, or revoke a Recognition Order, as well as impose a financial penalty. Such action by us does not affect our assessment of the appropriate financial penalty in relation to a contravention. However, the fact that we have done so, as a result of which the relevant person may have less earning potential, may be relevant in assessing whether the financial penalty will cause the firm or individual serious financial hardship.

8.8

Adjustment for cooperation/early settlement

It is our policy to encourage and recognise cooperation. A cooperative approach to dealing with us will be taken into consideration when assessing what type of enforcement action to pursue and/or what remedy we will seek. Cooperation can take many forms, including but not limited to:

Confidential

86

GPM VER06.020125

(a)

self-reporting any misconduct to us and disclosing all the relevant information;

(b)

assisting us voluntarily during the investigation;

(c)

admitting any misconduct that the person has committed or was involved in committing.

For the avoidance of doubt, merely fulfilling the person’s legal obligations will not be considered as cooperation for the purpose of assessing any adjustment to a financial penalty imposed on a firm or an individual.

persons subject to enforcement action may be prepared to agree on the amount of any financial penalty, if a settlement discount is applied, and other conditions which we seek to impose, for example, the amount or mechanism for the payment of compensation to consumers. We recognise the benefits of such agreements in that they offer the potential for securing earlier redress or protection for clients and the saving of cost to the person concerned, and us, in contesting the financial penalty. The financial penalty that might otherwise be payable, in respect of a contravention by the person concerned, may, therefore, be reduced to reflect the timing of any settlement agreement.

In appropriate cases, our approach may be to negotiate with the person concerned to agree in principle on the amount of a financial penalty having regard to our policy as set out in Chapter 7. Where part of a proposed financial penalty specifically equates to the disgorgement of profit accrued or loss avoided, then the percentage reduction will not apply to that part of the financial penalty.

Confidential

87

GPM VER06.020125

9.

DECISION-MAKING

9.1

Introduction

This Chapter sets out our general approach to making decisions when exercising our

discretionary powers.

For our approach to decision-making in relation to contraventions of our Tax Reporting

Regulations, see Chapter 11.

9.2 Who can exercise our powers