 the firm, risk assessments and risk and impact ratings;

(c)

using appropriate supervisory tools; and

(d)

where applicable, considering any lead or consolidated supervision which a firm or its Group may be subject to in other jurisdictions, taking into account our relationship with other regulators and the extent to which it or they meet appropriate regulatory criteria and standards.

3.1.3 We believe a firm's culture and behaviour affect both its overall financial condition and its interaction with individual customers and market counterparties. Our aim is to reduce the risk and impact of a failure or inappropriate conduct by requiring our regulated firms to have sound risk management systems and adequate internal controls.

Risk management cycle

3.1.4 We adopt a structured risk management cycle. This comprises the identification, assessment, prioritisation, mitigation and monitoring of risks. It ensures appropriate action is taken upon the identification and/or materialisation of risks.

3.1.5 We will identify and collate a comprehensive set of indicators on a regular basis which provides insights into the financial position and business activities of all our regulated entities. This data set allows us to assess the specific risk profile of regulated entities, sectoral risks by types of entities, and systemic risks posed by the firms to other market counterparties and the wider financial system.

3.1.6 Based on the analysis of this data set, we will prioritise and step up our supervision with respect to certain firms as appropriate, or use thematic reviews to target certain products, services or practices across a set of firms, to mitigate any emerging, specific or systemic risks.

Confidential

23

GPM VER06.020125

3.1.7 We will monitor and use this data, amongst other factors, to review the effectiveness of our mitigation plans, and set organisational risk tolerances to allocate our supervisory resources.

Impact and risk ratings

3.1.8 The impact and risk rating is an assessment of the potential adverse consequences that could follow from the failure of, or significant misconduct by, a firm. The potential adverse consequences include not only the direct financial impact on the firm's customers, counterparties and stakeholders, but also the potential for damage to our reputation and objectives.

3.1.9

In assessing the impact rating, we will consider a variety of factors such as:

(a)

the complexity of the firm’s activities and structure, which is dependent on the nature and type of Regulated Activities it conducts. For instance, a firm that holds customers’ deposits and assets will be operationally more complex and more difficult to resolve any issues or to supervise into compliance, as opposed to a Regulated Activity that does not involve accepting/holding customers’ assets;

(b)

the scale of the firm’s activities and its linkages with other financial institutions and the wider financial system.

3.1.10 The risk rating is an assessment of the firm’s level of risk exposure or probability of failure across a wide range of risk factors. It takes into consideration a number of broad risk groups, including:

(a)

financial strength;

(b)

liquidity;

(c)

credit risk;

(d)

market risk;

(e)

AML/CFT and financial crime;

(f)

conduct risk;

(g)

operational risk;

(h)

corporate governance;

(i)

internal control system; and

(j)

business model risk.

3.1.11 The combination of the risk and the impact will determine the level and intensity of supervision. Firms with higher ratings will be subject to higher supervisory intensity. Our supervisory oversight of these firms will entail more frequent and routine engagements and on-site visits to oversee the activities and developments in the firm. These

Confidential

24

GPM VER06.020125

engagements would typically involve discussions with the board and senior management, business and compliance heads, auditors and risk managers of the firm and, in the case of overseas financial Groups, its head office staff and home country regulators.

Risk mitigation

3.1.12 Whenever appropriate, we may inform the firm of the steps it needs to take in relation to specific risks. We then expect the firm to demonstrate that it has taken appropriate steps to mitigate these risks.

3.1.13 Where necessary, risk mitigation programmes may be developed for a firm in order to

mitigate or remove identified areas of risk.

Our relationship with firms

3.1.14 In order to meet our objectives, we require an open, transparent and co-operative relationship with our regulated firms. We