% is required to obtain our prior approval before doing so. A Controller does not require our prior approval if they are simply increasing their level of control within the same control band that is specified in GEN 8.8.4(2). Our assessment of a proposed acquisition or increase in control of a Domestic Firm is a review of such a firm's continued fitness and propriety and ability to conduct business soundly and prudently and takes into account considerations set out in paragraph 2.2.9.

3.2.22 Under GEN 8.8.5(1), a person who proposes either to acquire or increase the level of control in a Domestic Firm must provide written notice to us in such form as we shall set. We may approve of, object to or impose conditions relating to the proposed acquisition or the proposed increase in the level of control of the firm. If the information in the written application lodged with us is incomplete or unclear, we may in writing request further clarification or information. We may do so at any time during the processing of such an application. The period of 90 days within which we will make a decision will not commence until such clarification or additional information is provided to our satisfaction. We may, in our absolute discretion, agree to a shorter period for processing an application where an applicant requests for such a period, provided all the information required is available to us.

3.2.23 Where we propose to object to or impose conditions relating to a proposed acquisition of or increase in the level of control in a Domestic Firm, we will first notify the applicant in writing of its proposal to do so and its reasons. We will take into account any representations made by an applicant before making our final decision.

3.2.24 We may consider whether a person has become an unacceptable Controller as a result of any notification given by a firm, including under GEN 8.8.11(2) or as a result of our supervisory work. The considerations which we will take into account in assessing whether a person is an acceptable Controller are those set out in paragraph 3.2.21.

Confidential

29

GPM VER06.020125

3.2.25 We may request, in writing, any further information required to enable us to complete our assessment of the application no later than the 50th Business Day of the assessment period.

3.3

Supervision of Representative Offices

3.3.1 As part of our risk-based approach to supervising firms, we may undertake periodic visits to Representative Offices and may also include Representative Offices in our thematic visits.

3.3.2 Onsite visits to Representative Offices are likely to focus on issues including:

(a)

confirming that activities undertaken by the Representative Office are allowed under its Financial Services Permission;

(b)

reviewing the adequacy of its systems and controls to comply with its responsibilities;

(c)

reviewing the material distributed by the Representative Office to ensure it is clear, fair and not misleading;

(d)

any solvency concerns with the head office or Group; and

(e)

the firm's disclosure of its regulated status.

3.3.3 The onsite visit is likely to include interviews with the Principal Representative and a

review of relevant records.

3.4

Supervision of Recognised Bodies

Introduction

3.4.1 FSMR and the Rules establish a principles-based framework for the recognition and supervision of Recognised Bodies and for taking regulatory action against those recognised institutions. This framework is supplemented by the supervisory powers and other requirements in MIR.

Group supervision

3.4.2 When we recognise a Recognised Body, we take into consideration the relationship with any wider group to which the Recognised Body may belong or with other persons closely linked to it. We will also take into account lead or consolidated supervision to which a Recognised Body or its Group may be subject in another jurisdiction to the extent it is satisfied that it meets appropriate regulatory criteria and standards. This may lead to us placing some reliance on the supervisory arrangements in another jurisdiction or creating and participating in special arrangements for the supervision of the Recognised Body and its Group. The Recognised Body is expected to provide the information required or reasonably requested in relation to these consolidated or lead supervisory arrangements before final supervisory arrangements are established.

Confidential

30

GPM VER06.020125

3.4.3 Each relationship will be considered on a case-by-case basis