 lines which demonstrate adequate segregation of duties.

2.5.9 We may request details of the background, history and ownership of the start-up and, where applicable, its Group. Similar details relating to the background, history and other interests of the directors of the start-up may also be required. Where it considers it necessary to do so, we may undertake independent background checks on such material. A higher degree of due diligence will apply to individuals involved in a start-up and there would be an expectation that the start-up itself will have conducted detailed background checks, which may then be verified by us.

Business/operational risk

2.5.10 All applicants are required to establish appropriate systems and controls to demonstrate that the affairs of the firm are managed and controlled effectively. The nature of the systems and controls may depend on the nature, size and complexity of the business. A start-up may wish to consider which additional systems and controls may be appropriate in the initial period of operation following launch, such as increased risk or compliance monitoring. Due to the unproven track record of a start-up, we may, for example, impose restrictions on the business activities of the entity or a greater degree and intensity of supervision until such a track record is established.

Compliance risk

2.5.11 The Senior Executive Officer of a firm is expected to take full responsibility for ensuring compliance with ADGM legislation by establishing a strong compliance culture which is

Confidential

16

GPM VER06.020125

fully embedded within the organisation. A start-up will be required to appoint a UAE resident as the senior executive officer as well as the compliance officer and money laundering reporting officer (MLRO) with the requisite skills and relevant experience in compliance and anti-money laundering duties. The individuals fulfilling the compliance and MLRO roles will be expected to demonstrate to us their competence to perform the proposed roles and adequate knowledge of the relevant sections of ADGM legislation and, in the case of the MLRO, the wider anti-money laundering legislation.

Main information requirements

2.5.12 The main information requirements are the same for all applicants, including start-ups,

and each application will be assessed on its own merits.

2.5.13 A key document will be the regulatory business plan submitted in support of the application. It will facilitate the application process if applicants cover the following areas within this submission:

(a)

an introduction and background;

(b)

strategy and rationale for establishing in ADGM;

(c)

organisational structure;

(d)

management structure;

(e)

proposed resources;

(f)

high-level controls;

(g)

risk management;

(h)

operational controls;

(i)

systems overview;

(j)

how the proposed activities are mapped against the Regulated Activities and why particular Regulated Activities are applied for; and

(k)

financial projections.

2.5.14 Start-up applicants may find it useful to include diagrams illustrating corporate structures, and, where applicable, group relationships, governance arrangements, organisational design, clear reporting lines, business process flows and systems environments.

2.5.15 Comprehensively addressing these areas and detailing how the key risks will be in determining

identified, monitored and controlled will significantly assist us applications from a start-up.

Confidential

17

GPM VER06.020125

2.6

Application for carrying out a Regulated Activity with or for a Retail Client

2.6.1 GEN 5.2.3 outlines the requirements to be met by an applicant intending to carry on a

Regulated Activity where the client is a Retail Client.

2.6.2 When assessing an application of this type we will consider the following:

(a)

the adequacy of an applicant's systems and controls for carrying on Regulated Activities with a Retail Client;

(b)

whether the applicant is able to demonstrate that its systems and controls (including policies and procedures) adequately provide for, among other things, compliance with the requirements specifically dealing with Retail Clients under the Conduct of Business Rulebook (COBS), in particular:

(i)

marketing materials;

(ii)

the content requirements for Client Agreements;

(iii)

the suitability assessment for recommending a financial product;

(iv)

the disclosure of fees and commissions, and any inducements; and

(v)

the segregation of Client Money and/or Client Investments, where relevant;

(c)

whether the applicant has adequate systems and controls to ensure, on an ongoing basis, that its Employees remain competent and capable to perform the functions which are assigned to