, its head office staff and home country regulators.

Risk mitigation

3.1.12 Whenever appropriate, we may inform the firm of the steps it needs to take in relation to specific risks. We then expect the firm to demonstrate that it has taken appropriate steps to mitigate these risks.

3.1.13 Where necessary, risk mitigation programmes may be developed for a firm in order to

mitigate or remove identified areas of risk.

Our relationship with firms

3.1.14 In order to meet our objectives, we require an open, transparent and co-operative relationship with our regulated firms. We expect to establish and maintain an ongoing dialogue with the firm's senior management in order to develop and sustain a thorough understanding of the firm's business, systems and controls and, through this relationship, to be aware of all areas of risk to our objectives.

3.1.15 We seek to reinforce the responsibilities of senior management for the risk oversight and governance of the firm’s activities, to ensure financial soundness, fair dealing and compliance with regulatory standards.

3.1.16 We seek to maintain an up-to-date knowledge of a firm's business. However, a firm is also required to keep us informed of significant events, or anything related to the firm of which we would reasonably expect to be notified (as set out below).

Notifications to us

3.1.17 GEN 8.10 sets out the requirements on a firm to notify us of specified events, changes or circumstances a firm (other than a Representative Office) may encounter. The list of notifications outlined in GEN 8.10 is not exhaustive and there are other areas of the Rulebooks that also specify additional notification requirements.

Co-operation with other regulators

3.1.18 We view co-operation with other regulators as an important component of our supervisory activities. Effective co-operation arrangements with other regulators will provide for prompt exchange of information in relation to supervision, investigation and enforcement matters. The information exchange may enhance, for example, our understanding of the operations of a firm’s Group and the effect on the firm.

3.1.19 We may also exercise our powers for the purposes of assisting other regulators or

agencies, see sections 215 to 217 of FSMR.

Confidential

25

GPM VER06.020125

3.2

Supervision of Firms

Group supervision

3.2.1 When we authorise a firm, we take into consideration the relationships the firm has within its Group, with related parties or other parties closely linked to it. We may also take into account lead or consolidated supervision to which a firm or its Group may be subject in another jurisdiction.

3.2.2 A firm is expected to provide information as required or reasonably requested relating to the Authorised Person and, where applicable, its consolidated or lead regulatory arrangements. This information may include:

(a)

prudential information;

(b)

reports on systems and controls relating to a firm's Group;

(c)

internal and external audit reports;

(d)

details of disciplinary proceedings or any matters which may have financial consequences, reputational impact or pose any significant risk to ADGM or to the firm; and

(e)

the group-wide corporate governance practices and policies, and the remuneration structure and strategies adopted.

3.2.3 This information may be taken into account as part of our fit and proper test as set out in Chapter 2 and the supervision of the firm. Further Rules and Guidance with regard to obtaining information from a Representative Office’s lead regulator are set out in GEN 9.15.3.

3.2.4 We have an interest in a firm’s relationship with other regulators, particularly in order to determine the level of reliance we may place on a regulator in another jurisdiction concerning any lead supervision arrangements. Depending on the legal structure of a firm and our relationship with the regulator in question, we may place appropriate reliance on the supervision undertaken by this regulator.

Domestic Firm's Group with ADGM head office

3.2.5 We will usually be the lead and consolidated regulator of any Group headquartered as a Domestic Firm in ADGM. Members of the Group, that is, any of the firm's Subsidiaries or Branches, will be either subject to our exclusive supervision or, where members of the Group are located in a jurisdiction outside ADGM, generally subject to lead or consolidated supervision by us in co-operation with another regulator, provided we are satisfied that it meets