

(e)

notice of the affected person's right to have our decision reviewed by the Appeals Panel, including the period within which that right can be exercised.

Figure 1: the Regulator's Decision-Making Process for Part 21 Decisions

WARNING NOTICE (SECTION 246 OF FSMR)

OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE REPRESENTATIONS TO THE REGULATOR

DECISION NOTICE (SECTION 248 OF FSMR)

¯

NOTIFICATION OF THE RIGHT OF REVIEW BY THE APPEALS PANEL

¯

FINAL NOTICE (SECTION 251 OF FSMR)

9.6

Non-Part 21 Decisions

Certain decisions are not subject to the procedures set out in Part 21 of FSMR - for example, our powers relating to revoking a Recognition Order or varying Approval of an Approved Person.

Decisions in this category are subject to the relevant procedures specified in FSMR or

applicable Rulebook. See, for example, the applicable procedures for:

Confidential

91

GPM VER06.020125

(a)

the exercise of our Own-Initiative Powers, in sections 42 and 124C of FSMR;

(b)

the exercise of the power to vary an Approval of an Approved Person, in section 49 of FSMR;

(c)

the Discontinuance or Suspension of Listing of any Securities, in section 54 of FSMR;

(d)

revocation of a Recognition Order, in section 135 of FSMR; and

(e)

the objection to a new Controller of an Authorised Person, or conditional approval process, in Rule 8.8.7 of GEN.

9.7

Operational decisions

Operational decisions made as part of our day-to-day supervision of regulated firms, do not require we follow procedures set out in Part 21 or elsewhere of FSMR. Examples of these operational decisions include to:

(a)

obtain additional information from an Authorised Person;

(b)

disclose information about an Authorised Person to another regulatory authority;

(c)

issue a risk mitigation plan stemming from any supervisory concerns identified in the course of a firm visit; or

(d)

commence an investigation and exercise investigative powers.

In making operational decisions, we are still subject to overarching administrative law principles of acting in good faith and acting in a proportionate and reasonable manner.

9.8

The Appeals Panel

Section 225(1) of FSMR provides that all of our decisions that may affect the rights or liabilities of a person or otherwise adversely affect the interests of a person (except operational decisions) may be referred to the Appeals Panel for a full merits review. FSMR also specifies that certain other decisions, not subject to the Part 21 procedure, may be referred to the Appeals Panel for a full merits review (e.g., exercise of our Own-Initiative Powers).

The ADGM Board established the Appeals Panel in accordance with FSMR. More detail at

on https://www.adgm.com/financial-services-regulatory-authority/independent-review

the

Appeals

Panel

and

its members

can

be

found

In order to enable an affected person to exercise their right to refer our decision to the Appeals Panel, we will provide such a person with written notice of the decision specifying:

Confidential

92

GPM VER06.020125

(a)

our decision and the reasons for making that decision;

(b)

the date on which the decision is to take effect;

(c)

the person's right to seek a review of the decision by the Appeals Panel.

Following a decision made by the Appeals Panel, we will give the affected person a final

notice in accordance with section 251 of FSMR.

Decisions of the Appeals Panel may only be reviewed on a judicial review basis. An application for judicial review of a decision of the Appeals Panel may be made to the Court on the grounds that the decision is wrong in law or is in excess of the Appeal Panel's jurisdiction.

Costs in proceedings before the Appeals Panel

The Appeals Panel, on conclusion of any proceedings before it, may make an order (under section 229(2)(e) of FSMR) requiring a party to the appeal to pay a specified amount, being all or part of the costs of the proceedings, including those of any party to the proceedings. We will generally seek costs in matters that are referred to the Appeals Panel and where our decision has been upheld.

Confidential

93

10.

PUBLICITY