 facts.

10.6 Publicity during the decision-making process

We do not expect to publish information about the commencement or hearing of enforcement proceedings in our decision-making process. Similarly, when we refer an executive decision to the Appeals Panel under section 227 of FSMR for a first instance decision, that will be considered in private and without a public hearing.

The reasons for this are that representations to a decision-maker are confidential and made in private and the release of information prior to a full and complete consideration of all representations and facts may be contrary to our objectives and not in the public interest.

10.7 Publication of Decisions

We will generally make public any enforcement decision and will do so in a timely manner after any period to refer the decision to the Appeals Panel has expired or when a decision is referred to the Appeals Panel.

Under section 252(3) of FSMR, we have the discretion to publish a decision notice, final notice or any other notice in relation to the exercise of our powers (other than a warning notice), and details about the matter to which the notice relates. Therefore, if a person exercises their right to refer a decision to the Appeals Panel, we will publish appropriate information about that decision, including the notice itself.

This approach is adopted on the basis that any delay in publication of the exercise of our powers may hinder and unfairly prejudice us in achieving our objectives. For example, non-disclosure may potentially prejudice users and prospective users of financial services in the ADGM if they are unaware of facts known in the enforcement action.

As proceedings and decisions of the Appeals Panel are generally heard and given in public, publication of decisions also enables interested persons to follow those proceedings and understand the decision that is subject to review by the Appeals Panel.

We will not publish decisions if the Appeals Panel orders otherwise, or if we consider it is

not in the public interest to do so and/or would not achieve our objectives.

Confidential

95

GPM VER06.020125

10.8 Appeals Panel Decisions

Proceedings and decisions of the Appeals Panel are generally heard and given in public. However, in exceptional cases, the Appeals Panel may exercise its discretion not to publish a decision. This will depend on the circumstances of the particular case.

Where the Appeals Panel does determine to publish a decision or interim decision, the

Appeals Panel will publish these on its website.

Confidential

96

11.

TAX REPORTING REGULATIONS - ENFORCEMENT

11.1

Introduction

As set out in Chapter 6, by Tax Reporting Regulations we mean our Common Reporting Standard Regulations 2017 and our Foreign Account Tax Compliance Regulations 2022.

The Tax Reporting Regulations support the UAE’s international commitments to facilitate automatic exchange of information in relation to tax matters, in order to support combatting of tax evasion. The approach to application and enforcement is coordinated across regulatory authorities in the UAE, and the penalties for contraventions are set out at federal level for application in the ADGM. This background informs our approach to the application and enforcement of the Tax Reporting Regulations.

Our approach to enforcement in relation to our Tax Reporting Regulations is broadly the same as that set out in Chapter 6. In a majority of cases, identification of potential issues will usually arise from internal referrals as a result of our supervisory activities.

11.2

Investigations

Many of our information gathering powers under FSMR as outlined in Chapter 6 also explicitly apply in relation to investigations relating to compliance with our Tax Reporting Regulations. In some circumstances it may not be necessary to commence an investigation, as the internal referral has provided sufficient information for us to analyse (Step 4 of our enforcement process – see Chapter 6) to determine whether there has been a contravention of the relevant Tax Reporting Regulations.

We will carefully consider all the relevant facts and circumstances of the matter to

determine:

(a)

whether there has been a contravention; and

(b)

whether it’s appropriate to take action for the contravention in question.

Given the nature of the Tax Reporting Regulations and prescribed penalties it would be unusual not to take action for a contravention. Doing so demonstrates the benefits of compliance and reassures others that effective compliance is warranted.

11.3 Remedies

The remedies for contraventions of the Tax Reporting Regulations are based on the financial penalties mandated by the relevant regulations themselves, deriving from a federal regime that applies across the UAE. The level of financial