 judgement debt under a court order.

2.4 Waivers during authorisation

2.4.1 An applicant for authorisation may request a waiver or modification when the application is made and being processed. In some circumstances, the applicant may need to work with us in developing the waiver or modification and may not be required to use the formal application process. However, written consent to the waiver or modification will be required if the applicant is authorised.

2.5

Start-up entities in ADGM

What are "start-up” entities?

2.5.1 This paragraph serves as a guide to assist start-up entities that are interested in applying for a Financial Services Permission to conduct Regulated Activities in ADGM. It sets out the information required to support an application and what criteria we may consider in the authorisation process. Start-ups, as with any applicants, will be required to satisfy all of our requirements prior to being granted a Financial Services Permission.

2.5.2 A start-up entity is:

(a)

any newly set up business entity that is not part of a group that is subject to financial services regulation; or

(b)

part of an existing business entity that it, or whose group, is not subject to financial services regulation.

2.5.3 As a general position, we will not usually accept applications for start-up banks or insurers however each application will be considered on its merits. We will take into account such factors as the applicant’s financial position, systems and controls and whether the start-up entity is managed by persons who have the necessary expertise and knowledge to conduct such activities.

Our risk-based approach to start-ups

2.5.4 Any consideration of an application for the granting of a Financial Services Permission to carry on a Regulated Activity is likely to involve an assessment of the risks posed to our objectives by the proposed Regulated Activity. Whilst the broad categories of risks for all applicants will be the same, the nature of those risks within start-ups can be amplified, as a start-up does not have a regulatory track record to deal with risks upon which we may place reliance. In the case of a new business, even where senior management has substantial experience and relevant competence in the business sector, this does not necessarily imply an ability to create and sustain an adequate management control environment and compliance culture, particularly when faced with all the other issues of establishing a new business.

Confidential

15

GPM VER06.020125

2.5.5 The broad categories of risk and some of the unique elements of those risk categories that apply to start-ups include financial risk, governance risk, business/operational risk and compliance risk.

Financial risk

2.5.6 All applicants are required to demonstrate they have a sound initial capital base and funding and must be able to meet the relevant prudential requirements of ADGM legislation, on an ongoing basis. This includes holding enough capital resources to cover expenses even if expected revenue takes time to materialise. Start-ups can encounter greater financial risks as they seek to establish and grow a new business.

2.5.7

In addition to the risks associated with the financial viability of the start-up, particular attention may be given to the clarity and the verifiable source of the initial capital funding.

Governance risk

2.5.8 All applicants are required to demonstrate robust governance arrangements together with the fitness and integrity of all controllers, directors and senior management. We are aware that management control, in smaller start-ups especially, may lie with one or two dominant individuals who may also be amongst the owners of the firm. In such circumstances, we would expect the key business and control functions (i.e., risk management, compliance and internal audit) to be subject to appropriate oversight arrangements which reflect the size and complexity of the business. Applicants can assist us by describing in detail the ownership structure, high-level controls and clear reporting lines which demonstrate adequate segregation of duties.

2.5.9 We may request details of the background, history and ownership of the start-up and, where applicable, its Group. Similar details relating to the background, history and other interests of the directors of the start-up may also be required. Where it considers it necessary to do so, we may undertake independent background checks on such material. A higher degree of due diligence will apply to individuals involved in a start-up and there would be an expectation that the start-up itself will have conducted detailed background checks, which may then be verified by us.

Business