 application, proposed or forecast figures may be used;

(f)

details of the effect of the proposed variation on the Approved Persons including, where applicable, submitting any written applications for individuals to perform additional or new controlled functions, or to remove existing controlled functions; and

(g)

revised pro forma financial statements.

2.10.2 In considering whether a firm is fit and proper with respect to a change in the scope of its Financial Services Permission, we may take into account the various matters set out in this Chapter that provide guidance on assessing fitness and propriety for firms.

2.11 Naming conventions

2.11.1 The Regulator follows international best practices in relation to naming conventions to

ensure that entities operating in or from the ADGM use names that are fair, clear and not misleading.

2.11.2 In accordance with section 60(1) of the Commercial Licensing Regulations and section 50 of the Companies Regulations, any applicant for incorporation or registration in the ADGM needs to seek consent to the use of certain words in its name, including names which use the words “bank”, “insurance”, “fund”, “stock exchange”, “trust” and other terms, as detailed in the Business and Company Names Rules.

2.11.3 Consent will usually only be given to the use of a particular name if the use of the name

would not be misleading. A name would be considered misleading where is does not accurately describe the actual activities or legal status of the firm or where the name implies that the firm has a particular status that it in fact does not have.

Confidential

21

GPM VER06.020125

2.11.4 For banks, the Regulator will, therefore, only permit an Authorised Person to use the

word “bank” or any of its derivatives, if the firm holds a licence to Accept Deposits and/or Manage a Profit Sharing Investment Account on an Unrestricted basis. For a branch of a foreign bank, which is licensed as a bank in its home state jurisdiction, if the word ‘bank’ or any of its derivatives are in the head office’s name, because a branch is not a separate legal entity, such a firm should use its head office name with added words which describe its legal status as a branch. This would only apply if the head office’s licence in its home state includes authorisation to Accept Deposits or the equivalent. This is to ensure that the name does not mislead in any way.

2.11.5 The same general principles apply to the use of the words “insurance” and any of its derivatives, such as “insurer”, “reinsurer”, “insurance/reinsurance company”, “insurance/reinsurance broker” or similar. Similarly to the use of the words “fund”, “stock exchange”, “exchange”, “trust” and “trustee” or any other derivatives.

Confidential

22

GPM VER06.020125

3.

SUPERVISION: BEING REGULATED

3.1

Our approach to supervision

Supervision philosophy

3.1.1 We adopt a risk-based approach to the regulation and supervision of all regulated firms in order to concentrate our resources on the mitigation of risks to our objectives. We will work with a regulated entity to identify, assess, mitigate and control these risks where appropriate.

3.1.2 Our risk-based approach to supervision involves:

(a)

establishing the supervisory intensity of a given firm based on the combination of its size and complexity (impact rating) and its risk profile (risk rating), see paragraphs 3.1.8 – 3.1.11). The higher the impact and/or risk profile of the firm, the higher the supervisory intensity and the resources deployed by us;

(b)

a continuous risk management cycle, using sectoral and firm-specific data, notifications by the firm, risk assessments and risk and impact ratings;

(c)

using appropriate supervisory tools; and

(d)

where applicable, considering any lead or consolidated supervision which a firm or its Group may be subject to in other jurisdictions, taking into account our relationship with other regulators and the extent to which it or they meet appropriate regulatory criteria and standards.

3.1.3 We believe a firm's culture and behaviour affect both its overall financial condition and its interaction with individual customers and market counterparties. Our aim is to reduce the risk and impact of a failure or inappropriate conduct by requiring our regulated firms to