 us;

(d)

the failure to permit us access to premises; and

(e)

the failure to provide assistance in relation to an investigation.

We will regard any contravention resulting from a failure to comply with Part 17 of FSMR as serious, particularly any action taken to obstruct us in the exercise of our investigative powers. We will take appropriate action where necessary.

Confidential

52

GPM VER06.020125

6.6

Step 3 - Information Gathering – section 206 powers

Power to require a person to attend an interview

Under section 206(1)(a) of FSMR, the Investigator has the power to require a person (the interviewee) to attend an interview and answer questions for the purposes of an investigation.

A person required to attend an interview will first be provided with written notice requiring their attendance at the interview to answer questions. Pursuant to section 206(5) of FSMR, an interviewee is not entitled to refuse or fail to answer a question on the basis that their answers may incriminate them, make them liable for a penalty or might reveal a communication made in confidence (subject to section 209(6) of FSMR).

An interview will be conducted in private, and the interviewer may give a Direction:

(a)

requiring the interviewee to answer any questions relevant to the investigation;

(b)

requiring the interviewee to swear an oath, or give an affirmation, that the answers provided will be true;

(c)

concerning who may be present during the interview;

(d)

preventing any person present during any part of the interview from disclosing any information provided to, or the questions asked of, the interviewee during the interview;

(e)

concerning the conduct of any person present, including the manner in which they will participate during the interview; and

(f)

to answer any question which is relevant to the investigation either in isolation, or as part of a relevant line of enquiry.

An interviewee is entitled to legal representation during the course of an interview. However, there may be circumstances where it will not be appropriate for a specific individual to attend an interview as a legal representative, for example in instances where the relevant legal representative may be conflicted due to representation of others or due to their involvement in the matters that are the subject of the investigation.

Interviews will generally be recorded, and interviewees will generally be given the opportunity to request a copy of the recording of the interview and a transcript of the interview (if available).

Power to require documents or information

During an investigation, the Investigator may obtain relevant information and/or documents either on a compulsory basis, principally through the exercise of its powers under section 206(1)(b) and (c) of FSMR, or on a voluntary basis.

Confidential

53

GPM VER06.020125

When we require the giving of information or production of documents in the course of an investigation, we will give the person a written notice specifying what is required to be given or produced.

The powers under section 206 of FSMR may only be used:

(a)

for the purposes of an investigation; and

(b)

in circumstances where the Investigator considers that a person is or may be able to give information or produce a document which is or may be relevant to an investigation.

Section 206(1)(b) of FSMR empowers the Investigator to require a person to produce, or procure the production of, specified documents or documents of a specified description. It empowers the Investigator to require production of original documents or copies. The Investigator may retain possession of any original document for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was requested.

A ’document’ means any record of information recorded physically, electronically or in any other form and, in relation to information recorded otherwise than in legible form, references to its production include references to producing a copy of the information in legible form, or in a form from which it can readily be produced in visible and legible form. Specified means for the purposes of section 206 of FSMR, specified in a notice in writing.

Specified documents may include, for example, any record of information, including:

(a)

anything on which there is writing;

(b)

anything on which there are marks, figures, symbols or perforations having a meaning for persons qualified to interpret them;

(c)

anything from which sounds, images