 been engaged in any Market Abuse from dealing in any of their assets.

We may seek a range of orders from the Court, including an order:

(a)

requiring that trading in any Investments cease, either permanently or for such period as is specified in the order;

(b)

requiring that a disclosure be made to the market;

(c)

prohibiting a person from making offers of Securities in or from the ADGM; or

(d)

prohibiting a person from being involved in Reporting Entities, Listed Funds or Securities within the ADGM.

Before we make an application for an order (whether interim, ex parte (without notice) or

final), we will take into account all relevant circumstances, including:

Confidential

67

GPM VER06.020125

(a)

the nature and extent of the conduct or any other matters in question;

(b)

the effect of the conduct on the market and our objectives;

(c)

whether the market is informed of all material information;

(d)

what steps the relevant person has taken in respect of the conduct or any other matters being considered;

(e)

what other form of relief (if any) is available to us; and

(f)

whether the conduct in question could have a significant impact on the integrity of, or confidence in, the ADGM.

7.14

Intervention power

We may intervene as a party in any proceeding in the Court where we consider such intervention appropriate to further one or more of our objectives (section 243 of FSMR). Where we intervene we shall, subject to any other law, have all the rights, duties and liabilities of such a party.

This provision does not affect our ability to seek leave to appear in proceedings as a ‘friend of the Court’ (i.e. someone not a party to the case, who volunteers to offer information to assist a court in deciding a matter before it, to make submissions on an issue of significance to the ADGM, or to place material before the Court that may otherwise not be available).

We will generally only intervene as a party in proceedings where we form the view that we will not be able to meet our objectives by simply appearing as a ‘friend of the Court’ and that, to serve the interests of the ADGM fully, it is necessary to join the proceeding as a party and stay involved in the matter throughout.

7.15 Settlement

A settlement is a resolution, between us and a person who is subject to potential enforcement action, to agree an outcome. A person who is or may be the subject of any form of disciplinary or regulatory action may enter into settlement discussions with us. The possibility of a settlement does not, however, change the fact that disciplinary or regulatory action is, and continues to be, available to us in pursuit of our objectives under section 1(3) of FSMR.

We generally consider that early settlement of a potential enforcement action advances our objectives in that it may result in, for example, consumers obtaining compensation sooner, the saving of our and industry resources and the promotion of good business and regulatory practices.

However, we will only consider settlement when we are confident we have a sufficient understanding of the nature and gravity of the suspected misconduct to make a reasonable assessment of the appropriate outcome.

We will conduct all settlement discussions on a "without prejudice" basis; namely, that no party to the discussions may subsequently rely upon any admissions or statements

Confidential

68

GPM VER06.020125

made during the course of the settlement discussion or on any document recording those discussions.

We will only settle when the agreed terms result in what we consider to be an appropriate and proportionate regulatory outcome. We may also refer to matters described in Chapter 8 when determining an appropriate penalty in settlement agreements.

In the interests of efficiency and effectiveness, we will set clear and reasonable timetables for settlement discussions to ensure they do not unreasonably delay settlement or a regulatory or enforcement outcome. Where we have concerns that a party to settlement discussions is using negotiations as a means to delay or frustrate our enforcement process with no genuine intention to settle, we may bring the settlement discussions to an end and pursue other appropriate enforcement action.

Settlement in particular circumstances of one case should not be regarded as binding precedent for future settlement discussions in other cases. Whilst we recognise the importance of consistency in our decision-making, we recognise that the facts of two enforcement cases are seldom identical. For this reason, and to ensure that we are able to respond