 the auditor or actuary by a relevant professional body, and whether that action adequately addresses the particular contravention; and

(e)

the previous compliance record of the auditor or actuary concerned, and whether the relevant regulatory body or professional body has imposed any previous disciplinary sanctions that may be relevant.

7.8

Private warnings

In certain cases, despite concerns about a person's behaviour and evidence of a breach of FSMR or our Rules, we may decide that it is not appropriate to take formal disciplinary action having regard to all the circumstances of the case. In such cases, instead of a financial penalty or public censure, we may decide to give the person concerned a private warning. This is consistent with our risk-based approach to enforcement.

Private warnings are a non-statutory tool, primarily used by Enforcement to conclude a matter, but they may also be used in other departments. Whilst a private warning is not intended to be a determination by us as to whether the recipient has breached a provision

Confidential

61

GPM VER06.020125

of FSMR or the Rules, private warnings, together with any comments received in response, will form part of the person’s compliance history.

We may give a private warning rather than take formal action where the matter giving cause for concern is minor, or where the person has taken full and immediate remedial action. In any event, we will take into account all the circumstances of the case before deciding whether a private warning is appropriate.

Generally, we would expect to use private warnings in the context of Authorised Persons, Recognised Bodies and Approved Persons. However, we may also issue private warnings in circumstances where the persons involved may not necessarily be authorised or approved, including, for example, in potential cases of Market Abuse.

7.9

Injunctions and orders

We have broad powers to make an application to the Court for injunctive relief and other orders (see sections 236 – 238 of FSMR). The Court may make one or more of the following orders:

(a)

an order restraining a person that is engaging in conduct that would constitute a contravention;

(b)

an order requiring a person to do an act or thing to remedy a contravention or to minimise loss or damage; or

(c)

any other order as the Court sees fit, including an order restraining the transfer of assets or the departure of individuals from the jurisdiction of the court.

In deciding whether an application for an injunction is appropriate, we will consider all relevant circumstances including:

Confidential

62

GPM VER06.020125

(a)

the need to take urgent action;

(b)

the nature and seriousness of the contravention;

(c)

whether the contravention is ongoing;

(d)

whether the contravention affects, or has the potential to affect, our objectives;

(e)

where we consider it necessary to protect regulated entities and clients in the ADGM;

(f)

whether there is a danger of assets being dissipated or removed from the jurisdiction of the Court;

(g)

whether there is a danger that a person may leave the jurisdiction and, if so, the effect that his or their absence may have on the effectiveness of the court's orders; and

(h)

costs we would incur in applying for and enforcing an injunction and the likely effectiveness of such an injunction or other order.

7.10 Actions for damages

Section 242 of FSMR provides that where a person:

(a)

intentionally, recklessly or negligently commits a breach of duty, requirement, prohibition, obligation or responsibility imposed under FSMR; or

(b)

commits fraud or other dishonest conduct in connection with the matter arising under FSMR;

(c)

the person is liable to compensate any other person for any loss or damage caused to that other person as a result of such conduct.

Section 242 of FSMR gives us, and any aggrieved persons, broad powers to make an application for recovery of damages where there has been an identified contravention of FSMR or the Rules.

We may decide not to commence proceedings in every case where there may have been a relevant contravention. This does not, however, prevent any aggrieved person from commencing their own proceedings. An aggrieved person may exercise rights under section 242 of FSMR independently of, or contemporaneously with, us.

In determining whether to commence proceedings, we will take into account all relevant

circumstances, including:

Confidential

