 or its Group may be subject in another jurisdiction to the extent it is satisfied that it meets appropriate regulatory criteria and standards. This may lead to us placing some reliance on the supervisory arrangements in another jurisdiction or creating and participating in special arrangements for the supervision of the Recognised Body and its Group. The Recognised Body is expected to provide the information required or reasonably requested in relation to these consolidated or lead supervisory arrangements before final supervisory arrangements are established.

Confidential

30

GPM VER06.020125

3.4.3 Each relationship will be considered on a case-by-case basis and according to the risks posed by the Recognised Body's activities identified during supervisory arrangements. Such supervisory arrangements may include a process to be agreed upon by us, the Recognised Body itself and other relevant regulators.

3.4.4 Effective co-operation with regulators will provide for prompt exchange of information and co-operation in relation to supervision and enforcement between jurisdictions. This may include exchanges of information and co-operation in respect of activities conducted by a Recognised Body. Usually, co-operation arrangements will be in the form of memoranda of understanding. The information exchange will enhance our understanding of the operations of the Group and the impact (if any) on the Recognised Body.

Application for a change in control

3.4.5 GEN 8.8 sets out the requirements relating to a change in control. See also paragraphs

3.2.21 to 3.2.25.

3.5

Confidentiality

3.5.1 When carrying out our regulatory functions, we must maintain confidentiality of information, unless disclosure is permitted by section 199 of FSMR. We have issued a separate policy statement on Confidentiality and it is available on our website under the guidance https://www.adgm.com/legal- framework/guidance-and-policy-statements?tab=2.

and

policy

statements

section:

3.5.2 For our general approach to publicity in certain circumstances, see Chapter 10.

Confidential

31

GPM VER06.020125

4.

WAIVERS AND MODIFICATIONS

4.1

Introduction

Chapter 2 of FSMR provides for the modification or waiver of Rules by us.

This Chapter outlines our approach to evaluating applications to grant relief from the requirements imposed by the Rules, by either waiving or modifying the application of one or more Rules. Our powers to waive or modify the requirements imposed by legislation do not extend to regulations such as FSMR.

To waive the application of a Rule is to give relief to a person from the entire obligation contained in that Rule. A modification can either modify the way in which a person can comply with an obligation in a Rule or can give relief from part of the obligation in a Rule. A detailed description of the process to seek a waiver or modification of the Rules may be found in GEN 8.2.

4.2

Power to issue relief

We may, on the application or with the consent of an Authorised Person or Recognised

Body, direct that a Rule:

(a)

does not apply to a person; or

(b)

does apply to a person but with such modifications as are set out in a notice issued by us for this purpose.

Waivers and modifications may only be sought by an Authorised Person or Recognised

Body, or an applicant seeking such status.

If an application is successful, we will issue its decision by means of written Direction provided to the applicant.

4.3 Making an application

Prior to submitting an application to us, the applicant should contact their assigned

supervisory contact to discuss the application.

If the applicant is not regulated by us at the time of application, contact should be made through our supervision function.

Before making an application, we expect that the applicant will carry out appropriate

research on:

Confidential

32

GPM VER06.020125

(a)

the intention behind the Rule in question and the regulatory outcomes that the Rule aims to achieve;

(b)

whether there are any precedents where we have previously granted relief, or not granted relief, from the Rule in question, including any conditions which may have been imposed; and

(c)

if relief has been granted in the past, the similarities and differences between the cases where relief has previously been granted and the applicant's case.

All applications for waivers or modifications should be made in such form as we shall

prescribe.

In an application for a