, after which time it will cease to apply.

If we decide not to grant relief, we will give reasons for the decision. An applicant may withdraw its application for relief at any time up until notification of our decision has been given to the applicant. In doing so, the applicant should give reasons for the withdrawal of the application.

4.5

Publication of waivers and modifications

We will publish all Directions concerning waivers and modifications unless we are

satisfied that it is inappropriate or unnecessary to do so.

We will publish all Directions concerning waivers and modifications in such a way that

we consider appropriate for bringing the notice to the attention of:

(a)

those likely to be affected by it, such as clients of the applicant; and

(b)

others who may be likely to be affected by the same Rule and may seek a similar waiver or modification.

The principal method of publication of waivers and modifications Directions is by is publication on our webpage. The fundamental principle behind publication transparency. This allows any person dealing with the applicant, for example, its clients and competitors, to know to what extent the relevant provisions apply to the applicant.

Confidential

34

GPM VER06.020125

If an applicant believes that it is inappropriate or unnecessary for us to publish the relief, or to publish it after a delay, or without disclosing the identity of the applicant, it should make this clear in its application. Decisions not to grant relief will not be published by us.

4.6 Withdrawal or variation of waivers and modifications

Under section 9(5) of FSMR, we may:

(a)

revoke a Direction; or

(b)

on the application of, or with the consent of, the person to whom it applies, vary a Direction.

4.7

Enforcement of waivers and modifications

If a Direction under section 9 of FSMR states that a Rule is to apply to the applicant with modifications, then a contravention of the modified provision could lead to enforcement action.

If relief is given subject to a condition, the relief will not apply to activities conducted in breach of the condition. Further, those activities, if in breach of the original provision, could lead to enforcement action.

4.8

Expiry and extension of current waivers and modifications

Where relief has been granted for a limited period of time (see paragraph 4.4.4) it is the

responsibility of the person to whom the notice applies to monitor any expiry date.

There is no automatic renewal process for any relief granted by us for a limited period of

time.

It is the responsibility of the person to whom a time-limited Direction applies to notify us within a reasonable period in advance of the expiry of the Direction of their intention to apply for an extension of the relief or explain how they intend to comply with the original Rule.

Notification should be made through the same contact point as described above, namely either the assigned supervisory contact, the dedicated contact portal or the Supervisory Function.

We will consider every application for extension of the term of the Direction in the same manner as an initial application and will not necessarily grant extensions as a matter of course.

Confidential

35

GPM VER06.020125

5.

SUPERVISORY AND ENFORCEMENT POWERS

5.1

Introduction

This Chapter sets out how we may exercise our supervisory and enforcement powers. Chapter 6 of this document describes how we will exercise additional investigative and disciplinary powers when conducting enforcement activities.

The range of powers available to us includes the power to:

(a)

require information or documents (FSMR sections 201 and 206);

(b)

require a report from a skilled person (FSMR section 203);

(c)

impose Requirements on a firm (FSMR section 35);

(d)

vary, suspend or cancel the Financial Services Permission of an Authorised Person (FSMR sections 33 and 233);

(e)

impose or vary conditions on an Approved Person on our own initiative (FSMR section 48);

(f)

give a Direction to a Recognised Body (FSMR section 132); and

(g)

revoke a Recognition Order (FSMR section 134).

In exercising a power specified in this Chapter (except when requesting information and/or documents or a skilled person report), we will generally follow the decision- making procedures set out in Chapter 9 of this document and as specified in FSMR.

For our general approach to publicity in certain circumstances,