 unreasonably delay settlement or a regulatory or enforcement outcome. Where we have concerns that a party to settlement discussions is using negotiations as a means to delay or frustrate our enforcement process with no genuine intention to settle, we may bring the settlement discussions to an end and pursue other appropriate enforcement action.

Settlement in particular circumstances of one case should not be regarded as binding precedent for future settlement discussions in other cases. Whilst we recognise the importance of consistency in our decision-making, we recognise that the facts of two enforcement cases are seldom identical. For this reason, and to ensure that we are able to respond to the demands of a changing and principles-based regulatory environment, it is important for us to be able to take a different view to that taken in an earlier case. However, any decision to depart from the earlier approach will only be made after careful consideration of the reasons for doing so.

Factors we will consider when contemplating settlement

It is very unlikely that we would consider the possibility of a settlement unless the person is prepared to admit the relevant conduct or contravention and it is understood that we will publish an outcome that includes such an admission. In deciding whether a proposed settlement is acceptable, and in accordance with our objectives, we will consider a number of factors, including:

Confidential

69

GPM VER06.020125

(a)

the nature and seriousness of the conduct or contravention that is the subject of the proposed settlement;

(b)

whether the contravention is continuing;

(c)

the scope of the admission of the relevant conduct or contravention;

(d)

the necessity for protective or corrective action;

(e)

the prospects for a swift resolution of the matter;

(f)

whether the contravention that is the subject of the proposed settlement was the result of the conduct of one or more individual officers or employees (and their level of seniority);

(g)

whether the person has co-operated with us (e.g., by providing complete information about the conduct or contravention, taking any remedial action);

(h)

whether the settlement will achieve an effective outcome for those who have been adversely affected by the contravention;

(i)

whether the person is likely to comply with the terms of the settlement;

(j)

the person’s disciplinary record and compliance history; and

(k)

whether the settlement promotes general deterrence.

Form of settlement

We will generally only settle an enforcement matter on the basis of either:

(a)

a final notice setting out the action taken (see paragraph 7.15.10); and/or

(b)

an enforceable undertaking (see section 7.16).

(c)

A settlement which results in a final notice may also be supported by a confidential and legally enforceable settlement agreement executed by all parties to the settlement.

Final notice

The outcome of a settlement with us will usually result in a final notice setting out the agreed findings and action, and any other applicable requirements for a final notice issued in accordance with section 251 of FSMR. This promotes consistency of regulatory outcomes and transparency of approach to enforcement decision-making.

7.16 Enforceable undertakings

In this section we will refer to an enforceable undertaking as an “EU”. An EU is a form of settlement that we may accept, under section 235 of FSMR, as an alternative to other remedies available to us to influence behaviour and encourage a culture of compliance.

Confidential

70

GPM VER06.020125

An EU involves a written undertaking from a person against whom action could be taken under FSMR or any Rules made under FSMR, to do or refrain from doing a specified act or acts. It may, amongst other things, also include remedial actions that are not otherwise available under a final notice or other steps the person has agreed to take.

An EU may be offered by a person and accepted by us at any time, either before, during or after an investigation, the making of a decision or the commencement of proceedings in Court. Entry into an EU is voluntary. We do not have the power to require a person to enter into an EU, nor can a person compel us to accept an EU.

In matters where we believe there has been a contravention we will generally seek a settlement leading to the issuance of a final notice rather than an EU. We will generally only consider accepting an EU that we consider to be necessary or desirable in pursuit of our objectives. In such instances, we will expect the EU to contain:

(a