 that the decision is wrong in law or is in excess of the Appeal Panel's jurisdiction.

Costs in proceedings before the Appeals Panel

The Appeals Panel, on conclusion of any proceedings before it, may make an order (under section 229(2)(e) of FSMR) requiring a party to the appeal to pay a specified amount, being all or part of the costs of the proceedings, including those of any party to the proceedings. We will generally seek costs in matters that are referred to the Appeals Panel and where our decision has been upheld.

Confidential

93

10.

PUBLICITY

This Chapter sets out our general approach in relation to publicity.

10.2 Content and mode of publication

Where appropriate, we may comment publicly on investigations, enforcement actions and other formal regulatory decisions including publishing notices of regulatory decisions, enforceable undertakings or other enforcement actions, as further detailed in this Chapter. In doing so, we will take into account:

(a)

any privileged or sensitive information when considering the content of our publications; and

(b)

the possibility that any publication may be prejudicial to a third party that can be identified. Section 254 of FSMR sets out a specific process we will follow in relation to third parties when it comes to warning notices and/or decision notices leading towards a final notice that will be published.

Publication may take any one or more forms including a media release, a statement on

our website or any other forums as determined suitable by us.

10.3 Commencement and conclusion of investigations

We will generally not publish information about the commencement, conduct or

conclusion of the investigative phase of our enforcement actions.

Where we do publish the fact that we are conducting an investigation and no enforcement action results, we may issue a press release confirming the conclusion of the investigation and that no action is to be taken.

10.4 General policy on publicity of enforcement actions

We will generally publish, in a manner we consider appropriate and proportionate, information and statements relating to enforcement actions, including penalties and any other relevant matters. The publication of enforcement outcomes is consistent with our commitment to open and transparent processes and our objectives.

We also expect to publish information about the commencement or hearing of court proceedings to support the exercise of our enforcement powers, unless ordered otherwise by the relevant court, or where it is not in the public interest to do so or would not achieve our objectives.

In all cases, we retain the discretion to take a different course of action, where it furthers our ability to achieve our objectives or is otherwise in the public interest to do so. For example, while we generally publish in full the final notice in enforcement actions, we may decide in exceptional cases to publish a redacted version or a summary to protect confidential information. We may also decide to publish information about an enforcement matter at an earlier stage than suggested by the general policy, where circumstances justify this as necessary and appropriate.

94

GPM VER06.020125

10.5 Disclosure of settled enforcement actions

We expect to disclose publicly the outcome of any settlement of an enforcement action to ensure all stakeholders and the general public are clearly informed of the outcome.

Settlement which results in a final notice or an enforceable undertaking will generally be

published on our website as well as via an associated press release.

However, we may be ordered, or required by law, not to publish information regarding a settlement and in such cases we will not do so. For example, publication may not occur if a third party has commenced proceedings in the courts in respect of the same conduct and the publication of the settlement or undertaking may prejudice that party’s case in the courts. However, simply because a third party has commenced proceedings in relation to the same conduct does not definitively preclude us from publishing a settled outcome, including the decision notice or enforceable undertaking. Each matter will turn on its own facts.

10.6 Publicity during the decision-making process

We do not expect to publish information about the commencement or hearing of enforcement proceedings in our decision-making process. Similarly, when we refer an executive decision to the Appeals Panel under section 227 of FSMR for a first instance decision, that will be considered in private and without a public hearing.

The reasons for this are that representations to a decision-maker are confidential and made in private and the release of information prior to a full and complete consideration of all representations and facts may be contrary to our objectives and not in the public interest.

10.