 7. Where part of a proposed financial penalty specifically equates to the disgorgement of profit accrued or loss avoided, then the percentage reduction will not apply to that part of the financial penalty.

Confidential

87

GPM VER06.020125

9.

DECISION-MAKING

9.1

Introduction

This Chapter sets out our general approach to making decisions when exercising our

discretionary powers.

For our approach to decision-making in relation to contraventions of our Tax Reporting

Regulations, see Chapter 11.

9.2 Who can exercise our powers?

Our powers can be exercised by our Chief Executive or any delegate of our Chief

Executive, who may include:

(a)

an Investigator;

(b)

any employee to whom the Chief Executive has delegated their powers;

(c)

any panel or committee established by the Chief Executive for the purpose of making decisions; or

(d)

any other delegated person.

9.3

Our general approach to decision-making

Natural justice and procedural fairness principles

Our approach to decision-making is based on observance of natural justice and the

procedural fairness principles, by:

(a)

acting without bias or conflict of interest;

(b)

giving the person affected by the decision an opportunity to present their case; and

(c)

taking into account only those considerations which are relevant to the matter to be decided upon.

Acting without bias or conflict of interest

A decision-maker called upon to make a decision is expected to act impartially in doing so. If the decision-maker has a vested financial or personal interest in the matter, a conflict of interest may arise that prevents an impartial or unbiased decision being made. A decision-maker who does have a financial or other personal interest in the matter is required to disclose this interest and, if the interest is material, would not be the decision- maker in relation to that matter.

We may refer an executive decision to the Appeals Panel for determination under section

227 of FSMR if we consider it appropriate to do so.

Confidential

88

GPM VER06.020125

Relevant considerations

The decision-maker is expected to take into account each and every consideration which

is relevant to the matter to be decided upon. This requires the decision-maker to:

(a)

ensure that it has all the material information that is necessary to be able to make the relevant decision;

(b)

disregard any irrelevant information; and

(c)

have the relevant power to make the decision.

In order to meet its procedural fairness obligations, the key elements of our approach to decision-making include:

(a)

having adequate systems and controls to ensure that those making decisions on our behalf are impartial and not affected by conflicts of interests that may affect their decisions;

(b)

giving a person in respect of whom we propose to make a decision (in this Chapter, the "affected person") advance notice about our proposed action, except in cases when we may take immediate action because any delay resulting from advance notice would be prejudicial to the interests of direct or indirect users of financial services in the ADGM or otherwise prejudicial to the interests of the ADGM;

(c)

giving the affected person clear reasons why we propose to take the relevant action;

(d)

giving the affected person a suitable opportunity to make representations (in person and in writing) with regard to our proposed action;

(e)

taking into account any representations made by, or on behalf of, the affected person before making a final decision, i.e., making any consequential changes to the proposed action given the representations made or other additional material available to us, as appropriate;

(f)

taking into account only those considerations which are relevant to the matter to be decided upon;

(g)

giving, without undue delay, the affected person a clear statement in writing of our final decision, the reasons for that decision and the effective date;

(h)

informing the affected person what rights of review that person has in respect of our decision, and within what period those rights of review must be exercised; and

(i)

having in place adequate mechanisms to enable the affected person to have our decision properly and impartially reviewed.

In certain circumstances we do not have to give an affected person advance notice of our proposed action, or the chance to make prior representations, before the action takes effect. In such circumstances, we are still obliged to give the affected person a right of representation within a specified period from the date on which the decision is made and

