see section 6.2.5).

Confidential

6

GPM VER06.020125

The need for a Financial Service Permission or Recognition Order

Schedule 1 to FSMR contains a complete list of Regulated Activities. When determining whether an applicant will require a Financial Services Permission to engage in a specific Regulated Activity, the applicant should first, determine that such Regulated Activity will be carried on in or from the ADGM ‘by way of business’ as described in paragraph 2.1.4. If they are then the applicant will need to consider whether any of the applicable exclusions apply, either: (i) specified following the description of the relevant Regulated Activity; or (ii) amongst the general exclusions contained in Chapter 18 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Alternatively, an applicant may need to consider if constitutes an Exempt Person (or

would do, should it receive the required Recognition Order).

Combinations of Regulated Activities

Generally, we will rely upon the applicant’s written application and discussions when considering which Regulated Activities should be included in any Financial Service Permission granted to the applicant. The Regulator will only include a Regulated Activity within a Financial Service Permission when it reasonably believes such Regulated Activity is required for the applicant to conduct its business. Applicants should consider each Regulated Activity as a distinct activity with a distinct Financial Service Permission.

While no Regulated Activity will require the Regulator to include a second Regulated Activity within the Financial Service Permission to enable the applicant to engage in the original Regulated Activity, certain Regulated Activities may be combined with other Regulated Activities. For example, where an applicant may be arranging transactions which arise from advice given to a client. This would be acceptable, provided:

(a)

the applicant has requested both Regulated Activities to be included in its Financial Service Permission;

(b)

the applicant satisfies the relevant criteria necessary to engage in both Regulated Activities; and

(c)

no conflicts arise as a consequence of the conduct of both Regulated Activities by a single person (see paragraph 2.1.10).

Conflicts between Regulated Activities

By their nature, certain combinations of Regulated Activities may be difficult for a single applicant to undertake without risk of a material conflict of interest. In such circumstances, the Regulator will not grant a Financial Service Permission to engage in both Regulated Activities without being satisfied that both activities may be undertaken independently in a manner which addresses potential conflicting duties between clients or conflicts between the interests of the applicant and its clients.

The Regulator does not provide an exhaustive list of potentially conflicting duties and interests and expects that each applicant will have reviewed the scope of those

Confidential

7

GPM VER06.020125

Regulated Activities it wishes to engage in, in order to identify and take steps to mitigate potential conflicts.

2.2

Assessing the fitness and propriety of applicants

We expect applicants seeking authorisation/recognition to be fit and proper. This provides us with the assurance that applicants are willing and able to fulfil their obligations under the law. The onus is on each applicant to establish that they are fit and proper.

Reputation and standing

In assessing the reputation and standing of an applicant, we can take into consideration any relevant matters including:

(a)

any matter affecting the propriety of the applicant’s conduct, whether or not such conduct may have resulted in the commission of a criminal offence, the contravention of the law, or the institution of legal or disciplinary proceedings of whatever nature;

(b)

whether an applicant has ever been the subject of disciplinary procedures by a government body or agency or any self-regulatory organisation or other professional body;

(c)

a contravention of any provision of financial services legislation or of rules, regulations, statements of principle or codes of practice made under it or made by a recognised self-regulatory organisation, another regulatory authority or regulated exchange or clearing house;

(d)

whether an applicant has been refused, or had a restriction placed on, the right to carry on a trade, business or profession requiring a licence, registration or other permission;

(e)

an adverse finding or an agreed settlement in a civil action by any court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction resulting in an award against or payment by an applicant;

(f)

whether an applicant has been censured, disciplined, publicly criticised or the subject of a court order at the instigation of any regulatory authority, any officially appointed inquiry, or any other regulatory