MR sections 33 and 233);

(e)

impose or vary conditions on an Approved Person on our own initiative (FSMR section 48);

(f)

give a Direction to a Recognised Body (FSMR section 132); and

(g)

revoke a Recognition Order (FSMR section 134).

In exercising a power specified in this Chapter (except when requesting information and/or documents or a skilled person report), we will generally follow the decision- making procedures set out in Chapter 9 of this document and as specified in FSMR.

For our general approach to publicity in certain circumstances, see Chapter 10.

5.2

Power to require information and documents

In order to supervise the conduct and activities of any person subject to our Rules, we require access to a broad range of relevant information. To support this, we have a range of information gathering powers.

Among the various information gathering powers, we may require any person subject to our Rules to give information and produce documents about the relevant business (including all reports prepared by external parties such as consultants appointed by the Authorised Person or Recognised Body). When we require a person to provide information or give documents, we will give the person a written notice specifying what information or documents we require and the date by which the information or documents must be provided.

5.3

Power to require a report

We may require any person subject to our Rules to provide us with a report from a Skilled

Person on specified matters, in circumstances where (amongst other things):

Confidential

36

GPM VER06.020125

(a)

we have concerns about the adequacy of systems and controls (such as compliance, internal audit, anti-money laundering, risk management and record keeping);

(b)

we seek verification of information submitted by it; or

(c)

we require remedial action to ensure the firm or Recognised Body complies with legislation administered by us.

GEN 8.12 sets out various requirements in relation to Skilled Persons, including:

(a)

our ability to give written notice to a firm or Recognised Body, requiring a report to be provided by a Skilled Person and setting out the purpose of the proposed report, the scope, the timetable for completion and any other relevant matters;

(b)

appointment of a Skilled Person by the firm or Recognised Body that has been nominated and/or approved by us (at our election);

(c)

the requirement that the Skilled Person co-operates with us, and is provided with all assistance by the firm or Recognised Body that the Skilled Person may reasonably require; and

(d)

that the firm or Recognised Body will pay for the services of the Skilled Person.

5.4

Power to impose Requirements on a firm

Section 35 of FSMR gives us a power to impose Requirements on a firm that has applied for or been granted a Financial Services Permission, or seeks to vary a Financial Services Permission. We can do so either at the request of a firm or on our own initiative.

We may impose a Requirement on a firm under section 35 of FSMR so as to require the firm to take action, or refrain from taking action, specified by us. Section 36 of FSMR sets out further provisions regarding our power to impose Requirements and provides that a Requirement can extend to a firm’s activities which are not Regulated Activities.

5.4.3 We may exercise this power in the circumstances set out in section 35(2) of FSMR, which

could include situations where:

(a)

the firm is failing, or is likely to fail, to satisfy the Threshold Condition Rules such as where the firm:

(i)

has inadequate or inappropriate resources;

(ii)

is not fit and proper;

(iii)

is incapable of being supervised effectively; or

(iv)

has inadequate compliance arrangements to enable it to comply with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements;

Confidential

37

GPM VER06.020125

(b)

the firm has contravened legislation administered by us or there is a reasonable likelihood it might do so; or

(c)

we consider that the exercise of the power is necessary or desirable in the pursuit of one or more of our objectives, for example, in circumstances where there is a risk of an adverse effect on its Customers or an enforcement action or insolvency proceedings have commenced.

In determining whether to exercise this power, we will take into account all relevant facts and circumstances, including whether the firm's