determine:

(a)

whether there has been a contravention; and

(b)

whether it’s appropriate to take action for the contravention in question.

Given the nature of the Tax Reporting Regulations and prescribed penalties it would be unusual not to take action for a contravention. Doing so demonstrates the benefits of compliance and reassures others that effective compliance is warranted.

11.3 Remedies

The remedies for contraventions of the Tax Reporting Regulations are based on the financial penalties mandated by the relevant regulations themselves, deriving from a federal regime that applies across the UAE. The level of financial penalty to be imposed will usually be prescribed in the relevant Tax Reporting Regulations and depend upon the specific contravention identified. However, we have the power to impose additional penalties where appropriate to do so (for example, if the relevant regulations do not prescribe a penalty for the relevant contravention).

While we have the ability to apply additional remedies as may be appropriate from time to time, imposition of the prescribed penalties will usually be considered the most appropriate action to take.

97

GPM VER06.020125

11.4 Penalty Guidance

The penalty guidance in Chapter 8 will not apply to contraventions of the Tax Reporting Regulations, as the relevant regime prescribes the appropriate penalty for specific contraventions.

11.5 Decision-making

Sections 9.1-9.3 of Chapter 9 generally apply to the decisions we make in relation to potential contraventions of our Tax Reporting Regulations. However, the process and procedure (including timeframes) for issuing or appealing decisions is prescribed in the applicable Tax Reporting Regulations and paragraph 9.3.5 should be read in such light when applied in these circumstances. Accordingly:

(a)

the notice we issue that gives a person advance notice about our proposed action should be viewed as our initial ‘decision’ in relation to the alleged contravention and proposed penalty;

(b)

any appeal by the affected person for us to reconsider the decision may only be made on the grounds and within the timescales set out in the applicable Tax Reporting Regulations;

(c)

we will only consider an appeal in accordance with the relevant regulations and will issue our decision on the same within the timescales set out in the relevant regulations; and

(d)

any further appeal may only be made as per the relevant regulations.

Sections 9.4 to 9.8 do not apply to decisions under the Tax Reporting Regulations.

11.6 Costs and Publicity

The content of Chapter 7 in relation to costs, and Chapter 10 in relation to publicity will, to the extent appropriate, apply to enforcement activity in relation to the Tax Reporting Regulations as well.

Confidential

98