 question, we may place appropriate reliance on the supervision undertaken by this regulator.

Domestic Firm's Group with ADGM head office

3.2.5 We will usually be the lead and consolidated regulator of any Group headquartered as a Domestic Firm in ADGM. Members of the Group, that is, any of the firm's Subsidiaries or Branches, will be either subject to our exclusive supervision or, where members of the Group are located in a jurisdiction outside ADGM, generally subject to lead or consolidated supervision by us in co-operation with another regulator, provided we are satisfied that it meets appropriate regulatory criteria and standards.

Subsidiary of a non-ADGM firm

3.2.6 We will be the host regulator for the purpose of prudential supervision of a firm which is

an ADGM incorporated Subsidiary of a non-ADGM firm.

Confidential

26

GPM VER06.020125

3.2.7 Where a firm is a Subsidiary of a regulated non-ADGM parent company, we take into account any consolidated prudential supervision arrangements to which the firm is subject and will liaise with other regulators as necessary to ensure that these are adequately carried out, taking into account the firm's activities. We may place appropriate reliance on the firm's consolidated regulator in another jurisdiction if we are satisfied that it meets appropriate regulatory criteria and standards.

3.2.8 A firm carrying on Regulated Activities as a Subsidiary of an unregulated non-ADGM parent company may be subject to our consolidated prudential supervision, taking into account the parent's activities.

Branch of a non-ADGM firm

3.2.9 A firm carrying on Regulated Activities through a Branch will be subject to supervision by

both us and the regulator in its head office jurisdiction.

3.2.10 We will have regard to any lead or consolidated prudential supervision arrangements to which a firm is subject. We may place appropriate reliance on a firm's lead regulator in another jurisdiction and, where appropriate, its consolidated prudential regulator if we are satisfied that it meets appropriate regulatory criteria and standards. Where a firm is subject to lead regulation arrangements with a foreign regulator, we will usually not seek to impose consolidated prudential supervision on the firm's Group.

3.2.11 In determining the level of regulatory and supervisory oversight required for a specific

firm, we will consider:

(a)

the degree of home country regulation and supervision by the home regulator;

(b)

the fitness and propriety of the head office and its Controllers;

(c)

the strength of support, both financial and managerial, which the head office is capable of providing to the branch, taking into account the branch's activities and the adequacy of, among other things, the corporate governance framework and practices at the head office; and

(d)

the risk and control mechanisms within the Branch itself.

3.2.12 Based on this assessment, we may consider granting a waiver or modification notice in respect of specific prudential or other regulatory requirements relating to a Branch.

Periodic returns for Firms

3.2.13 A firm is required to submit periodic returns. In addition, a firm may be required to submit copies of its Group's annual interim and audited accounts. We may also require a firm to provide copies of Group returns which are sent to any other regulator.

3.2.14 Collecting this data in a timely and accurate manner is imperative to our risk

management cycle.

Confidential

27

GPM VER06.020125

Review of risk management systems

3.2.15 Under GEN 3.3.4, a firm must ensure that its risk management systems provide the firm with the means to identify, assess, mitigate, monitor and control its risks. In addition to undertaking our own assessment of the firm, we may review the firm's internal risk self- assessment and determine the extent to which each of the firm's risks impact our objectives, the likelihood of the risk occurring, and the controls and mitigation programmes the firm has in place.

Desktop reviews

3.2.16 We may undertake desktop analyses to review a firm’s business activities and compliance with our legislation. A desktop review may involve analysing information provided by the firm through periodic returns, internal management information, ad-hoc questionnaires, published financial information or specially requested information. Through monitoring key indicators and the development