 plays an important role in the pursuit of our objectives set out in FSMR. By imposing financial penalties, public censures and other disciplinary measures we show that we are upholding regulatory standards and helping to maintain market confidence and deter financial crime. It demonstrates the benefits of compliance and reassures others that effective compliance is warranted.

However, they are not the only tools available to us, and there will be instances of non- compliance which we consider appropriate to address without the use of such tools. The FSRA will adopt a risk-based approach when considering what tools to use.

6.8

Step 5 - Assessment of remedies

At the conclusion of an investigation, based on analysis of the information gathered and the Investigator’s findings, we may elect to take no further action or to pursue one or more of the remedies available.

There is a range of remedies which we may pursue to achieve our objectives. Our approach to the various remedies available and settlement is detailed in Chapter 7.

We do not have criminal jurisdiction. Should criminal conduct be identified, it will be

referred to the appropriate law enforcement agency.

6.9

Step 6 - Conclusion of an investigation

We will conclude an investigation when:

Confidential

56

GPM VER06.020125

(a)

we have decided to take no further action in response to the suspected contraventions which are the subject of the investigation (for example, due to insufficiency of evidence or there being no suitable remedy available); or

(b)

all remedies and obligations resulting from an investigation are concluded and fulfilled.

6.10 Return of information and documents

Where, during the course of an investigation, we have obtained original documents, we will usually return those to the person from whom the documents were received, as soon as practicable after the conclusion of the investigation or related proceedings.

Where information or documents have been produced to us in the course of an investigation to assist another regulator or agency, we may release the information or documents to that other regulator or agency. Any original documents will usually be returned to the person from whom the documents were received, as soon as practicable after receiving them back from the other regulator or agency.

6.11 Costs

Where a person is found by the Appeals Panel or the Court to have contravened FSMR or Rules, the Appeals Panel or the Court may order that person to pay or reimburse us in respect of the whole or a specified part of the costs and expenses of the investigation, including the remuneration of a person involved in the investigation.

6.12 Summary of Investigation Powers under FSMR

s 205

Commence an investigation into an Authorised Person, Recognised Body or Remote Body (s 205(1))

Commencement of Investigations

Commence an investigation where reasonably suspected that a person has committed a contravention of FSMR or any Rules

May be exercised at the request of a Non-ADGM Regulator (s 217)

s 206

Investigator may require a person to: attend an interview, produce documents, provide information or assistance or permit entry to business premises to inspect and copy documents

Powers of Investigators

Applies to a Person Under Investigation or any other person (whether or not connected to the Person Under Investigation)

s 212

Entry of premises under Court order

Seek an order from the Court authorising the entry and search of premises, taking copies of documents, requiring an explanation of documents or information (or to state where it might be found) and the use of reasonable force

s 215

Cooperation with others

Take such steps as are considered appropriate to co-operate with other persons that have a function similar to those of the FSRA, or in relation to the prevention and detection of financial crime

Confidential

57

GPM VER06.020125

s 216

Exercise of power in support of Non-ADGM Regulator

s 217

Investigations in support of Non-ADGM Regulator

Own-Initiative Powers may be exercised at the request of or for the purposes of assisting a Non-ADGM Regulator

Exercise of powers conferred by s 201 or 205(1) or (2) at the request of a Non- ADGM Regulator

Confidential

58

GPM VER06.020125

7.

DISCIPLINARY POWERS AND REMEDIES

7.1

Introduction

This