, during or after an investigation, the making of a decision or the commencement of proceedings in Court. Entry into an EU is voluntary. We do not have the power to require a person to enter into an EU, nor can a person compel us to accept an EU.

In matters where we believe there has been a contravention we will generally seek a settlement leading to the issuance of a final notice rather than an EU. We will generally only consider accepting an EU that we consider to be necessary or desirable in pursuit of our objectives. In such instances, we will expect the EU to contain:

(a)

an admission or acknowledgement of any contraventions or our concerns;

(b)

undertakings addressing our concerns;

(c)

an agreement to make the EU public; and

(d)

an agreement not to make public statements conflicting with the spirit of the EU.

A person offering us an EU may also undertake in the EU to pay a pecuniary penalty and/or

our costs, including any costs associated with compliance with the EU.

Variation or withdrawal

Once accepted by us, an EU can only be withdrawn or varied with our consent in writing.

We will only consider a request to vary an undertaking if:

(a)

the variation will not alter the spirit of the original undertaking;

(b)

compliance with any one or more terms of the undertaking is subsequently found to be impractical or impossible; or

(c)

there has been a material change in the circumstances which led to the undertaking being given.

Compliance with an EU

If we consider that a person has not complied with the terms of an EU , we may:

Confidential

71

GPM VER06.020125

(a)

apply to the Court for appropriate orders;

(b)

publish the fact of the application to the Court and any subsequent orders of the Court; and

(c)

seek the costs of the application.

7.17

Litigation Costs

We will generally seek litigation costs orders from the Court where we have commenced proceedings in connection with any remedies, and have been successful in achieving all or part of the outcome sought. We will generally also seek costs in matters that are referred to the Appeals Panel and where our decision has been upheld.

7.18 Summary of Disciplinary Powers and Remedies under FSMR

s 231

Public Censure

s 232

Financial Penalties

s 234

Prohibition Orders

s 235

Enforceable Undertaking

s 236

Injunctions: General

s 237

Injunctions in Investigations and Proceedings

s 238

Injunctions in the case of Market Abuse

s 239

Restitution Orders

s 240

Restitution Orders in the case of Market Abuse

s 241

Power of the Regulator to require Restitution

s 242

Action for damages

s 243

Intervene in Proceedings

s 244

Compulsory Winding Up

s 245

Undertakings as to Damages

Confidential

72

GPM VER06.020125

8.

PENALTY GUIDANCE

8.1

Introduction

This Chapter sets out the matters we will take into account when deciding whether to take action in respect of a contravention, including whether to impose a financial penalty or public censure, or take other disciplinary action. It also includes our approach to determining a financial penalty.

For the avoidance of doubt, in this Chapter references to a ‘contravention’ should be read

as meaning ‘a contravention or contraventions’.

We will also generally refer to this Chapter when determining an appropriate penalty for the purposes of settlement, including any pecuniary penalty under an enforceable undertaking, as outlined in Chapter 7.

For our approach to penalties for contravention of our Tax Reporting Regulations, see

Chapter 11.

In addition to the matters set out in this Chapter, for contraventions relating to money- laundering, terrorist financing, the financing of unlawful organisations and sanctions non-compliance, we will also take into consideration guidance issued from time to time pursuant to Federal AML legislation.

8.2

Deciding to take action

When deciding whether to take disciplinary action and the appropriate penalty, we will consider all relevant facts and circumstances, which could include (but are not limited to) the following:

(a)

Our objectives;

(b)

The deterrent effect of the penalty on:

(i)

persons that