 subject of an investigation will treat the matter as

Confidential

50

GPM VER06.020125

confidential. However, subject to the restrictions on disclosure of confidential information in sections 197 and 198 of FSMR, this does not stop the person under investigation from seeking professional advice or making their own enquiries into the matter, giving their auditors appropriate details of the matter or making notifications required by law.

6.5

Step 3 - Information Gathering - General

Once an investigation has commenced, we may exercise our powers to gather

information to advance our objectives.

Our information-gathering powers will be exercised by the person(s) appointed as Investigators for that purpose. These persons may be non-FSRA personnel who have been appointed to assist the investigation.

Confidentiality

Our approach to confidentiality when exercising our regulatory functions is set out in

section 3.5.

Protections

Parties who are required to comply with a requirement made during the course of an investigation, and persons who are the subject of an investigation, may benefit from certain protections in FSMR, including:

(a)

section 198, which provides that confidential information provided to us must not be disclosed except in certain limited circumstances;

(b)

section 207(2), which provides that where a person takes part in an interview, any statements made during the interview cannot be disclosed by the Investigator to a law enforcement agency for the purpose of criminal proceedings unless the person consents to the disclosure or the Investigator is required by law or court order to disclose the statement; and

(c)

claims of legal professional privilege and other protections (see paragraphs 6.5.5 and 6.5.6).

Claims of privilege and other protections

As set out in sections 210 and 211 of FSMR, there are a number of limitations on our

powers to require documents and information.

We will recognise a valid claim for legal professional privilege, made by:

Confidential

51

GPM VER06.020125

(a)

the privilege holder, or

(b)

a third party seeking to assert the legal professional privilege claim on behalf of the privilege holder.

Time for responding to requirement for information, documents or assistance

As delays in the provision of information and/or documents can have an adverse impact on the efficient and effective progression of an investigation, we expect persons to respond to information and document requests within the timeframe for specified by the Investigator. Failure to do so may amount to a contravention as defined in section 218 of FSMR for which we can take regulatory action, such as imposing a financial penalty.

Once a requirement to give information and/or produce documents has been issued, the Investigator will not usually agree to an extension of time for complying with the requirement unless compelling reasons are provided to support an extension request.

Non-compliance with requirements

A person that fails to comply with a requirement under Part 17 of FSMR can be certified in default and, in the event the Court of First Instance is satisfied, dealt with as if they were in contempt of court pursuant to section 214(1)-(2) of FSMR. For failing to comply with such requirements, such a person may also be found to have committed a contravention of FSMR pursuant to section 218.

A person that deliberately or recklessly provides information that is false or misleading in a material particular in purported compliance with a Part 17 requirement commits a contravention of FSMR section 214(4). Engaging in conduct that is intended to obstruct us in the exercise of our investigative powers by any means is also a contravention. Such obstruction could include:

(a)

the failure to attend at a specified time and place to answer questions;

(b)

the falsification, concealment or destruction of documents;

(c)

the failure to give or produce information or documents specified by us;

(d)

the failure to permit us access to premises; and

(e)

the failure to provide assistance in relation to an investigation.

We will regard any contravention resulting from a failure to comply with Part 17 of FSMR as serious, particularly any action taken to obstruct us in the exercise of our investigative powers. We will take appropriate action where necessary.

Confidential

52

GPM VER06.020125

6.6

Step 3 - Information Gathering – section 206 powers

Power to require a person to attend an interview

Under section 206(1)(