

GPM VER06.020125

(a)

the intention behind the Rule in question and the regulatory outcomes that the Rule aims to achieve;

(b)

whether there are any precedents where we have previously granted relief, or not granted relief, from the Rule in question, including any conditions which may have been imposed; and

(c)

if relief has been granted in the past, the similarities and differences between the cases where relief has previously been granted and the applicant's case.

All applications for waivers or modifications should be made in such form as we shall

prescribe.

In an application for a waiver or modification, the applicant will need to:

(a)

set out the reasons for requesting the granting of a waiver or a modification;

(b)

explain the impact of the application of the provisions as it stands on the applicant;

(c)

attach any precedent relief supporting the application which may have been issued;

(d)

identify any risks associated with the relief being sought and how the applicant plans to mitigate such risks; and

(e)

in the case of an application to modify a Rule, propose wording for the modified Rule.

It is for the applicant to demonstrate a compelling case for granting relief; we do not make decisions lightly. The granting of a waiver or modification, including the specific wording of any modification and any conditions attached to the relief granted, is at our discretion and it will generally only grant relief where there is shown to be an appropriate and necessary reason for doing so.

On occasion, we may believe that the relief being sought by an applicant may be relevant to, and should be applied to, a number of persons (or a class of persons) similarly affected by the Rule in question. In these circumstances, instead of requiring the affected persons to individually apply for the same relief, we will publish a notice on our website and invite the relevant persons to "consent" to the “class Waiver” or “class Modification.” This is simply done by notifying us that they wish the class Waiver or class Modification to apply in relation to their activities.

4.4

Considering an application

We will acknowledge receipt of an application for relief and may request further information, potentially including meeting with the applicant to discuss the need for the relief sought. The time taken by us to determine the application will depend upon the complexity of the issues it raises.

Confidential

33

GPM VER06.020125

When considering each application, we assess the net regulatory benefit or detriment which would result from granting the relief sought on the conditions proposed and any risks posed by such relief. We will generally grant relief where:

(a)

it has formed the opinion that there is a net regulatory benefit; or

(b)

the regulatory detriment is minimal as the relief sought does not conflict with the policy intent of the Rule and the applicant has demonstrated that the associated risks would be adequately mitigated if relief was granted.

Relief will be given to overcome the disproportionate effects of Rules in exceptional cases, the anomalous effects of Rules in unique cases for which they were not created, and the unforeseen side effects of Rules. For example, changes in international standards may result in unforeseen differences between the Rules and the new standards. While the Rules would ordinarily adapt over time to reflect such changes, an Authorised Person or Recognised Body may seek a waiver or modification of a specific Rule to accommodate the evolution of the international standard. This may also represent a scenario where we may publish a notice to be made available to other affected persons within ADGM upon their consent. Similarly, where material changes to a Rule may make it impractical for Authorised Persons or a Recognised Body to comply immediately, a request for a temporary waiver or modification may be granted.

We may impose such conditions on relief as we may see fit, and a notice may specify that the relevant waiver or modification may be available for only a specified period of time, after which time it will cease to apply.

If we decide not to grant relief, we will give reasons for the decision. An applicant may withdraw its application for relief at any time up until notification of our decision has been given to the applicant. In doing so, the applicant should give reasons for the withdrawal of the application.

4.5

Publication of waivers and modifications

We will publish all Directions concerning waivers and modifications unless we are

satisfied that it is inappropriate or unnecessary to do so.

We will publish all Directions concerning waivers and modifications in such a way that

we consider appropriate for