 our own assessment of the firm, we may review the firm's internal risk self- assessment and determine the extent to which each of the firm's risks impact our objectives, the likelihood of the risk occurring, and the controls and mitigation programmes the firm has in place.

Desktop reviews

3.2.16 We may undertake desktop analyses to review a firm’s business activities and compliance with our legislation. A desktop review may involve analysing information provided by the firm through periodic returns, internal management information, ad-hoc questionnaires, published financial information or specially requested information. Through monitoring key indicators and the development of the firm’s business, we seek to detect emerging issues for further in-depth reviews through meetings with the firm’s management, onsite examinations, or otherwise. Apart from reports such as regular prudential returns, we may from time to time also request from a firm additional supplementary information and documents, including non-financial information such as a firm's internal policies on particular areas of risk and compliance.

On-site visits

3.2.17 On-site visits provide us with an overview of the firm's operations and enable us to form a first-hand view of the personnel, systems and controls and compliance culture within the firm as well as identifying and evaluating the risks to our objectives, taking into account any mitigation by the firm. They enable us to test the soundness of the firm's systems and controls and the extent to which we can continue to rely on them and the firm's senior management to prevent or mitigate risks to our objectives. On-site visits will also assist us to assess the extent of supervision and the use of other supervisory tools required to address certain key risk areas.

Periodic communications

3.2.18 We are committed to open and transparent communication with firms. From time to time, we may issue letters to Senior Executive Officers or equivalent persons across ADGM. Frequently, these letters will be issued as a means of communicating findings arising from thematic visits, emerging trends and risks in the financial sector, or in response to any major events or developments.

3.2.19 From time to time, we may consider a particular item of communication to a firm to be of key regulatory importance. For this reason, it may be necessary to issue such communications directly to a senior member of staff at the board level of the ADGM entity copied (where appropriate) to the group's home regulator. For entities established as a Branch in ADGM, these communications will likely be delivered to the Chairman of the Board at the ADGM Branch entity's head or Parent office. For ADGM incorporated entities, these communications will likely be delivered directly to the Chairman of the firm's board or head office. These communications may include, for example, the findings of our risk

Confidential

28

GPM VER06.020125

assessment visits where a risk mitigation plan has been sent that contains significant matters of concern to our objectives.

External Auditor reports, statements and meetings

3.2.20 An auditor of a firm is required to provide reports to us addressing the matters outlined in section 191 of FSMR. As part of an audit, we would expect an auditor to review any relevant correspondence between us and the firm (e.g., on matters of regulatory concern) and ensure that appropriate follow-up actions have been taken by the firm. We may also require the firm to commission the auditor to conduct a special purpose audit to certify and ensure that any risk mitigation plan has been appropriately implemented. Further, we may from time to time, request tripartite meetings between the firm's senior management, the auditor, and ourselves.

Controllers - Our approval

3.2.21 A person who proposes to become a Controller of a Domestic Firm or an existing Controller who proposes to increase the level of control which that person has in a Domestic Firm beyond the threshold of 20%, 30% or 50% is required to obtain our prior approval before doing so. A Controller does not require our prior approval if they are simply increasing their level of control within the same control band that is specified in GEN 8.8.4(2). Our assessment of a proposed acquisition or increase in control of a Domestic Firm is a review of such a firm's continued fitness and propriety and ability to conduct business soundly and prudently and takes into account considerations set out in paragraph 2.2.9.

3.2.22 Under GEN 8.8.5(1), a person