 will consider whether to proceed with an investigation or take some form of regulatory action.

Referrals

There are two types of referrals - internal and external.

(a)

Internal referrals

(b)

Internal referrals usually originate from our supervisory activities. Our supervisory framework is designed to detect and mitigate risks to ADGM and the financial services industry in ADGM.

(c)

An internal referral usually occurs where our supervision function identifies possible contraventions of our legislation and considers that the matter warrants referral to our enforcement department for further review.

(d)

When the enforcement function receives an internal referral, the referring function will continue to be responsible during the course of the investigation for the ongoing supervision of the firm that is the subject of the referral.

(e)

External referrals

(f)

We may also receive allegations of misconduct through an external referral from other regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies or any other person.

(g)

Such allegations may be received pursuant to the IOSCO or IAIS Multilateral Memoranda of Understanding (MMoU), or bilateral arrangements for the exchange of information between us and other regulatory and enforcement agencies.

6.4

Step 2 - Commencement of investigations

Each matter will be assessed to determine whether it is appropriate to commence an investigation. As set out in section 205 of FSMR, we may commence an investigation if it appears that there is good reason for doing so, or if we reasonably suspect there may be a contravention of our legislation. In such instances, we may start an investigation.

Under section 205(1) of FSMR the Regulator is empowered to commence an investigation

if it appears there is “good reason” for doing so, into:

Confidential

49

GPM VER06.020125

(a)

the nature, conduct or state of the Business of an Authorised Person, Recognised Body or Remote Body;

(b)

a particular aspect of that Business;

(c)

the ownership or control of an Authorised Person, Recognised Body or Remote Body; or

(d)

a matter reasonably requested to be investigated pursuant to a request by a Non- ADGM Regulator under section 217 of FSMR.

Under section 205(2) of FSMR, the Regulator is empowered to commence an investigation where it reasonably suspects that a contravention of the Regulations or any Rules may have been committed.

In determining whether to commence an investigation, we will consider a number of factors including, as applicable:

(a)

the nature and seriousness of the suspected contravention;

(b)

whether the suspected contravention is ongoing;

(c)

whether the suspected contravention affects, or has the potential to affect, our objectives;

(d)

whether those involved in the suspected contravention are likely to co-operate;

(e)

the disciplinary record and compliance history of the person(s) involved in the suspected contravention;

(f)

whether a suitable remedy is available;

(g)

the extent to which another law enforcement agency or another regulatory authority can adequately address the matter;

(h)

the nature of any request for assistance made by another regulator or body under sections 216 or 217 of FSMR; and

(i)

whether any party who may have suffered a detriment as a result of the suspected contravention is able to take their own remedial action.

Whether we "reasonably suspect" a contravention will be determined on the information

available at the time of the determination to commence an investigation.

While we are not bound to disclose to any party that an investigation has commenced or is ongoing, or the basis on which we commenced an investigation, we may, where necessary or desirable to do so, notify a person who is the subject of an investigation that an investigation has commenced, and the nature of our investigation.

We will not normally make public the fact that we are investigating a matter. We also expect that the person who is the subject of an investigation will treat the matter as

Confidential

50

GPM VER06.020125

confidential. However, subject to the restrictions on disclosure of confidential information in sections 197 and 198 of FSMR, this does not stop the person under investigation from seeking professional advice or making their own enquiries into the matter, giving their auditors appropriate details of the matter or making notifications required by law.

6.5

Step 3 - Information Gathering - General

Once an investigation has commenced, we may exercise our powers to gather

information to advance our objectives.

Our information