 in legible form, references to its production include references to producing a copy of the information in legible form, or in a form from which it can readily be produced in visible and legible form. Specified means for the purposes of section 206 of FSMR, specified in a notice in writing.

Specified documents may include, for example, any record of information, including:

(a)

anything on which there is writing;

(b)

anything on which there are marks, figures, symbols or perforations having a meaning for persons qualified to interpret them;

(c)

anything from which sounds, images or writings can be reproduced with or without the aid of anything else; or

(d)

a map, plan, drawing or photograph.

When a person is unable to produce a document in compliance with a requirement made by the Investigator, the Investigator may require the person to state, to the best of that person's knowledge or belief, where the document(s) may be found and who last had possession, custody or control of the document(s).

Section 206(1)(c) of FSMR empowers the Investigator to require a person to give, or procure the giving of, information. The term "information" should be interpreted broadly, in accordance with its ordinary meaning, and may include:

Confidential

54

GPM VER06.020125

(a)

knowledge communicated or received concerning a particular matter, fact or circumstance;

(b)

knowledge gained through work, commerce, study, communication, research or instruction;

(c)

data obtained as output from a computer by means of processing input data with a program or any data at any stage of processing including input, output, storage or transmission data;

(d)

an explanation or statement about a matter;

(e)

the identification of a person, matter or thing; or

(f)

the provision of a response to a question.

Power to require assistance

Section 206(1)(d) of FSMR empowers the Investigator to require a person to provide assistance in relation to an investigation, which may include requiring a person to do a physical act or provide information to advance an investigation. For example, an Investigator may require a person to assist in the location of specific documents.

This power can be used independently, or in conjunction with, the exercise of other

investigative powers.

Power to enter premises and inspect and copy documents

Section 206(1)(e) of FSMR permits the Investigator to enter business premises for the purpose of inspecting and copying any documents where relevant for the purposes of the investigation.

The Investigator will give written notice of the exercise of the power to enter business premises under section 206(1)(e) of FSMR. However, there is no requirement for an Investigator to give notice of the exercise of this power in advance. There may be circumstances when the Investigator considers it appropriate not to provide prior notice of an inspection, for example where the provision of prior notice may prejudice the investigation.

When exercising the inspection power, the Investigator may:

(a)

require any appropriate person to:

(i)

make available any relevant information stored at the business premises for inspection or copying; or

(ii)

convert any relevant information into a physical form capable of being copied;

Confidential

55

GPM VER06.020125

(b)

use the facilities of the occupier of the business premises where appropriate and necessary, free of charge, to make copies.

6.7

Step 4 – Analysis of information provided

On completion of the information gathering step, we will carefully consider all the

relevant facts and circumstances of the matter to determine: -

(a)

whether there has been a contravention; and

(b)

whether it is appropriate to pursue regulatory or disciplinary action to address the contravention in question.

The effective and proportionate use of our enforcement powers plays an important role in the pursuit of our objectives set out in FSMR. By imposing financial penalties, public censures and other disciplinary measures we show that we are upholding regulatory standards and helping to maintain market confidence and deter financial crime. It demonstrates the benefits of compliance and reassures others that effective compliance is warranted.

However, they are not the only tools available to us, and there will be instances of non- compliance which we consider appropriate to address without the use of such tools. The FSRA will adopt a risk-based approach when considering what tools to use.

6.8

Step