

Exercise of power in support of Non-ADGM Regulator

s 217

Investigations in support of Non-ADGM Regulator

Own-Initiative Powers may be exercised at the request of or for the purposes of assisting a Non-ADGM Regulator

Exercise of powers conferred by s 201 or 205(1) or (2) at the request of a Non- ADGM Regulator

Confidential

58

GPM VER06.020125

7.

DISCIPLINARY POWERS AND REMEDIES

7.1

Introduction

This Chapter outlines the various disciplinary powers and remedies that may be available

in the event of any contravention of our legislation.

Chapter 8 sets out the matters we will take into account when deciding whether to take action and determining a "penalty" for any such contravention, which includes not only financial penalties but also public censure and other regulatory action.

For our approach to disciplinary powers and remedies in relation to contraventions of our

Tax Reporting Regulations, see Chapter 11.

7.2

Financial penalties

We may seek to impose a financial penalty under section 232 of FSMR on a person whom we consider has contravened a provision of FSMR or the Rules. We may impose a financial penalty of any amount considered appropriate, which shall not exceed the higher of 200,000,000 Dirhams or 10% of the value of the relevant transaction.

In determining whether to impose a financial penalty, and the amount of the financial penalty, we will take into consideration the factors set out in Chapter 8.

Prior to imposing a financial penalty, we will follow the procedures set out in Part 21 of

FSMR (see also Chapter 9).

7.3

Public censure

Under section 231 of FSMR, we may seek to publicly censure a person whom we consider

has contravened a provision of FSMR or the Rules.

In determining whether to publicly censure a person, we will take into consideration the circumstances of the conduct and will be guided by the penalty guidance set out in section 8.3.

7.4

Power to suspend a Financial Services Permission

In addition to the power to cancel or vary a firm’s Financial Services Permission (see section 5.5), under section 233(1) of FSMR, we may suspend, for such period as we consider appropriate, an Authorised Person’s Financial Services Permission, or impose limitations or restrictions in relation to the carrying on of a Regulated Activity by an Authorised Person. We may exercise this power in circumstances where we consider that the Authorised Person has committed a contravention of FSMR.

The power to suspend, limit or restrict an Authorised Person’s Financial Services Permission is a disciplinary measure that we may use (in addition to, or as an alternative to, other disciplinary or regulatory actions) for the purpose of promoting high standards of regulatory and market conduct in the ADGM through specific and generic deterrence, and by demonstrating the benefits of compliant behaviour to the financial services

Confidential

59

GPM VER06.020125

industry. It may also be used for protective purposes if we consider an Authorised Person presents a risk to the ADGM financial services industry.

7.5

Power to suspend Approval of an Approved Person

In addition to the power to withdraw or vary an Approved Person’s Approval (see paragraph 5.6), under section 233(2) of FSMR, we may suspend, for such period as we consider appropriate, an Approval given in relation to the performance of a Controlled Function. The Regulator may exercise this power in circumstances where it considers that the Approved Person has committed a contravention of FSMR.

The power to suspend an Approved Person’s Approval concerning the performance of a Controlled Function is a disciplinary measure which we may use (in addition to, or as an alternative to, other disciplinary or regulatory actions) for the purpose of promoting high standards of regulatory and market conduct in the ADGM through specific and generic deterrence, and by demonstrating the benefits of compliant behaviour to the financial services industry. It may also be used for protective purposes if we consider an Approved Person presents a risk to the ADGM financial services industry.

7.6

Prohibition Orders

We may make a Prohibition Order if it appears to us that an individual is not a fit and proper