 risks. In light of these considerations, this guidance clarifies how the FSRA applies regulatory safeguards to Digital Investment Managers in a manner that is commensurate with the risks they pose, both to clients and to the FSRA’s objectives.

3.

Permissions required for Digital Investment Management

3.1 This section of the Guidance outlines the permissions that may be required to conduct digital investment management in or from ADGM. It also describes the relief available to Digital Investment Managers whose business models meet conditions that serve to reduce the risks they pose.

Financial Services Permissions requirements

3.2 Digital Investment Managers operating in ADGM will require an FSP to undertake any Regulated Activity as part of their business model. The FSRA has observed that the core services provided by a Digital Investment Manager typically involve the provision of one or more of the following Regulated Activities.

a. Advising on Investments or Credit: for example, recommending that a client invest in a portfolio of Financial Instruments, or recommending that a client buy or sell particular Financial Instruments in order to rebalance the client’s portfolio.

b. Arranging Deals in Investments: for example, after recommending that a client invest in a portfolio of Financial Instruments and, with the consent of the client, passing instructions to a broker to buy those Financial Instruments on the client’s behalf.

c. Managing Assets: for example, exercising discretion to rebalance a client’s portfolio by passing instructions to a broker to either buy or sell particular Financial Instruments on the client’s behalf.

Ancillary activities

3.3

In order to facilitate the investment process, a Digital Investment Manager may choose to hold Client Assets directly (i.e. in a Client Account in the Digital Investment Manager’s name that is held with a Third Party Agent as banker or custodian), or may instead arrange for its clients to establish a direct relationship with a regulated Custodian to hold Client Assets. In the latter case,

1 These firms may be eligible to apply for the Registration Authority’s Tech Start-Up Commercial Licence.

DIM VER01.020719

Supplementary Guidance – Authorisation for Digital Investment Management (“Robo-Advisory” Activities)

the Digital Investment Manager may require an FSP to carry on the Regulated Activity of Arranging Custody, unless it meets the exclusion criteria2 set out in Paragraph 47 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

3.4 A Digital Investment Manager holding an FSP to carry on the Regulated Activity of Managing Assets will not require separate permissions for Advising on Investments or Credit and/or Arranging Deals in Investments if it only undertakes those Regulated Activities incidentally, as part of its investment management activities.3

Prudential capital requirements

3.5 Each of the Regulated Activities mentioned in paragraphs 3.2 and 3.3 has associated regulatory

obligations, including in respect of prudential capital requirements.

Table 1: Prudential capital requirements4

Prudential Category

Base Requirement

Capital

Maximum of:

Expenditure Based Capital Minimum

Managing Assets

 Holding Client Assets: 18/52nds of Annual Audited Expenditure

3C

$250,000

 Otherwise: 13/52nds of Annual Audited Expenditure

Advising on Investments or Credit Arranging Deals in Investments Arranging Custody

4

$10,000

 6/52nds of Annual Audited Expenditure

Relief for Digital Investment Managers engaged in Managing Assets

3.6 Paragraphs 3.7 to 3.13 of this Guidance outline the prudential capital relief available to Digital Investment Managers that undertake the Regulated Activity of Managing Assets, subject to meeting all of the conditions detailed below.

2 The exclusion criteria sets out that a person (the “introducer”) does not Arrange Custody by introducing a person to another person ("the custodian") who is authorised by the FSRA or a Non-Abu Dhabi Global Market Regulator to carry on the activity of Providing Custody, if the introducer is not connected with the custodian. An introducer is considered to be connected to a custodian if (a) the custodian is a member of the same Group as the introducer or (b) the introducer is remunerated by the custodian or a member of the custodian's Group for making the introduction. 3 If the Digital Investment Manager operates advisory accounts or arr