 GEN 2.2.8. 16 COBS 3.4.2(a). 17 COBS 3.4.2(a). Pursuant to COBS 3.4.2(b) and (e), Digital Investment Managers may limit the extent to which they will consider suitability for Professional Clients.

DIM VER01.020719

Supplementary Guidance – Authorisation for Digital Investment Management (“Robo-Advisory” Activities)

4.10 Digital Investment Managers must take reasonable steps to ensure that the client information they hold is accurate, complete and up to date.18 In order to comply with this requirement, the FSRA expects that Digital Investment Managers will periodically prompt clients to update their information. This may be achieved by requiring clients to recomplete the Risk Profile Questionnaire, or by posing a more targeted set of questions to identify any changes in the client’s personal circumstances which may impact the suitability of the clients’ portfolios.

Disclosure

4.11 Digital Investment Managers must comply with the disclosure requirements in COBS.19 The information that must be provided to a client differs according to the particular services provided20 and whether the client is a Retail Client or Professional Client. In all cases, communication between a Digital Investment Manager and a client must be clear, fair and not misleading.21

4.12 In the case of Retail Clients, Digital Investment Managers must provide sufficient details of the service that they will provide.22 In discharging this obligation, the FSRA considers that Digital Investment Managers will need to disclose, among other things, the following information to clients.

a. The nature and scope of the services it offers, including the types of products and how it determines whether these products are suitable to meet the investment objective(s) of the client;

b. Details of how the Model is relied upon in the investment process;

c. The key assumptions and limitations of the Model used by the Digital Investment Manager;

d. Circumstances where the Model may fail to perform as intended or where the Digital Investment Manager may halt (for instance due to volatile markets) or make material adjustments to the algorithm, and how these would impact clients;

e. The degree of human involvement and oversight of the investment process; and

f. The inherent, material risks arising from the Digital Investment Manager’s business model,

such as the risks arising from automated portfolio rebalancing.

4.13 Digital Investment Managers are also subject to a number of other disclosure requirements

including, but not limited to, the following.

18 COBS 3.4.3. 19 The majority of these requirements are contained in Chapter 12 of COBS. 20 Refer to COBS 12.1.3 for the disclosures required for Investment Business and COSB 12.1.4 for the disclosures required for an Investment Manager. 21 GEN 2.2.6, COBS 3.2.1. 22 COBS 12.1.2(a)(v).

DIM VER01.020719

Supplementary Guidance – Authorisation for Digital Investment Management (“Robo-Advisory” Activities)

a. Circumstances where the Digital Investment Manager expects clients to update the

information they have provided in their Risk Profile Questionnaire.23

b. Details of any conflicts of interest.24

c. Details of the arrangements put in place by the Digital Investment Manager regarding Client Assets.25 The Digital Investment Manager should also describe the specific risks faced by clients where Client Assets are held by:

i.

a regulated financial institution within the UAE; or

ii.

a regulated financial institution outside the UAE, which could complicate the process of recovering Client Assets in the event of the financial institution defaulting or becoming insolvent.

d.

In the case of Retail Clients:

i.

key particulars of the Digital Investment Manager’s complaints handling procedures;26

ii.

details of fees, costs and other charges and the basis upon the Digital Investment Manager will impose them;27 and

iii.

the content and frequency of the periodic reporting statements that the Digital Investment Manager will issue.28

4.14

In addition to the content of the disclosures, Digital investment Managers should also consider when and how best to make the disclosures in order to ensure that they are read and understood by clients (in particular, Retail Clients).

23 COBS 3.4.3. 24 COBS 3.5.4 and, in the case of Retail Clients,