 relating to the provision of digital

investment management services, including data security;

c.

the effecting and monitoring of transactions by the Digital Investment Manager;

d. the technical operations of the Digital Investment Manager, including contingency

arrangements for disruption to its facilities;

e. the operation of its functions relating to the safeguards and protections to investors; and

f. outsourcing.

4.7

In assessing whether the systems and controls used by the Digital Investment Manager are adequate and appropriate for the scale and nature of its business, the FSRA may have regard to the following:

a. the distribution of duties and responsibilities among its key individuals;

b. the staffing and resources of the Digital Investment Manager;

c.

the arrangements made to enable key individuals to supervise the operations of the Digital Investment Manager; and

d. the arrangements for internal and external audit, including technology audits.

13 Refer to GEN 3.3.33 and PRU 6.9. 14 Refer to GEN 2.2.3 and chapter 3.3, PRU 6.6 and 6.7, and other requirements in the Rulebook as applicable.

DIM VER01.020719

Supplementary Guidance – Authorisation for Digital Investment Management (“Robo-Advisory” Activities)

Suitability requirements

4.8 Digital Investment Managers must comply with the rules relating to suitability in the FSRA’s Conduct of Business Rulebook (“COBS”).15 These rules require Digital Investment Managers to have a reasonable basis for considering that any Specified Investments they recommend, or Transactions they execute on a discretionary basis, are suitable for the client.16 In making this determination of suitability, Digital Investment Managers must:

a. undertake an appropriate assessment of the particular client's needs, objectives, financial situation and also, to the extent relevant, their risk tolerance, knowledge, experience and understanding of the risks involved; and

b. take into account any other relevant requirements and circumstances of the client of which

the Authorised Person is, or ought reasonably to be, aware.17

4.9 Given the nature of their business models, Digital Investment Managers typically rely heavily on an online questionnaire to collect the information needed to perform suitability assessments (“Risk Profile Questionnaire”). When designing a Risk Profile Questionnaire, the FSRA expects that Digital Investment Managers will ensure that the following requirements are met.

a. The information obtained to assess suitability is proportionate with the complexity and risk of the Specified Investments recommended or transacted through the platform. Digital Investment Managers that offer Specified Investments that are relatively high risk or have complex features will need to undertake more extensive due diligence to form a reasonable basis for assessing that these products are suitable for the client.

b. There is a mechanism to exclude clients for whom the Digital Investment Manager’s services would not be suitable, or who require advice that goes beyond the scope of what the Digital Investment Manager can provide. These mechanisms may take the form of ‘knock out’ questions that, for example, reject prospective clients whose investment horizon, liquidity needs or other circumstances are misaligned with the Specified Investments offered through the platform.

c.

Inconsistencies in the information provided by prospective clients are addressed through follow up questions or engagement with a human advisor who can explain the context of the questions and their purpose.

d. Where a client selects a portfolio that is not recommended, information is provided to the client explaining why the recommended portfolio (as opposed to the portfolio selected by the client) is considered suitable in light of the client’s personal circumstances as understood from the client’s responses to the Risk Profile Questionnaire.

15 Digital Investment Managers are also subject to the Principles for Authorised Persons in GEN 2.2. Principle 8 requires Authorised Persons to take reasonable care to ensure the suitability of their Advice and discretionary decisions for clients who are entitled to rely upon their judgment: GEN 2.2.8. 16 COBS 3.4.2(a). 17 COBS 3.4.2(a). Pursuant to COBS 3.4.2(b) and (e), Digital Investment Managers may limit the extent to which they will consider suitability for Professional Clients.

DIM VER01.020719

Supplementary Guidance – Authorisation for Digital Investment Management (“Robo-Advisory” Activities)

4.10 Digital Investment Managers must take reasonable steps to ensure that the client information they hold is accurate, complete and up to date.