Supplementary Guidance – Authorisation of Digital Investment Management (“Robo-advisory”) Activities

DIM VER01.020719

Supplementary Guidance – Authorisation for Digital Investment Management (“Robo-Advisory” Activities)

1.

Introduction

1.1 This Guidance is issued under section 15(2) of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015 (“FSMR”). It should be read in conjunction with FSMR, the Rulebook of the Financial Services Regulatory Authority (“FSRA”) and the Guidance & Policies Manual (“GPM”) of the FSRA.

1.2

It is relevant to an applicant for a Financial Services Permission (“FSP”) to carry on one or more Regulated Activities, as defined in section 19 of FSMR, where the applicant undertakes “digital investment management”, as outlined in Paragraph 2.1 of this Guidance, and is termed a “Digital Investment Manager”. It explains the requirements that applicants must satisfy to be authorised and operate as Digital Investment Managers.

1.3 This Guidance is not an exhaustive source of the FSRA’s policy on the exercise of its statutory powers and discretions. In discharging its regulatory mandate, the FSRA may impose additional, specific conditions to address other risks posed by the proposed activities of a Digital Investment Manager, above and beyond those in the Rulebook.

1.4 The FSRA is not bound by this Guidance and may modify the Guidance at its discretion where

appropriate.

1.5 Unless otherwise defined, or the context otherwise requires, capitalised terms in this Guidance

have the same meanings as defined in FSMR and the Glossary (“GLO”).

2. Objectives

2.1 For the purposes of this Guidance, digital investment management refers to the provision of investment management services using algorithm-based tools that require limited/optional human interaction between clients and the provider of digital investment management services. It does not include asset management or advisory activities that rely on algorithm-based tools solely for the purposes of back-office support services. The term, Digital Investment Manager, refers to the entity that provides digital investment management services.

2.2 The digitisation of the financial services industry has provided wealth managers with a cost- effective and scalable way of providing tailored investment management services to mass- affluent clients. These clients are generally comfortable with services delivered through digital channels, which also influences their preferences in engaging with service providers, including investment managers.

2.3 The wealth management industry has seen a steady rise in assets under the management of Digital Investment Managers that utilise algorithms to provide automated investment management services including suitability assessments, portfolio modelling and account re- balancing. The business models of Digital Investment Managers in the GCC region typically tend to fall within the following categories.

a. Fully digital model: little or no human interaction with clients, with the exception of

technical support services.

b. Hybrid model: clients have the option to interact with a human financial adviser to discuss

the automated digital investment advice generated by algorithm-based tools.

DIM VER01.020719

Supplementary Guidance – Authorisation for Digital Investment Management (“Robo-Advisory” Activities)

2.4 Additionally, a number of firms operating in the GCC region have developed digital investment management technology to white-label or sell to wealth management firms. Firms that operate solely as technology providers are not considered to be Digital Investment Managers and do not require an FSP.1

2.5 The scope of this Guidance covers Digital Investment Managers that may be fully digital or hybrid and that provide advice, discretionary investment management, arrange deals in investments, or any combination of these services.

2.6 While digital investment management models are scalable and offer greater access to investment management services, they also present different risks than those inherent in traditional investment management business models. The differences are most pronounced in the investment process, use of technology, compliance with suitability requirements and disclosure of key risks. In light of these considerations, this guidance clarifies how the FSRA applies regulatory safeguards to Digital Investment Managers in a manner that is commensurate with the risks they pose, both to clients and to the FSRA’s objectives.

3.

Permissions required for Digital Investment Management

3.1 This section of the Guidance outlines the permissions that may be required to conduct digital investment management in or from ADGM. It also describes the relief available to Digital Investment Managers whose business models meet conditions that serve to reduce the risks they pose.

Financial Services Permissions requirements

3.2 Digital Investment Managers operating in