 to time. At a minimum, the notification must be accompanied by reasonable detail of the event and (where the Prospectus has been amended or replaced) a copy of the new Prospectus.

6.6.4 Upon receiving such a notification as described in Rule 6.6.2, the Regulator shall without undue delay notify the relevant Host Regulator of such changes.

6.6.5 To the extent that a Fund Manager is already required to make a notification to the Regulator under the Fund Rules in relation to any matter, the provisions of this section do not require a further notification to be made.

7.

FEES

7.1 Notification Fees

7.1.1 This Section applies if the Regulator is the Home Regulator in relation to a

Passported Fund.

7.1.2 A Fund Manager or its duly appointed Agent or Licensed Person notifying the Regulator of its intention that a Fund be a Passported Fund must pay a notification fee to the Regulator at such time of notification and fee annually thereafter as prescribed by the Fees Rules.

7.1.3 For the purposes of calculation of fees under Rule 7.1.2, where the Passported Fund is an Umbrella Fund, including, without limitation, in the form of a segregated portfolio company or cell company, the prescribed fees must be paid for each Sub-Fund, segregated portfolio or cell, as the case may be, instead of the Umbrella Fund, segregated portfolio company or cell company.

9

FP VER01.110319

8.

DE-REGISTRATION OF PASSPORTED FUNDS

8.1 De-registration by Home Regulator

8.1.1 This Section applies if the Regulator is the Home Regulator of the Passported

Fund.

8.1.2 The Regulator may de-register a Passported Fund:

(a)

on its own initiative if either the Passported Fund or the Fund Manager is not complying, or is likely not to comply, with any applicable legislation, including these Rules, or in accordance with Rules 3.1.10 or 3.2.10;

(b)

at the written request of the Fund Manager;

(c)

upon the commencement of the winding-up of the Passported Fund; or

(d)

in respect of a specific Host Jurisdiction at the request of the Host Regulator of such Host Jurisdiction.

8.1.3 The Regulator will promptly update its Register of Passported Funds to reflect

any de-registration.

8.1.4 Any removal of a Passported Fund from the Register of Passported Funds by the Regulator will be promptly notified to the Fund Manager and each relevant Host Regulator.

8.1.5 The Fund Manager, its Agents and any other Licensed Person must immediately cease all Promotion of the relevant Passported Fund in a Host Jurisdiction in accordance with these Rules upon the earlier of its removal from the Host Jurisdiction’s Register of Passported Funds or the Register of Passported Funds maintained by the Regulator.

8.2 Notification of de-registration by Home Regulator

8.2.1 This Section applies if the Regulator is the Host Regulator in relation to a

Passported Fund.

8.2.2 If a Home Regulator informs the Regulator that a Passported Fund has been de-registered and removed from the Register of Passported Funds maintained by that Home Regulator, the Regulator will promptly update the Register of Passported Funds maintained by it to reflect such de-registration.

8.2.3 All Promotion of the Passported Fund in ADGM pursuant to these Rules must immediately cease upon its removal from the earlier of the relevant Home Jurisdiction’s Register of Passported Funds or the Register of Passported Funds maintained by the Regulator.

10

FP VER01.110319

9.

SUPERVISORY AND INVESTIGATORY POWERS

9.1 Requests for Assistance

9.1.1 This section applies if the Regulator is the Home Regulator in relation to a

Passported Fund.

9.1.2 The Regulator may request assistance from the Host Regulator to separately conduct an investigation relating to the Passported Fund in the Host Jurisdiction. Upon completion of an investigation, the Regulator will notify the relevant Host Regulator and provide it with a report of its findings, including any penalties imposed on the Fund Manager or any other Person in relation to the Passported Fund.

9.2