 (or the activities of its Agent or any other Licensed Person that is Promoting the Passported Fund) in ADGM continue to be materially prejudicial to either:

(a)

the Unitholders of the Passported Fund who are situated in ADGM; or

(b)

the financial stability or the integrity of ADGM,

the Regulator may request urgent discussions with the Home Regulator who has the supervision and enforcement responsibilities in respect of the Passported Fund.

9.5.3 If the urgent discussions referred to in Rule 9.5.2 fail to resolve the issues to the satisfaction of the Regulator within a period that is reasonable in the circumstances, then the Regulator may take all appropriate measures needed in order to protect the interests of Unitholders domiciled in ADGM or the financial stability and integrity of the ADGM market.

9.5.4 Subject to Rule 9.5.2, the Regulator may take any action that is necessary and

appropriate to enable it to further its objectives, including, but not limited to:

(a)

preventing the Fund Manager, its Agent or any other Licensed Person from further Promotion of the Passported Fund in ADGM, including de-

12

(b)

FP VER01.110319

registering the relevant Passported Fund from its Register of Passported Funds; and

imposing a penalty on the Fund Manager, its Agent or any other Licensed Person, of such amount as it considers appropriate under applicable ADGM legislation, following consultation with the Home Regulator.

13

FP VER01.110319

APP 1 PASSPORTED PUBLIC FUND MINIMUM CRITERIA

1.

The incorporation and other legal formalities relating to the formation of the Public Fund are completed.

2.

The Public Fund, if it is an investment trust, has a trustee which meets the requirements set out for acting as a trustee of a Public Fund in the Home Jurisdiction.

3.

The Fund Manager has appointed an auditor who complies with the relevant audit Rules in the Home Jurisdiction.

4.

The Prospectus is available in English.

5.

The Prospectus contains, at a minimum, the information prescribed in the following table.

1.

2.

Document Status

Description of the Fund

A statement that this document is the Prospectus of the Public Fund and is valid as at a particular date which shall be the date of the Prospectus. Information detailing:

(a)

the name of the Public Fund and the fact that it is a Public Fund Home in established Jurisdiction;

its

(b)

date of the the Public commencement of Fund's operations and, the if duration of the Public Fund is not unlimited, when it will or may terminate;

effective

(c)

the legal structure of the Public Fund;

(d)

the basis upon which persons are eligible to participate in the Public Fund and, where applicable, the minimum initial investment;

(e)

that the Unitholders are not liable for the debts of the Public Fund, unless the applicable legislation in its Home Jurisdiction prescribes otherwise and, if so, a statement

14

3.

Investment Objectives and Policy

FP VER01.110319

specifying the circumstances in which Unitholders may be so liable;

(f)

the base currency of the Public Fund and, where relevant, the maximum and minimum sizes of the Public Fund's capital;

(g)

the circumstances in which the Public Fund may be wound up; and

(h)

that no Units will be issued on the basis of the Prospectus after the the expiry date specified Prospectus.

in

Sufficient to enable a Unitholder or prospective Unitholder to ascertain:

information

(a)

the investment objectives of the Public Fund and its investment those for policy investment objectives;

achieving

(b)

the Public Fund’s policy and any operating restrictions in relation to the use of debt;

(c) a description of any restrictions in the assets in which investment may be made; and

(d)

the extent (if any) to which that investment not policy envisage remaining fully invested at all times.

does

If intended, whether the fund property may consist of Units in Funds which are managed by or operated by the Fund Manager or by one of its associates and a statement specifying:

(a)

the basis of the maximum amount of the of in transactions in the Fund invested in; and

charges

respect

15

4.

5.

The characteristics of Units in the Public Fund

The Fund Manager

