 a description of any restrictions in the assets in which investment may be made; and

(d)

the extent (if any) to which that investment not policy envisage remaining fully invested at all times.

does

If intended, whether the fund property may consist of Units in Funds which are managed by or operated by the Fund Manager or by one of its associates and a statement specifying:

(a)

the basis of the maximum amount of the of in transactions in the Fund invested in; and

charges

respect

15

4.

5.

The characteristics of Units in the Public Fund

The Fund Manager

FP VER01.110319

(b)

the extent to which any such charges will be reimbursed to the Public Fund. Information as to:

(a)

the names of the classes of Units of the Public Fund in issue or available for issue and the rights attached to them in so far as they vary from the rights attached to other classes of Units in the Public Fund;

(b) how Unitholders may exercise their voting rights and what they are; and

(c)

the a circumstances where mandatory redemption, cancellation or conversion of a Unit from one class to another may be required.

The following particulars of the Fund Manager:

(a)

its name, the jurisdiction in which the Fund Manager is incorporated and the date of such incorporation;

(b) confirmation that the Fund Manager has been authorized to Manage a Collective Investment Fund by its Home Regulator;

(c)

its address;

(d)

the names and brief biographies of the directors and other officers of the Fund Manager;

(e)

if it is a subsidiary, the name of its ultimate holding company and the country or territory in which that holding company is incorporated;

(f)

the amount of its issued share capital and how much of it is paid up; and

(g) a

the material provisions of the contract between

summary of

16

6.

Directors and other Officers

7.

Service Providers and Advisers

8.

The Auditor, Custodian and Trustee

9.

The Register of Unitholders

10. Payments out of the Fund Property

FP VER01.110319

the Public Fund and its Fund Manager which may be relevant to including provisions Unitholders, termination, to relating compensation on termination and indemnity.

If the Public Fund has directors or other officers, the names and brief biographies of the directors and other officers of the Public Fund. If a Fund Manager delegates any activities or outsources any functions to a Service Provider, or if an investment adviser is retained in connection with the business of the Public Fund:

(a)

its name;

(b)

the responsible Service Provider; and

identity of

the for supervising

regulator the

(c) details of the arrangements.

The name of the auditor, the name of the custodian and (if applicable) the name of the Trustee. Details of the address where the register of Unitholders is kept in the relevant Jurisdiction and can be inspected by Unitholders of the Public Fund. The payments that may be made out of the Fund Property to any person, whether by way of remuneration for services, or reimbursement of expenses. For each category of remuneration or expense, following should be specified in a manner which is clear, concise and understandable for Retail Clients where the Public Fund is to be offered:

the

(a)

the current rates or amounts of such remuneration;

(b) how

remuneration will be calculated and accrue and when it will be paid;

the

17

11. Dealing

FP VER01.110319

(c) how notice will be given

to Unitholders of the Fund Manager's intention to:

(i)

introduce a new category of remuneration for its services;

(ii)

increase current charge;

the basis of any

(iii) change

the treatment of a payment from the capital property; and

the basis of

(iv) particulars of that introduction or increase and when it will take place;

(d)

the types of any other charges and expenses that may be taken out of the Fund Property; and

(e)

if all or part of the remuneration or expenses are to be treated as a capital charge:

(i)

that fact; and

(ii) the basis of the charges which

may be so treated.

Details of:

(a)

the dealing days and times in the dealing day on which the Fund Manager will receive requests for the sale and redemption of Units;

