IGATORY POWERS

9.1 Requests for Assistance

9.1.1 This section applies if the Regulator is the Home Regulator in relation to a

Passported Fund.

9.1.2 The Regulator may request assistance from the Host Regulator to separately conduct an investigation relating to the Passported Fund in the Host Jurisdiction. Upon completion of an investigation, the Regulator will notify the relevant Host Regulator and provide it with a report of its findings, including any penalties imposed on the Fund Manager or any other Person in relation to the Passported Fund.

9.2

Inspections

9.2.1 This section applies if the Regulator is the Home Regulator in relation to a

Passported Fund.

9.2.2 Where the Regulator receives a request from a Host Regulator to carry out an on-site inspection in relation to a Passported Fund, the Regulator shall, subject to Rule 9.3.2, permit such inspection and accompany it during the on-site inspection.

9.2.3 Prior to the inspection, the Regulator shall receive the following from the Host

Regulator:

(a)

information on the purpose of such a request and the names of officials from the Host Regulator that will be involved; and

(b)

copies of public and non-public documents and information in the Host Regulator's possession that may assist in any inquiry and that may be reasonably relevant.

9.3 Circumstances in which the Regulator may decline to act

9.3.1 This section applies if the Regulator is the Home Regulator in relation to a

Passported Fund.

9.3.2 The Regulator may refuse to act on a request by a Host Regulator for cooperation in relation to an inspection in the following circumstances:

(a)

the Regulator has already commenced, or concluded, enforcement action in respect of the same conduct and the same Persons; or

(b)

judicial proceedings have already been initiated, or concluded, in respect of the same conduct and the same Persons.

9.4 Exercise of the Regulator's powers in relation to Passported Funds

9.4.1 This Section applies if ADGM is the Home Jurisdiction or Host Jurisdiction in

relation to the Promotion of a Passported Fund.

11

FP VER01.110319

9.4.2 The Regulator's powers may be exercised at the request of, or for the purpose

of assisting, another Authority in relation to a Passported Fund.

9.4.3 If a request to exercise the powers of the Regulator has been submitted to the Regulator to exercise its powers under these Rules, the Regulator must, in deciding whether or not to exercise those powers in response to the request, consider whether it is necessary and permitted under applicable law to do so.

9.4.4 In deciding whether or not to exercise its powers, the Regulator may take into

account factors including, but not limited to, the following:

(a)

whether the case concerns the breach of a law, or other requirements, in ADGM;

(b)

the seriousness of the case and its importance in the public interest to give the assistance sought; and

(c)

whether it would further one or more of the Regulator's statutory objectives.

9.4.5 Nothing in this section limits any other powers that the Regulator may exercise

at the request of, or for the purpose of assisting, another Authority.

9.5 Exercise of the Host Regulator’s powers in relation to Passported Funds

9.5.1 This Section applies if the Regulator is the Host Regulator in relation to a

Passported Fund.

9.5.2 If, despite the measures (if any) taken by a Home Regulator in relation to a Passported Fund, a Fund Manager's activities (or the activities of its Agent or any other Licensed Person that is Promoting the Passported Fund) in ADGM continue to be materially prejudicial to either:

(a)

the Unitholders of the Passported Fund who are situated in ADGM; or

(b)

the financial stability or the integrity of ADGM,

the Regulator may request urgent discussions with the Home Regulator who has the supervision and enforcement responsibilities in respect of the Passported Fund.

9.5.3 If the urgent discussions referred to in Rule 9.5.2 fail to resolve the issues to the satisfaction of