DS

2.1 Passported Funds

2.1.1 A Domestic Fund that is registered as a Passported Fund in accordance with

these Rules must be either a Public Fund or a Private Fund.

2.1.2 If a Passported Fund is a Private Fund, the Fund Manager, its Agent and any other Licensed Person may Promote the Units in the Fund only by way of private placement to Professional Clients and if the initial subscription is not less than $50,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) or such larger initial subscription amount as may be called for in accordance with the legislation applicable in the Home Jurisdiction of the Passported Fund.

2.1.3 If a Passported Fund is a Public Fund, the Fund Manager, its Agent and any other Licensed Person may Promote Units in the Fund to Retail Clients and Professional Clients.

3.

PROMOTION OF PASSPORTED FUNDS

3.1 Passported Funds - Notification for Private Funds

3.1.1 This Section applies if the Regulator is the Home Regulator of a Private Fund.

1

FP VER01.110319

3.1.2 If the Fund Manager of a Private Fund wishes to use the passporting procedures under these Rules, it must notify the Regulator of its intention that the Private Fund be a Passported Fund.

3.1.3 The notice must:

(a)

be in such form as the Regulator may from time to time determine;

(b)

identify the Host Jurisdiction(s) in which the Private Fund will be Promoted;

(c)

identify the Agents or Licensed Persons (if any) that will conduct the Promotion of the Private Fund;

(d)

include a copy of the Prospectus containing a disclaimer to the following effect:

“No regulatory authority in the UAE has any responsibility for reviewing or verifying this prospectus or any other documents in connection with the promotion of this fund. Accordingly, no regulatory authority in the UAE has approved this prospectus or any other associated documents, nor taken any steps to verify the information set out herein, and therefore no regulatory authority in the UAE has any responsibility for the same. This Passported Fund is a Private Fund and, accordingly, the units thereof may only be promoted to Professional Clients in [insert relevant Host Jurisdictions] by means of private placement."

(e)

include the relevant fee; and

(f)

contain, and be accompanied by, such other information as the Regulator may reasonably require.

3.1.4 The Regulator shall:

(a) Within five Business Days of receipt of the notice set out in Rule 3.1.2, and subject to Rule 3.1.5, provide notice of the intent to use the passporting procedures under these Rules to the Host Regulator(s) in the relevant Host Jurisdiction(s) where the Passported Fund is intended to be Promoted; and

(b)

promptly following confirmation from the relevant Host Regulator(s) that its respective Register of Passported Funds has been updated to include the details of the Passported Fund:

(i)

publish the details of the Passported Fund on the Register of Passported Funds; and

(ii)

notify the Fund Manager that registration on the Register of Passported Funds is complete.

2

FP VER01.110319

3.1.5 The Regulator shall not transmit a notice under Rule 3.1.4(a):

(a)

if it considers that the Fund Manager or the Private Fund does not comply with, or it has reasonable grounds for determining that the Fund Manager or the Private Fund may in the future not comply with, applicable legislation including these Rules; or

(b)

if it considers that it is necessary and appropriate to refrain from doing so in order to further one or more of its objectives.

3.1.6 The Regulator shall immediately notify the Fund Manager of its decision not to

transmit a notice in accordance with Rule 3.1.5.

3.1.7 On and following the earlier of:

(a)

the Passported Fund appearing on the Register of Passported Funds of the relevant Host Jurisdiction(s) referred to in Rule3.1.3(b); or

(b)

the Fund Manager being notified that registration on the Register of Passported Funds is complete in accordance with Rule 3.1.4(b)(ii),

the Passported Fund may, subject to these Rules, be Promoted to Qualified Investors in the Host Jurisdiction