1.2 Promptly following receipt by the Regulator of a transmission from a Home Regulator to the effect that a Private Fund or Public Fund domiciled or registered in that jurisdiction is a Passported Fund, the Regulator will update its Register of Passported Funds to include details of that Passported Fund. The Regulator will notify the relevant Home Regulator once the Register of Passported Funds has been updated.

4.1.3 As soon as that Register of Passported Funds has been updated pursuant to Rule 4.1.2, the Passported Fund may, in accordance with applicable legislation, including these Rules, be Promoted in ADGM:

(a)

where the Passported Fund is a Private Fund, to Professional Clients in ADGM; and

(b)

where the Passported Fund is a Public Fund, to any Persons in ADGM.

5.

REGISTER OF PASSPORTED FUNDS

5.1 Register of Passported Funds

5.1.1 This Part applies if ADGM is the Home Jurisdiction or Host Jurisdiction of a

Passported Fund.

5.1.2 The Regulator must at all times establish and maintain a Register of Passported

Funds.

5.1.3 The Register of Passported Funds must include the prescribed details of:

(a)

each Passported Fund accepted for registration by the Regulator as Home Regulator, and

(b)

each Passported Fund notified to the Regulator as Host Regulator by another Authority.

5.1.4 The Register of Passported Funds must include at a minimum the following

information in relation to each Passported Fund appearing on it:

(a)

the name and registered office of the Passported Fund;

(b)

the name and registered office of the Fund Manager of the Passported Fund;

6

FP VER01.110319

(c)

the name(s) of the Agent(s) and Licensed Persons (if any) Promoting the Passported Fund;

(d)

in relation to a Passported Fund domiciled in ADGM, the fact that the Fund Manager is authorised by the Regulator and, in relation to a Passported Fund domiciled in another jurisdiction, the identity of the Authority that regulates the Fund Manager in that jurisdiction;

(e)

whether the Passported Fund is a Private Fund or a Public Fund; and

(f)

the date of registration of the Passported Fund on the Register of Passported Funds.

5.1.5 At the request of another Authority, the Regulator shall, as soon as practicable,

make its Register of Passported Funds available to that Authority.

6.

MANAGEMENT AND OPERATION OF A PASSPORTED FUND

6.1 Compliance with Constitution

6.1.1 This Section applies if ADGM is the Home Jurisdiction of a Passported Fund.

6.1.2 The Fund Manager of a Passported Fund must:

(a)

ensure that the Passported Fund is at all times managed and operated in compliance with its constitution, in accordance with applicable ADGM legislation, and with these Rules; and

(b) maintain, or cause to be maintained, a Unitholder register for the

Passported Fund.

6.2 Ongoing Appointment of Fund Manager

6.2.1 This Section applies if ADGM is the Home Jurisdiction or the Host Jurisdiction

of a Passported Fund.

6.2.2 A Passported Fund must at all times have appointed a Fund Manager that is authorised by its Home Regulator to conduct the activity of fund management in its Home Jurisdiction.

6.3 Promotion by Fund Managers, Agents and Licensed Persons

6.3.1 This Section applies if ADGM is the Host Jurisdiction of a Passported Fund.

6.3.2 The Fund Manager, its Agent and any other Licensed Person, established or domiciled in the Home Jurisdiction, may Promote a Passported Fund in ADGM without the need for further authorisation or approval by the Regulator, provided that such Promotion activities are limited to the Passported Fund and ADGM is nominated as a Host Jurisdiction on the relevant Registers of Passported Funds maintained by the Regulator and the Authority of the Home Jurisdiction of the Passported Fund.

7

FP VER01.110319

6.3.3 In performing any activities in connection with the Promotion of a Passported Fund in ADGM, the Fund Manager, its Agent and any other Licensed Person must comply at all times with