 further use" in section 31(2) means that:

(a)

a Controller and a relevant Processor is unable to use the Personal Data to inform any decision with respect of the Data Subject or in a manner that affects the Data Subject in any way, other than where such Personal Data needs to be cross-checked by automated means solely in order to prevent further Processing of Personal Data related to the Data Subject;

(b)

no party has access to the Personal Data other than the Controller and any relevant Processor;

(c)

Personal Data is protected by appropriate technical and organisational security measures that are equivalent to those afforded to live Personal Data; and

(d)

a Controller and any relevant Processor have in place and must comply with a strategy for the permanent deletion, anonymisation, pseudonymisation or secure encryption of the Personal Data, complies and can demonstrate compliance with such policy.

(4) Notwithstanding section 31(1), a Controller and any relevant Processor is not required to securely and permanently delete, anonymise, pseudonymise or encrypt Personal Data or put it beyond further use, where such Personal Data:

(a)

is necessary for the establishment or defence of legal claims or must be retained for compliance with Applicable Law; or

(b)

is being used in scientific research activity conducted in the public interest or in the interests of the ADGM in accordance with all Applicable Laws, in a manner that does not present risks to the rights of Data Subjects; or

(c)

is part of a dataset used to lawfully train or refine an artificial intelligence system in a manner that does not present risks to a Data Subject’s rights.

(5) A Controller or Processor seeking to rely on sections 31(4)(b) or 31(4)(c) must conduct a data protection impact assessment in accordance with section 34 before doing so. Any

30

Processing of Personal Data in accordance with section 31(4) must be limited to the extent necessary for such purposes.

(6) A Controller or Processor must have a policy and process for managing Personal Data that is subject to section 31(4) when the grounds for retention no longer apply, and must securely and permanently delete, anonymise, pseudonymise, encrypt Personal Data or to put it beyond further use when such grounds no longer apply.

32. Notification of a Personal Data Breach to the Commissioner of Data Protection

(1)

In the case of a Personal Data Breach, the Controller must without undue delay and, where feasible, not later than 72 hours after having become aware of it, notify the Personal Data Breach to the Commissioner of Data Protection, unless the Personal Data Breach is unlikely to result in a risk to the rights of natural persons. Where the notification to the Commissioner of Data Protection is not made within 72 hours, it must be accompanied by reasons for the delay.

(2) The Processor must notify the Controller without undue delay after becoming aware of

a Personal Data Breach.

(3) The notification referred to in sections 32(1) and 32(2) must:

(a)

describe the nature of the Personal Data Breach, including where possible, the categories and approximate number of Data Subjects concerned, and the categories and approximate number of Personal Data records concerned;

(b)

communicate the name and contact details of the Data Protection Officer or other contact point where more information can be obtained;

(c)

describe the likely consequences of the Personal Data Breach; and

(d)

describe the measures taken or proposed to be taken by the Controller to address the Personal Data Breach, including, where appropriate, measures to mitigate its possible adverse effects.

(4) Where it is not possible to provide the information referred to in section 32(3) at the same time, the information may be provided in phases without undue further delay.

(5) The Controller must document any Personal Data Breaches, comprising the facts relating to the Personal Data Breach, its effects and the remedial action taken. The documentation must enable the Commissioner of Data Protection to verify compliance with this section.

33. Communication of a Personal Data Breach to the Data Subject

(1) When the Personal Data Breach is likely to result in a high risk to the rights of natural persons, the Controller must communicate the Personal Data Breach to the Data Subject without undue delay.

(2) The communication to the Data Subject referred to in section 33(1) must describe in clear