) The Controller must facilitate the exercise of Data Subject rights under sections 13 to 20. In the cases referred to in section 8(3), the Controller must not refuse to act on the request of the Data Subject to exercise their rights under sections 13 to 20, unless the Controller demonstrates that it is not in a position to identify the Data Subject.

(3) Subject to section 10(4), the Controller must provide information on action taken on a request under sections 13 to 20 to the Data Subject without undue delay and in any event within two months of receipt of the request. Where the Data Subject makes the request by means of an electronic form, the information may be provided by electronic means where possible, unless otherwise requested by the Data Subject.

(4) The period referred to in section 10(3) may be extended by one month, where necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of the requests including any related requests received by the Controller whether or not from the same Data Subject. The Controller must inform the Data Subject of any such extension within two months of receipt of the request, together with the reasons for the delay.

(5)

If the Controller does not take action on the request of the Data Subject, the Controller must inform the Data Subject without delay and at the latest within two months of receipt of the request of:

(a)

the reasons for not taking action; and

(b)

their right to lodge a complaint with the Commissioner of Data Protection and the possibility of seeking a judicial remedy.

(6)

Information provided under sections 11 and 12 and any communication and any actions taken under sections 13 to 20 and section 33 must be provided free of charge. Where requests from a Data Subject are unreasonable or excessive, in particular because of their repetitive character, the Controller may either:

(a)

charge a reasonable fee taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the action requested; or

(b)

refuse to act on the request.

13

The Controller bears the burden of demonstrating the unreasonable or excessive character of the request.

(7) Without limiting section 8, where the Controller has reasonable doubts concerning the identity of the natural person making the request referred to in sections 13 to 19, the Controller may request the provision of additional information necessary to confirm the identity of the Data Subject. In such cases, the time period for complying with the Data Subject request does not begin until the Controller has received information or evidence sufficient to reasonably identify that the individual making the request is the Data Subject.

(8) Public authorities to which Personal Data is disclosed for the exercise of their official mission, such as tax and customs authorities, financial investigation units, independent administrative authorities or financial market authorities responsible for the regulation and supervision of securities markets should not be regarded as Recipients (or categories of Recipients) for the purposes of sections 11, 12, 13, 17, 28 and 50 if they receive Personal Data which is necessary to carry out an inquiry in accordance with Applicable Law.

11.

Information to be provided where Personal Data is collected from the Data Subject

(1) Where Personal Data relating to a Data Subject is collected from the Data Subject, the Controller must, at the time when Personal Data is obtained, provide the Data Subject with all of the following information:

(a)

the identity and the contact details of the Controller;

(b)

the contact details of the Data Protection Officer, where applicable;

(c)

the purposes of the Processing for which the Personal Data is intended as well as the legal basis for the Processing;

(d)

where the Processing is based on section 5(1)(f), the legitimate interests pursued by the Controller or by a Third Party;

(e)

the Recipients or categories of Recipients of the Personal Data, if any; and

(f)

where applicable, the fact that the Controller intends to transfer Personal Data to a Recipient outside of ADGM or to an International Organisation and:

(i)

the existence or absence of an adequacy decision by the Commissioner of Data Protection; or

(ii)

in the case of transfers referred to in sections 42, 43, or section 44(1)(b), reference to the appropriate or suitable safeguards and the means by which to obtain a copy of them or where they have been made available.

(2)

In addition to the information referred to in section 11(1), the Controller must