 Data Protection, where appropriate, with regard to any other matter.

(2) The Data Protection Officer must in the performance of their tasks have due regard to the risk associated with Processing operations, taking into account the nature, scope, context and purposes of Processing.

34

38. Codes of conduct

(1) The Commissioner of Data Protection may approve codes of conduct prepared by associations and other bodies representing categories of Controllers or Processors and intended to contribute to the proper application of these Regulations, if it finds that they provide appropriate safeguards.

(2) The Commissioner of Data Protection must make available to the public a register of all

codes of conduct that have been approved in accordance with section 38(1).

(3) Adherence to an approved code of conduct may be used as an element by which to:

(a)

demonstrate compliance with the obligations of the Controller in accordance with section 22;

(b)

demonstrate sufficient guarantees as referred to in sections 26(1) and 26(5);

(c)

demonstrate compliance with the requirements set out in section 30(1); and

(d)

assess the impact of the Processing operations performed by Controllers or Processors, in particular for the purposes of a Data Protection Impact Assessment in accordance with section 34.

39. Certification

(1) The Commissioner of Data Protection may approve data protection certification mechanisms and data protection seals and marks, for the purpose of demonstrating compliance with these Regulations of Processing operations by Controllers and Processors.

(2) The Commissioner of Data Protection must take into account the specific needs of micro, small and medium-sized Establishments when approving certification schemes under section 39(1).

(3) The certification must be voluntary and available via a process that is transparent.

(4) The Commissioner of Data Protection must collate all certification mechanisms and data protection seals and marks in a register and must make them publicly available by any appropriate means.

(5) Adherence to an approved certification mechanism may be used as an element by which

to demonstrate (among other things):

(a)

compliance with the obligations of the Controller in accordance with section 22;

(b)

the requirements set out in section 23;

(c)

sufficient guarantees as referred to in sections 26(1) and 26(5); and

(d)

compliance with the requirements set out in section 30(1).

35

PART V Transfers of Personal Data outside of ADGM or to International Organisations

40. General principle for transfers

(1) All provisions in this Part must be applied to ensure that the high level of protection of

Personal Data guaranteed by these Regulations is not undermined.

(2) Any transfer of Personal Data that is undergoing Processing or is intended for Processing after transfer to a jurisdiction outside of ADGM or to an International Organisation can only take place if, subject to the other provisions of these Regulations, the conditions in this Part are complied with by the Controller and Processor, including for further onward transfers of Personal Data.

41. Transfers on the basis of an adequacy decision

(1) A transfer of Personal Data outside of ADGM or to an International Organisation may take place where the Commissioner of Data Protection has decided that the receiving jurisdiction, one or more specified sectors within that jurisdiction, or the International Organisation in question ensures an adequate level of protection of Personal Data. Such a transfer will not require any specific authorisation.

(2) When assessing the adequacy of the level of protection of Personal Data, the Commissioner of Data Protection must, in particular, take account of the following elements:

(a)

the rule of law, respect for individuals’ rights, relevant legislation, both general and sectoral, including concerning public security, defence, national security and criminal law and the access of public authorities to Personal Data, as well as the implementation of such legislation, data protection rules, professional rules and security measures, including rules for the onward transfer of Personal Data to another jurisdiction, sector or International Organisation which are complied with in that jurisdiction, sector or International Organisation, case-law, as well as effective and enforceable Data Subject rights and effective administrative and judicial redress for the Data Subjects whose Personal Data is being transferred;

(b)

the existence and effective functioning of one or more independent supervisory authorities in the receiving jurisdiction or sector or to which an International Organisation is subject, with responsibility for ensuring and enforcing compliance with adequate data protection rules described in section 41(2)(a),