 (‘data protection by design’); and

(b)

only the Processing of Personal Data that is necessary for each specific purpose of the Processing is Processed (‘data protection by default’).

24. Data Protection Fee2

(1) A Controller must, before, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, it starts Processing

Personal Data under these Regulations:

(a)

pay a Data Protection Fee to the Commissioner of Data Protection in respect of the twelve months from the date it commenced Processing Personal Data under these Regulations; and

(b)

notify the Commissioner of Data Protection of:

(i)

its name and address (which, in the case of a registered company, will be its registered office); and

(ii)

the date it commenced Processing Personal Data under these Regulations.

(2) Each year, within one month of the expiry of the anniversary on which it commenced Processing Personal Data under these Regulations, the Controller must pay a Renewal

2 Amended on 26 July 2022

25

Fee in the amount specified by rules made by the Board to the Commissioner of Data Protection.

25. Joint Controllers

(1) Where two or more Controllers jointly determine the purposes and means of Processing, they are joint Controllers. They must determine their respective responsibilities for compliance with the obligations under these Regulations in a transparent manner, in particular as regards the exercising of the rights of the Data Subject and their respective duties to provide the information referred to in sections 11 and 12, by means of an arrangement between them unless the respective responsibilities of the Controllers are determined by Applicable Law. The arrangement may designate a contact point for Data Subjects.

(2) The arrangement referred to in section 25(1) must set out the respective roles and relationships of the joint Controllers with respect to the Data Subjects. The essence of the arrangement must be made available to the Data Subject.

(3)

Irrespective of the terms of the arrangement referred to in section 25(1), the Data Subject may exercise his or her rights under these Regulations in respect of and against each of the Controllers.

26. Processor

(1) Where Processing is to be carried out on behalf of a Controller, the Controller must use only Processors providing sufficient guarantees to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures in such a manner that Processing will meet the requirements of these Regulations and ensure the protection of the rights of the Data Subject.

(2) The Processor must not engage another Processor without prior specific or general written authorisation of the Controller. In the case of general written authorisation, the Processor must inform the Controller of any intended changes concerning the addition or replacement of other Processors, thereby giving the Controller the opportunity to object to such changes.

(3) Processing by a Processor must be governed by a contract or other legal act under Applicable Law, that is binding on the Processor with regard to the Controller and that sets out the subject-matter and duration of the Processing, the nature and purpose of the Processing, the type of Personal Data and categories of Data Subjects and the obligations and rights of the Controller. That contract or other legal act must stipulate, in particular, that the Processor:

(a)

Processes the Personal Data only on documented instructions from the Controller, including with regard to transfers of Personal Data outside of ADGM or to an International Organisation, unless required to do so by Applicable Law to which the Processor is subject; in such a case, the Processor must inform the Controller of that legal requirement before Processing, unless that law prohibits such information on important grounds of public interest;

26

(b)

ensures that persons authorised to Process the Personal Data have committed themselves to confidentiality or are under an appropriate obligation of confidentiality under Applicable Law;

(c)

takes all measures required pursuant to section 30;

(d)

respects the conditions referred to in sections 26(2) and 26(5) for engaging another Processor;

(e)

taking into account the nature of the Processing, assists the Controller by appropriate technical and organisational measures, insofar as this is possible, for the fulfilment of the Controller's obligation to respond to requests for exercising the Data Subject's rights in Part III;

(f)

assists the Controller in ensuring compliance with the obligations pursuant to sections 30 to 34 taking into account the nature of Processing and the information available to the Processor;

(g)

at the choice of the Controller, deletes or returns all the Personal Data to the Controller after the end of the provision of services