 document any Personal Data Breaches, comprising the facts relating to the Personal Data Breach, its effects and the remedial action taken. The documentation must enable the Commissioner of Data Protection to verify compliance with this section.

33. Communication of a Personal Data Breach to the Data Subject

(1) When the Personal Data Breach is likely to result in a high risk to the rights of natural persons, the Controller must communicate the Personal Data Breach to the Data Subject without undue delay.

(2) The communication to the Data Subject referred to in section 33(1) must describe in clear and plain language the nature of the Personal Data Breach and contain at least the information and measures referred to in sections 32(3)(b), 32(3)(c) and 32(3)(d). The communication must where practical make recommendations for the natural person

31

concerned to mitigate potential adverse effects and contain sufficient detail to allow him or her to take the necessary precautions.

(3) The communication to the Data Subject referred to in section 33(1) is not required if any

of the following conditions are met:

(a)

the Controller has implemented appropriate technical and organisational protection measures, and those measures were applied to the Personal Data affected by the Personal Data Breach, in particular those that render the Personal Data unintelligible to any person who is not authorised to access it, such as encryption;

(b)

the Controller has taken subsequent measures which ensure that the high risk to the rights of Data Subjects referred to in section 33(1) is no longer likely to materialise; or

(c)

it would involve disproportionate effort (having regard to the number of Data Subjects, the age of the data and any appropriate safeguards adopted). In such a case, there must instead be a public communication or similar measure whereby the Data Subjects are informed in an equally effective manner.

(4)

If the Controller has not already communicated the Personal Data Breach to the Data Subject, the Commissioner of Data Protection, having considered the likelihood of the Personal Data Breach resulting in a high risk, may require it to do so or may decide that any of the conditions referred to in section 33(3) are met.

34. Data Protection Impact Assessment

(1) The Controller must, prior to Processing that is likely to result in a high risk to the rights of natural persons, carry out an assessment of the impact of the envisaged Processing operations on the protection of Personal Data (a ‘Data Protection Impact Assessment’).

(2) A single Data Protection Impact Assessment may address a set of similar Processing operations that present similar high risks. The outcome of the Data Protection Impact Assessment should be taken into account when determining the appropriate measures to be taken in order to demonstrate that the Processing of Personal Data complies with these Regulations.

(3) The Controller must seek the advice of the Data Protection Officer, where designated,

when carrying out a Data Protection Impact Assessment.

(4) The Commissioner of Data Protection must publish a list of the kind of Processing operations which are subject to the requirement for a Data Protection Impact Assessment pursuant to section 34(1) and may review this list from time to time.

(5) The Data Protection Impact Assessment must:

(a)

describe the nature, scope, context and purpose of the Processing;

(b)

assess necessity, proportionality and compliance measures;

(c)

identify and assess risks to individuals; and

32

(d)

identify any additional measures to mitigate the risks identified.

(6) Where necessary, the Controller must carry out a review to assess if Processing is performed in accordance with the Data Protection Impact Assessment including when there is a change of the risk represented by Processing operations.

(7) The Controller must notify the Commissioner of Data Protection prior to carrying out any Processing where a Data Protection Impact Assessment indicates that the Processing would be likely to result in a high risk to the rights of natural persons. The notification must contain information in section 34(5).

35. Designation of the Data Protection Officer3

(1) The Controller and the Processor must appoint a person to perform the tasks listed in

section 37 (a ‘Data Protection Officer’) where:

(a)

the Processing is carried out by a public authority, except for courts acting in their judicial capacity;

(b)

the core activities of the Controller or the Processor consist of Processing operations which, by virtue of their nature, scope and purposes, require regular and