 that would not promote that purpose or object.

(2) Subject to subsection (4), in the interpretation of a provision of an enactment, if any material not forming part of the enactment is capable of assisting in the ascertainment of the meaning of the provision, consideration may be given to that material –

8

(a)

to confirm that the meaning of the provision is the ordinary meaning conveyed by the text of the provision taking into account its context in the enactment and the purpose or object underlying the enactment; or

(b)

to ascertain the meaning of the provision when -

(i)

the provision is ambiguous or obscure; or

(ii)

the ordinary meaning conveyed by the text of the provision taking into account its context in the enactment and the purpose or object underlying the enactment leads to a result that is manifestly absurd or unreasonable.

(3) Without limiting the generality of subsection (2), the material that may be considered in accordance with that subsection in the interpretation of a provision of an enactment shall include -

(a) any explanatory statement or guidance relating to the enactment issued by the

Board;

(b) any treaty or other international agreement that is referred to in the enactment;

and

(c)

any document that is declared by the enactment to be a relevant document for the purposes of this section.

(4)

In determining whether consideration should be given to any material in accordance with subsection (2), or in determining the weight to be given to any such material, regard shall be had, in addition to any other relevant matters, to -

(a)

the desirability of persons being able to rely on the ordinary meaning conveyed by the text of the provision taking into account its context in the enactment and the purpose or object underlying the enactment; and

(b)

the need to avoid prolonging legal or other proceedings without compensating advantage.

12. Time of commencement of ADGM regulations

(1) ADGM regulations or a provision in ADGM regulations shall come into operation -

(a) where a particular day for their coming into operation is specified by or under those

regulations, on the expiration of the previous day; or

(b) where the day of their coming into operation is the date of their publication, on the

expiration of the day on which the regulations are published.

(2) Where ADGM regulations are to come into operation on a day specified by any subordinate legislation, the subordinate legislation may specify different days for different provisions of the regulations to come into operation.

13. Effect of repeal of an enactment on subordinate legislation made thereunder

Where any enactment or part of an enactment is repealed, subordinate legislation issued under or made in virtue thereof shall remain in force so far as it is not inconsistent with the

9

repealing enactment and unless the contrary intention appears until it has been revoked or replaced by subordinate legislation issued or made under the provisions of the repealing enactment.

14. Repeal of repealing enactments

Where any enactment repealing in whole or in part any former enactment is itself repealed, the last repeal shall not revive the enactment or the provisions previously repealed, unless words be added reviving that enactment or those provisions.

15. Repeal of amended enactment to include amendments

Where any enactment which has been amended by any other enactment is itself repealed, such repeal shall be deemed to include the repeal of all enactments or parts of enactments by which the first-mentioned enactment has been amended.

16. Repeal and substitution

Where an enactment repeals wholly or in part any former enactment and substitutes other provision therefor, the repealed enactment shall remain in force until the substituted provision comes into operation.

17. References to amended and re-enacted provisions

(1) Where in any enactment a reference is made to another enactment, the reference shall, except where the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to the last-mentioned enactment as the same may from time to time be amended.

(2) Where any enactment repeals and re-enacts, with or without modification, any provision

of a former enactment, then, unless the contrary intention appears -

(a) any reference in any other enactment to the provision so repealed shall be

construed as a reference to the provision so re-enacted;

(b)

in so far as any subordinate legislation made or other thing done under the provision so repealed, or having effect as if so made or done, could have been made or done under the provision so re-enacted, it shall have effect