 the prescribed postgraduate medical qualifications.

(5) The Board may, for the purposes of all laws or any specified enactment or subordinate

legislation, make rules prescribing -

(a)

the criteria for determining the total and irreversible cessation of all functions of the brain of a person referred to in subsections (1)(b) and (3); and

(b)

the postgraduate medical qualifications and form of the death certificate for the purposes of subsection (4).

(6) Nothing in this section shall -

(a) affect the operation of any other enactment or subordinate legislation relating to

the presumption of death;

(b) prevent the certification or determination of death in a case where the body of a

person is not found or recovered.

(7)

In this section, "medical practitioner" means an individual who is licensed to practise medicine in the Abu Dhabi Global Market or in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi.

PART 2

GENERAL PROVISIONS REGARDING ENACTMENTS

3.

Enactments to be public enactments

All enactments shall be public enactments, and shall be judicially noticed as such unless the contrary is expressly provided by the enactment.

4.

Enactments to be divided into sections without introductory words

All enactments shall be divided into sections, if there be more enactments than one, which sections shall be deemed to be substantive enactments without any introductory words.

5.

Schedules

Every Schedule to an enactment shall, together with any note thereto, be construed and have effect as part of the enactment.

6.

Subdivisions of enactments

7

When an enactment is divided into Parts, Chapters, titles or other subdivisions, the fact and particulars of such division shall, with or without express mention thereof in the enactment, be taken notice of in all courts and for all purposes whatsoever.

7.

Forms

Except as is otherwise expressly provided, whenever forms are prescribed, slight deviations therefrom, not affecting the substance or calculated to mislead, shall not invalidate them.

8.

Examples and illustrations

Where an enactment includes an example or illustration of the operation of a provision -

(a)

the example or illustration shall not be taken to be exhaustive; and

(b)

if the example or illustration is inconsistent with the provision, the provision prevails.

9. Mode of citing enactments

(1) Where any enactment is referred to, it shall be sufficient for all purposes to cite the

enactment by the short title, if any, by which it is made citable.

(2) Any such citation of an enactment shall, unless the contrary intention appears, be construed as a reference to the enactment as amended from time to time by any other enactment.

10. Construction in an enactment of references to sections, etc.

(1) Where in any enactment there is a reference to a section, Part, Chapter, Schedule or other division of the enactment by number or letter only, and not in conjunction with the title or number of an enactment, the reference shall be construed as a reference to the section, Part, Chapter, Schedule or other division of that number or letter contained in the enactment in which the reference occurs.

(2) Where in any section or other division of an enactment there is a reference to a subsection, paragraph or sub-paragraph by number or letter only, the reference shall be construed as a reference to the subsection, paragraph or sub-paragraph of that number or letter contained in the section or other division in which the reference occurs.

(3) This section shall apply, with suitable modification, to subordinate legislation.

11. Purposive interpretation of enactments and use of extrinsic materials

(1)

In the interpretation of a provision of an enactment, an interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the enactment (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated in the enactment or not) shall be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that purpose or object.

(2) Subject to subsection (4), in the interpretation of a provision of an enactment, if any material not forming part of the enactment is capable of assisting in the ascertainment of the meaning of the provision, consideration may be given to that material –

8

(a)

to confirm that the meaning of the provision is the ordinary meaning conveyed by the text of the provision taking into account its context in the enactment and the purpose or object underlying the enactment; or

(b)

to ascertain the meaning of the provision when -

(i)

the provision is ambiguous or