 instrument, warrant or process of any kind made or issued by any public officer or body or person having authority under any enactment to make or to issue the same to any public officer by the term designating his office, such public officer shall include the officer for the time being executing the duties of that office or any portion of those duties.

35. Appointments having retrospective effect

Any appointment may be declared to have effect as from the date upon which the appointee commenced to exercise the powers and discharge the duties of his appointment, not being a date earlier than the date of the commencement of the enactment under which the appointment is made.

PART 5

MISCELLANEOUS

36. Service of documents

(1) Where an enactment authorises or requires a document to be served on a person, whether the expression "serve", "give" or "send" or any other expression is used, then, unless the contrary intention appears or unless contrary provision is made by the enactment, the document may be served -

(a)

in the case of an individual -

(i)

by delivering it to the individual personally; or

(ii)

by leaving it at, or by sending it by pre-paid post to, the usual or last known address of the place of residence or business of the individual;

(b)

in the case of a partnership -

(i)

by delivering it to the secretary or other like officer of the partnership; or

(ii)

by leaving it at, or by sending it by pre-paid post to, the principal or last known place of business of the partnership in the Abu Dhabi Global Market;

(c)

in the case of a body corporate -

(i)

by delivering it to the secretary or other like officer of the body corporate; or

(ii)

by leaving it at, or by sending it by pre-paid post to, the registered office or a principal office of the body corporate in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(2) Nothing in subsection (1) –

15

(a) affects the operation of any enactment that authorises the service of a document

otherwise than as provided in that subsection; or

(b) affects the power of a court to authorise service of a document otherwise than as

provided in that subsection.

37. Measurement of distance

In the measurement of any distance for the purposes of any enactment, that distance shall, unless the contrary intention appears, be measured in a straight line on a horizontal plane.

38. Computation of time

In computing time for the purposes of any enactment, unless the contrary intention appears -

(a) a period of days from the happening of an event or the doing of any act or thing shall be deemed to be exclusive of the day on which the event happens or the act or thing is done;

(b)

if the last day of the period is a Saturday, Sunday4 or a public holiday (which days are referred to in this section as excluded days) the period shall include the next following day not being an excluded day;

(c) when any act or proceeding is directed or allowed to be done or taken on a certain day, then, if that day happens to be an excluded day, the act or proceeding shall be considered as done or taken in due time if it is done or taken on the next day afterwards, not being an excluded day;

(d) when any act or proceeding is directed or allowed to be done or taken within any time not exceeding 6 days, excluded days shall not be reckoned in the computation of the time.

39. Standard time

(1) Where any expression of time occurs in any enactment or in any instrument whatsoever and whenever the doing or not doing anything at a certain time of the day or night or during a certain part of the day or night has an effect in law, that time shall, unless it is otherwise specifically stated, be held to be standard time as declared by this section.

(2)

"Standard time" means standard time as used in Abu Dhabi, namely 4 hours in advance of Coordinated Universal Time.

40. Provision when no time prescribed

Where no time is prescribed or allowed within which anything shall be done, that thing shall be done with all convenient speed and as often as the prescribed occasion arises.

41. Construction of power of extending time

Where in any written law a time is prescribed for doing any act or taking any proceeding and power is given to a court or other authority to extend the time, unless the contrary intention

4 Amended on