(6) Where the administrator of a Company has made a statement under Section 61(6) (Requirement for initial creditors’ meeting) and has not called an initial meeting of creditors, the proposals sent out under this Section and Section 56 (Administrator’s proposals) will (if no meeting has been requisitioned under Section 61(7) (Requirement for initial creditors’ meeting) within the period set out in Section 62 (Meeting requisitioned by creditors)) be deemed to have been approved by the creditors.

(7) Where proposals are deemed under subsection (6) to have been approved, the administrator of a Company must, as soon as reasonably practicable after expiry of the period set out in Section 62 (Meeting requisitioned by creditors) give notice of the date on which they were deemed to have been approved to the Registrar, the Court and the creditors; and a copy of the proposals must be attached to the notice given to the Court and to creditors who have not previously received them.

(8) Where the administrator of a Company intends to apply to the Court (or file a notice under Section 115(2) (Termination of administration where objective achieved)) for the administration to cease at a time before he has sent a statement of his proposals to creditors in accordance with Section 56 (Administrator’s proposals), he shall, at least seven (7) business days before he makes such an application (or files such a notice), send to all creditors of the Company (so far as he is aware of their addresses) a report containing the information required by subsections (1)(a) to (o) of this Section.

(9) Where the administrator of a Company wishes to publish a notice under Section 56(7) (Administrator’s proposals), the notice shall be advertised in such manner as he thinks fit.

(10)

In addition to the standard contents, the notice under subsection (9) must state—

(a)

that members can write for a copy of the statement of proposals for achieving the purpose of administration; and

(b)

the address to which to write.

(11) This notice must be published as soon as reasonably practicable after the administrator of the Company sends his statement of proposals to the Company’s creditors but no later than eight (8) weeks (or such other period as may be agreed by the creditors or as the Court may order) from the date that the Company entered administration.

58.

Limited disclosure of statement of proposals

(1) Where the administrator of a Company thinks that it would prejudice the conduct of the administration or might reasonably be expected to lead to violence against any person for any of the matters specified in Section 57(1)(h) and 57(1)(i) (Administrator’s statement of proposals) to be disclosed, the administrator of the Company may apply to the Court for an order of limited disclosure in respect of any specified part of the statement under this Section.

31

(2)

The Court may, on such application, order that some or all of the specified part of the statement must not be sent to the Registrar or to creditors or members of the Company as otherwise required by Section 56(5) (Administrator’s proposals).

(3)

The administrator of a Company must as soon as reasonably practicable send to the persons specified in Section 56(5) (Administrator’s proposals) the statement under Section 56 (Administrator’s proposals) (to the extent provided by the order) and an indication of the nature of the matter in relation to which the order was made.

(4)

The administrator of the Company must also send a copy of the order to the Registrar.

(5)

A creditor who seeks disclosure of a part of a statement under Section 56 (Administrator’s proposals) in relation to which an order has been made under this Section may apply to the Court for an order that the administrator of the Company disclose it. The application must be supported by written evidence in the form of a witness statement.

(6)

The applicant must give the administrator of the Company notice of the application at least three (3) business days before the hearing.

(7)

The Court may make any order for disclosure subject to any conditions as to confidentiality, duration, the scope of the order in the event of any change of circumstances, or other matters as it sees just.

(8)

If there is a material change in circumstances rendering the limit on disclosure or any part of