 administration application, will assist the Court in deciding whether to make such an order, so far as lying within the knowledge or belief of the applicant.

(3) Where the administration application is made by the holder of a qualifying charge in reliance on Section 37 (Application by holder of qualifying charge), he shall give sufficient details in the witness statement in support to satisfy the Court that he is entitled to appoint an administrator of the Company under Section 21 (Power to appoint).

12.

Filing of administration application

(1)

The administration application (and all supporting documents) shall be filed with the Court in accordance with paragraph 37 of Schedule 1 (Electronic delivery of documents to or by the Court) and served in accordance with Section 13 (Service of administration application).

(2) When issuing the administration application, the Court shall endorse it with the date

and time of filing.

(3)

The Court shall fix a venue for the hearing which shall be included in a notice of listing which is to be served with the administration application.

(4)

After the administration application is filed, it is the duty of the applicant to notify the Court in writing of the existence of any Insolvency Proceedings.

13.

Service of administration application

(1)

In Section 8(2) (Administration application) and this Section, references to the administration application are to a copy of the administration application issued by the Court under Section 12(2) (Filing of administration application) together with the witness statement required by Section 11 (Content of administration application and witness statement) and the documents attached to the administration application.

(2)

Notification of the administration application for the purposes of Section 8(2) (Administration application) shall be by way of service in accordance with Section 15 (Manner in which service to be effected), verified in accordance with Section 16 (Proof of service).

14.

Notice to officers charged with execution of writs or other process

The applicant shall as soon as reasonably practicable after filing the administration application give notice of its being made to—

(a)

any enforcement officer or other officer who, to his knowledge, is charged with an execution or other legal process against the Company or its property; and

(b)

any person who to his knowledge has distrained against the Company or its property.

15. Manner in which service to be effected

(1)

Service of the administration application in accordance with Section 13 (Service of administration application) shall be effected by the applicant, or his solicitor or legal representative, or by a person instructed by him or his solicitor or legal representative, not less than five (5) business days before the date fixed for the hearing.

(2)

Service shall be effected on the Company or any other person in accordance with Part 4 of the ADGM Court Procedure Rules.

6

16.

Proof of service

(1)

Service of the application must be verified by a certificate of service.

(2)

The certificate of service must be sufficient to identify the administration application served and must specify—

(a)

the name and registered number of the Company;

(b)

the address of the registered office of the Company;

(c)

the name of the applicant;

(d)

the Court reference number;

(e)

the date of the administration application;

(f)

whether the copy served was a sealed copy;

(g)

the date on which service was effected; and

(h)

the manner in which service was effected.

(3)

The certificate of service shall be filed with the Court as soon as reasonably practicable after service, and in any event not less than one (1) business day before the hearing of the administration application.

17.

Administration application to appoint specified person as administrator by holder of qualifying charge

(1) Where the holder of a qualifying charge applies to the Court under Section 38(1)(b) (Intervention by holder of a qualifying charge), he shall produce to the Court—

(a)

the written consent of all holders of any prior qualifying charge;

(b)

a written statement containing the information prescribed in paragraph 46 of Schedule 1 made by the specified person proposed by him as administrator of the Company; and

(c)

sufficient evidence to satisfy the Court that he is entitled to appoint an administrator of the Company under Section 21 (Power to appoint).

(2)

If an administration order is made appointing the specified person, the costs of the the applicant under the administration application and person