; but

(iii)

if there is no such administrator and no creditors’ committee, to the Company and its creditors.

(b)

in the case of an administrator of a Deed of Company Arrangement, to the Company and its creditors.

(2) Where the administrator of a Company was appointed by the holder of a qualifying charge under Section 21 (Power to appoint), the notice of intention to resign shall also be sent to all holders of prior qualifying charges, and to the person who appointed the administrator of the Company.

(3) Where the administrator of the Company was appointed by the Company or the Directors of the Company under Section 29 (Power to appoint), a copy of the notice of intention to resign shall also be sent to the appointor and all holders of a qualifying charge.

131. Notice of resignation

(1)

The notice of resignation shall contain the information prescribed in paragraph 52 of Schedule 1 (Notice of intention to resign).

(2) Where the administrator of a Company was appointed under an administration order, the notice shall be filed with the Court, and a copy sent to the Registrar. A copy of the notice of resignation shall be sent not more than five (5) business days after it has been filed with the Court to all those to whom notice of intention to resign was sent.

(3) Where the administrator of a Company was appointed by the holder of a qualifying charge under Section 21 (Power to appoint), a copy of the notice of resignation shall be filed with the Court and sent to the Registrar, and anyone else who received a copy of the notice of intention to resign, within five (5) business days of the notice of resignation being sent to the holder of the qualifying charge by virtue of which the appointment was made.

(4) Where the administrator of a Company was appointed by the Company or the Directors under Section 29 (Power to appoint), a copy of the notice of resignation shall be filed with the Court and sent to the Registrar and to anyone else who received notice of intention to resign within five (5) business days of the notice of resignation being sent to either the Company or the Directors that made the appointment.

69

(5)

In the case of an administrator of a Deed of Company Arrangement, a copy of the notice of resignation shall be filed with the Court and sent to the Registrar and to anyone else who received notice of his intention to resign within five (5) business days of the notice of resignation being filed with the Court.

132. Removal of administrator from office

The Court may by order remove an administrator from office.

133. Application to Court to remove administrator from office

(1)

Any application under Section 132 (Removal of administrator from office) shall state the grounds on which it is requested that the administrator should be removed from office.

(2)

Service of the notice of the application shall be effected on the administrator and, in the case of an administrator of a Company, the person who made the application for the administration order or the person who appointed the administrator, the creditors’ committee (if any), the joint administrator (if any), and where there is neither a creditors’ committee or joint administrator, on the Company and all the creditors, including any qualifying charge holders and, in the case of an administrator of a Deed of Company Arrangement, the joint administrator (if any), the Company and all the creditors, in each case not less than five (5) business days before the date fixed for the application to be heard. Where the appointment was made under Section 21 (Power to appoint), the notice shall be served on the holder of the qualifying charge by virtue of which the appointment was made.

(3)

A sealed copy of any order removing the administrator shall be provided by the Court to the applicant in accordance with paragraph 37 of Schedule 1 (Electronic delivery of documents to or by the Court), following which the applicant shall as soon as reasonably practicable send a copy of the order to the administrator.

(4)

The applicant shall also within five (5) business days of the order being made send a copy of the order to all those to whom notice of the application was sent.

(5)

A copy of the order shall also be sent to the Registrar within the same time period.

134. Administrator ceasing to be registered

(1)

The administrator of a Company or of a Deed of Company Arrangement shall vacate office if he