 Court for an order that the administrator of the Company disclose it. The application must be supported by written evidence in the form of a witness statement.

(6)

The applicant must give the administrator of the Company notice of the application at least three (3) business days before the hearing.

(7)

The Court may make any order for disclosure subject to any conditions as to confidentiality, duration, the scope of the order in the event of any change of circumstances, or other matters as it sees just.

(8)

If there is a material change in circumstances rendering the limit on disclosure or any part of it unnecessary, the administrator of the Company must, as soon as reasonably practicable after the change, apply to the Court for the order or any part of it to be rescinded.

(9)

The administrator of a Company must, as soon as reasonably practicable after the making of an order under subsection (8), send to the persons specified in Section 56(5) (Administrator’s proposals) a copy of the statement under Section 56 (Administrator’s proposals) to the extent provided by the order.

(10) The provisions of the ADGM Court Procedure Rules relating to disclosure and

inspection of documents do not apply to an application under this Section.

59.

Creditors’ meetings

In this Part 1 (Administration) “creditors’ meeting” means a meeting of creditors of a Company summoned by the administrator of the Company in accordance with Schedule 6 (Meetings and Correspondence).

60.

Creditors’ meetings generally

Creditors’ meetings shall be conducted in accordance with Schedule 6 (Meetings and Correspondence).

61.

Requirement for initial creditors’ meeting

(1)

Each copy of an administrator’s statement of proposals sent to a creditor under Section 56(5)(b) (Administrator’s proposals) must be accompanied by an invitation to a creditors’ meeting (an “initial creditors’ meeting”).

(2)

The date set for an initial creditors’ meeting must be—

(a)

as soon as is reasonably practicable after the Company enters administration; and

32

(b)

in any event, within the period of ten (10) weeks beginning with the date on which the Company enters administration.

(3)

An administrator of the Company shall present a copy of his statement of proposals to an initial creditors’ meeting.

(4)

A period specified in this Section may be varied in accordance with Section 151 (Extension of time limit).

(5)

An administrator of a Company commits a contravention and is liable to a fine at the relevant level set out in the Fines Schedule if he fails without reasonable excuse to comply with a requirement of this Section.

(6)

Subsection (1) shall not apply where the statement of proposals states that the administrator of the Company thinks—

(a)

that the Company has sufficient property to enable each creditor of the Company to be paid in full;

(b)

that the Company has insufficient property to enable a distribution to be made to unsecured creditors; or

(c)

that neither of the objectives specified in Section 2(1)(a) and (b) (Purpose of administration) can be achieved.

(7)

But the administrator of a Company shall summon an initial creditors’ meeting if it is requested by creditors of the Company whose debts amount to at least ten (10)% of the total debts of the Company.

(8)

A meeting requested under subsection (7) must be summoned for a date in the period prescribed by Schedule 6.

62. Meeting requisitioned by creditors

The request for a creditors’ meeting under Section 61(7) (Requirement for initial creditors’ meeting) or Section 71(1) (Further creditors’ meetings) or a meeting of creditors under Section 90 (Meeting of creditors to consider variation or termination) shall contain the information prescribed by Schedule 6 and be delivered in accordance with paragraph 13 (Requisition of Meetings) of Schedule 6 (Meetings and Correspondence). A request for an initial creditors’ meeting must be made within eight (8) business days of the date on which the statement of proposals of the administrator of the Company is sent out.

63.

Correspondence

(1)

Anything which is required or permitted by or under this Part to be done at a creditors’ meeting or a meeting of creditors may be done by correspondence between the administrator and creditors—

(a)

in accordance with these Regulations (including Schedule 6