 (Application of UNCITRAL Model Law) (which contains the UNCITRAL Model Law with certain modifications to adapt it for application in the Abu Dhabi Global Market).

(2) Without prejudice to any practice of the Court as to the matters which may be considered apart from this subsection, the following documents may be considered in ascertaining the meaning or effect of any provision of the UNCITRAL Model Law as set out in Schedule 10 (Application of UNCITRAL Model Law)—

(a)

the UNCITRAL Model Law;

(b)

any documents of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law and its working group relating to the preparation of the UNCITRAL Model Law; and

(c)

the Guide to Enactment of the UNCITRAL Model Law (UNCITRAL document A/CN.9/442) prepared at the request of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law made in May 1997.

272. Modification of insolvency law of the Abu Dhabi Global Market

(1)

These Regulations shall apply with such modifications as the context requires for the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of Schedule 10 (Application of UNCITRAL Model Law).

(2)

In the case of any conflict between any provision of these Regulations and Schedule 10 (Application of UNCITRAL Model Law), the latter shall prevail.

273. Part 9 to be disapplied

Nothing in Part 9 (Insolvency Practitioners) applies to anything done by a foreign representative—

(a)

under or by virtue of these Regulations; or

(b)

in relation to relief granted or cooperation provided under these Regulations.

274. Overriding provisions

The Court shall not grant any relief, or modify any relief already granted, or provide any co-operation or coordination, under or by virtue of any of the provisions of Schedule 10 (Application of UNCITRAL Model Law) if and to the extent that such relief or modified relief or cooperation or coordination would—

128

(a)

(b)

be prohibited under or by virtue of—

(i)

the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015 or the rules of any Recognised Body; or

(ii)

the provisions of Part 7 (Financial Markets and Netting);

in the case of a proceeding under these Regulations; or

interfere with or be inconsistent with any rights of a collateral-taker under Part 7 (Financial Markets and Netting) which could be exercised in the case of such a proceeding.

129

PART 7 : FINANCIAL MARKETS AND NETTING

Chapter 1 - Qualified Financial Contract

275. Enforceability of a Qualified Financial Contract

A qualified financial contract shall not be and shall be deemed never to have been void or unenforceable by reason of the laws of the Abu Dhabi Global Market relating to games, gaming, gambling, wagering or lotteries.

Chapter 2 - Netting and Collateral

276. Netting Provisions to take effect in accordance with their terms

(1)

The provisions of a netting agreement will be enforceable in accordance with their terms, including against an insolvent party, and, where applicable, against a guarantor or other person providing security for a party (including a guarantor or other person that is insolvent) and will not be stayed, avoided or otherwise limited by—

(a)

the appointment of, or any application for the appointment of, or notice relating to the appointment of, an Office-holder or any action of an Office-holder;

(b)

any other provision of law, excluding sections 60 to 62 of the Bank Recovery and Resolution Regulations 2018, relating to administration, liquidation, receivership, reorganisation, composition with creditors, bankruptcy, conservatorship or any other Insolvency Proceedings an insolvent party may be subject to; or

(c)

any other provision of law that may be applicable to an insolvent party,

subject to the conditions contained in the applicable netting agreement.

(2)

After commencement of Insolvency Proceedings in relation to a party, the only obligation, if any, of either party to make payment or delivery under or pursuant to a netting agreement or under or pursuant to any qualified financial contract or contract or transaction to which that netting agreement applies shall be equal to its net obligation to the other party as determined in accordance with the terms of the applicable netting agreement.

(3)

After commencement of Insolvency Proceedings in relation to a party, the only right, if