 and

(f)

in the case of the second or subsequent progress reports published under this subsection, also shows the aggregate amount of receipts and payments during all preceding 6-month periods since his appointment.

A person who ceases to be the administrator of a Deed of Company Arrangement must, within one month after the cessation, publish a final progress report that—

(a)

contains the information prescribed by paragraph 53 of Schedule 1;

(b)

is verified by a written statement;

(c)

if he has previously been required to publish a progress report under subsection (1), shows his receipts and payments during the period—

(i)

beginning at the end of the 6-month period to which the most recent progress report under subsection (1) related; and

(ii)

ending at the cessation;

(d)

if he has previously been required to publish a progress report under subsection (1), also shows the aggregate amount of receipts and payments during all previous 6-month periods since his appointment; and

(e)

if he has not previously been required to publish a progress report under subsection (1), shows his receipts and payments during the period beginning on—

(i)

the date of his appointment; and

(ii)

ending at the cessation.

If a report is published under subsection (1) or (2), the Registrar may cause the progress report to be audited by a registered company auditor.

The auditor must prepare a report on the progress report.

For the purposes of the audit under subsection (3), the administrator or former administrator must give the auditor such books and information as the auditor requires.

If the Registrar causes a progress report to be audited under subsection (3)—

(a)

the Registrar must give the administrator or former administrator a copy of the report by the auditor; and

(b)

Section 470 (Auditor’s general right to information) of the Companies Regulations 2020 applies in relation to the report prepared by the auditor as if it were a document required to be published.

The costs of an audit under this Section are to be fixed by the Registrar, and are payable by the Company.

Chapter 9 - Functions of Administrator

General powers

The administrator of a Company may do anything necessary or expedient for the management of the affairs, business and property of the Company.

49

(2)

A provision of this Part 1 (Administration) which expressly permits the administrator of a Company to do a specified thing is without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1).

(3)

A person who deals with the administrator of a Company in good faith and for value need not inquire whether the administrator is acting within his powers.

(4)

The administrator of a Company has the powers specified in Schedule 2 (Powers of the Administrator).

(5)

The administrator of a Company—

(a)

may remove a Director of the Company; and

(b)

may appoint a Director of the Company (whether or not to fill a vacancy).

(6)

The administrator of a Company or of a Deed of Company Arrangement may call a meeting of members or creditors of the Company.

(7)

The administrator of a Company or of a Deed of Company Arrangement may apply to the Court for directions in connection with his functions. The administrator of a Deed of Company Arrangement may also apply to the Court for directions about a matter arising in connection with the operation of, or giving effect to, the Deed of Company Arrangement.

(8)

A Company in administration or an officer of a Company in administration may not exercise a management power without the consent of the administrator of the Company.

(9)

For the purpose of subsection (8)—

(a)

“management power” means a power which could be exercised so as to interfere with the exercise of the administrator’s powers;

(b)

it is immaterial whether the power is conferred by an enactment or an instrument; and

(c)

consent may be general or specific.

(10) The Board may by rules prohibit or restrict the disposal, hiring out or sale of property of a Company by an administrator to a person who is or was a particular kind of Connected Person of a Company, in such circumstances and subject to such conditions and requirements as may be prescribed, and the powers of an administrator under subsection (4) shall be subject to such prohibition or restriction.

96.

Distribution

(1)

The administrator of a Company may make a distribution to a creditor of the Company. Schedule 5 (Proofs and Distribution