 Section 11 (Content of administration application and witness statement) must be prepared with a view to its being filed with the Court in support of the administration application.

(2)

If the administration application is to be made by the Company or by the Directors, the witness statement shall be made by one of the Directors, or the secretary of the Company, stating himself to make it on behalf of the Company or, as the case may be, on behalf of the Directors.

(3)

If the administration application is to be made by creditors, the witness statement shall be made by a person acting under the authority of them all, whether or not himself one of their number. In any case, there must be stated in the witness statement the nature of his authority and the means of his knowledge of the matters to which the witness statement relates.

4

10.

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

11.

(1)

(2)

Form of administration application

If made by the Company or by the Directors, the administration application shall state the name of the Company and its address for service, which (in the absence of special reasons to the contrary) is that of the Company’s registered office.

If the administration application is made by the Directors, it shall state that it is so made under Section 8(1)(b) (Administration application); but from and after making it, it is to be treated for all purposes as the administration application of the Company.

If made by a single creditor, the administration application shall state his name and address for service.

If the administration application is made by two or more creditors, it shall state that it is so made (naming them); but from and after making it, it is to be treated for all purposes as the administration application of only one of them, named in the administration application as applying on behalf of himself and other creditors. An address for service for that one shall be specified.

There shall be attached to the administration application a written statement containing the information prescribed in paragraph 46 of Schedule 1 by each of the persons proposed to be administrator of a Company stating—

(a)

that he consents to accept appointment;

(b)

details of any prior professional relationship(s) that he has had with the Company to which he is to be appointed as administrator; and

(c)

his opinion that it is reasonably likely that the purpose of administration will be achieved.

Content of administration application and witness statement

The administration application shall contain a statement of the applicant’s belief that the Company is, or is likely to become, unable to pay its debts, except where the applicant is the holder of a qualifying charge and is making the application in reliance on Section 37 (Application by holder of qualifying charge).

There shall be attached to the administration application a witness statement in support which shall contain—

(a)

a statement of the Company’s financial position, specifying (to the best of the applicant’s knowledge and belief) the Company’s assets and liabilities, including contingent and prospective liabilities;

(b)

details of any security known or believed to be held by creditors of the Company, and whether in any case the security is such as to confer power on the holder to appoint an administrative receiver or to appoint an administrator under Section 21 (Power to appoint). If an administrative receiver has been appointed, that fact shall be stated;

(c)

details of any Insolvency Proceedings in relation to the Company including any petition that has been presented for the winding-up of the Company so far as known to the applicant;

(d)

where it is intended to appoint a number of persons as administrators of a Company, details of the matters set out in Section 145(2) (Joint administrators) regarding the exercise of the function of the administrators of the Company; and

5

(e)

any other matters which, in the opinion of those intending to make the administration application, will assist the Court in deciding whether to make such an order, so far as lying within the knowledge or belief of the applicant.

(3) Where the administration application is made by the holder of a qualifying charge in reliance on Section 37 (Application by holder of qualifying charge), he shall give sufficient details in the witness statement in support to satisfy the Court that he is entitled to appoint an administrator of the Company under Section 21 (Power to appoint).

12.

Filing of administration application

(1)

The administration application (and all supporting documents) shall be filed with the Court