 to creditors if before the end of the prescribed period he publishes in the Abu Dhabi Global Market a notice (with standard content and stating the date that the administration ended) undertaking to provide a copy of the notice under subsection (2) to any creditor of the Company who applies in writing to a specified address.

(6)

An administrator of a Company who fails without reasonable excuse to comply with subsection (4) commits a contravention and is liable to a fine at the relevant level set out in the Fines Schedule.

116. Court ending administration on application of creditor

(1)

On the application of a creditor of a Company the Court may provide for the appointment of an administrator of the Company to cease to have effect at a specified time.

(2)

An application under this Section must allege an improper motive—

(a)

in the case of an administrator of a Company appointed by administration order, on the part of the applicant for the order; or

(b)

in any other case, on the part of the person who appointed the administrator of the Company.

(3)

On an application under this Section the Court may—

(a)

adjourn the hearing conditionally or unconditionally;

63

(b)

dismiss the application;

(c)

make an interim order; and/or

(d)

make any order it thinks appropriate (whether in addition to, in consequence of or instead of the order applied for).

117. Application to Court by creditor

(1) Where a creditor applies to the Court to end the administration a copy of the application shall be served on the administrator of the Company and the person who either made the application for the administration order or made the appointment. Where the appointment was made under Section 21 (Power to appoint), a copy of the application shall be served on the holder of the qualifying charge by virtue of which the appointment was made.

(2)

Service shall be effected not less than five (5) business days before the date fixed for the hearing. The administrator of the Company, applicant or appointor, or holder of the qualifying charge by virtue of which the appointment was made may appear at the hearing of the application.

(3)

A sealed copy of any order to end the administration shall be provided by the Court to the administrator of the Company in accordance with paragraph 37 of Schedule 1 (Electronic delivery of documents to or by the Court).

118. Application for extension of administration

(1)

An application to the Court for an extension of administration shall be accompanied by a progress report for the period since the last progress report (if any) or the date the Company entered administration.

(2) When the administrator of the Company requests an extension of the period of the administration by consent of creditors, his request shall be accompanied by a progress report for the period since the last progress report (if any) or the date the Company entered administration.

(3) Where the Court makes an order extending the administration, the administrator of the Company must give notice of the order to the creditors as soon as reasonably practicable, together with a copy of the progress report which accompanied the application to the Court.

(4) Where the period of the administration has been extended by consent of creditors, the administrator of the Company must give notice to the creditors as soon as reasonably practicable.

119. Time of end of administration

(1)

For the purpose of any application to the Court for an order ending the administration, the appointment shall cease to have effect from the date and, if necessary, the time specified in the order.

(2)

A sealed copy of the order shall be provided by the Court to the administrator of the Company in accordance with paragraph 37 of Schedule 1 (Electronic delivery of documents to or by the Court).

64

120. Notification by administrator of Court order

(1) Where the Court makes an order to end the administration, the administrator of the Company must send to the Registrar a copy of the Court order and a copy of his final progress report.

(2)

As soon as reasonably practicable, the administrator of the Company must send a copy of the order and the final progress report to all other persons who received notice of his appointment.

121. Public interest winding-up

(1)

This Section applies where a winding-up order is made for the winding-up of a Company in administration or which is subject to a Deed of Company Arrangement on a petition presented under Section 203 (Petition for winding-up by the Financial Services Regulator