-taker’s own property. The collateral-taker shall on such realisations, set its value against, or applying its value in or towards the discharge of, the relevant obligations.

(2)

Upon the exercise by the collateral-taker of the power to appropriate the collateral, the equity of redemption of the collateral-provider shall be extinguished and all legal and beneficial interest of the collateral-provider in the collateral shall vest in the collateral- taker.

(3)

Upon the exercise by a collateral-taker of the power to appropriate the collateral in accordance with subsection (1), the collateral-taker must value the collateral in accordance with the terms of the arrangement and in any event in a commercially reasonable manner.

(4) Where a collateral-taker exercises such a power and the value of the collateral appropriated differs from the amount of the relevant obligations, then as the case may be, either—

(a)

the collateral-taker must account to the collateral-provider for the amount by which the value of the collateral exceeds the relevant obligations; or

(b)

the collateral-provider will remain liable to the collateral-taker for any amount by which the value of the collateral is less than the relevant obligations.

Chapter 4 - Interpretation

284. Netting agreement containing other provisions

For the purposes of this Part 7 (Financial Markets and Netting), a netting agreement shall be deemed to be a netting agreement notwithstanding the fact that such netting agreement may contain provisions relating to agreements, contracts or transactions that are not qualified financial contracts, provided, however, that, for the purposes of this Part 7 (Financial Markets and Netting), such netting agreement shall be deemed to be a netting agreement only with respect to those agreements, contracts or transactions that fall within the definition of “qualified financial contract”.

285. Control

A collateral-taker who has taken collateral by way of security shall be treated as having control of collateral for the purposes of these Regulations notwithstanding:

(1)

its exercise of a right of use as described in Section 282(1) (Right of use of collateral-taker in collateral and obligation to return equivalent assets);

134

(2)

any right of the collateral-provider to substitute collateral of the same or greater value, withdraw excess collateral or collect the proceeds of, or otherwise service, a credit claim until further notice.

For the purposes of these Regulations “possession” of collateral in the form of cash or securities includes the case where collateral has been credited to an account in the name of the collateral-taker or a person acting on his behalf (whether or not the collateral-taker, or person acting on his behalf, has credited the collateral to an account in the name of the collateral-provider on his, or that person’s, books) provided that any rights to the collateral-provider may have in relation to that collateral are limited to the right to substitute collateral of the same or greater value or to withdraw excess collateral.

286. Single agreement

For the purposes of this Part 7 (Financial Markets and Netting), a netting agreement and all qualified financial contracts entered into thereunder shall constitute a single agreement.

287. Application of this Part

This Part 7 (Financial Markets and Netting) applies to any qualified financial contract, netting agreement or collateral arrangement (including any title transfer collateral arrangement) which is governed by the laws of the Abu Dhabi Global Market or which is entered into by a person incorporated or licensed in the Abu Dhabi Global Market or organised under a law of the Abu Dhabi Global Market, irrespective of the date on which such qualified financial contract, netting agreement or collateral arrangement was entered into.

135

PART 8 : CONTRAVENTIONS AND FINES

288. Contraventions and administrative notice of fine

Where—

(a)

a provision of these Regulations provides that a failure to comply with a provision constitutes a contravention and prescribes the level of the fine in relation to the contravention; and

(b)

the Registrar considers that a person has committed such a contravention,

the Registrar may impose on such person a fine, in respect of the contravention, of such amount as it considers appropriate but not exceeding the amount of the maximum fine specified in respect of such contravention in the Fines Schedule.

136

PART 9 : INSOLVENCY PRACTITIONERS

289. Restrictions on service as liquidator, administrative receiver, administrator, administrator of a Deed of Company Arrangement or receiver

