 applicant shall give the liquidator of a Company notice of his application at least three (3) business days before the hearing.

(6)

The Court may make any order for disclosure subject to any conditions as to confidentiality, duration, the scope of the order in the event of any change of circumstances, or other matters as it sees just.

(7)

If there is a material change in circumstances rendering the limit on disclosure or any part of it unnecessary, the liquidator of a Company shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after the change, apply to the Court for the order or any part of it to be rescinded.

(8)

The liquidator of a Company shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after the making of an order under subsection (7), file with the Registrar a copy of the Statement of Affairs to the extent provided by the order.

(9)

The provisions of the ADGM Court Procedure Rules relating to disclosure and inspection of documents shall not apply to an application under this Section.

236. Release from duty to submit Statement of Affairs; extension of time

(1)

The power of the liquidator under Section 232 (Statement of Company’s Affairs) to give a release from the obligation imposed by Section 231(1) (Notice requiring Statement of Affairs), or to grant an extension of time, may be exercised at his own discretion, or at the request of any relevant person.

(2)

A relevant person may, if he requests a release or extension of time and it is refused by the liquidator, apply to the Court for it.

(3)

The Court may, if it thinks that no sufficient cause is shown for the application, dismiss it without a hearing but it shall not do so without giving the relevant person at least five

112

(5) business days’ notice, upon receipt of which the relevant person may request the Court to list the application for a without notice hearing. If the application is not dismissed the Court shall fix a venue for it to be heard, and give notice to the relevant person accordingly.

(4)

The relevant person shall, at least fourteen (14) days before the hearing, send to the liquidator a notice stating the venue and accompanied by a copy of the application and of any evidence which he (the relevant person) intends to adduce in support of it.

(5)

The liquidator may appear and be heard on the application and, whether or not he appears, he may file a written report of any matters which he considers ought to be drawn to the Court’s attention.

(6)

If such a report is filed, a copy of it shall be sent by the liquidator to the relevant person, not later than five (5) business days before the hearing.

(7)

A sealed copy of any order made on the application shall be provided by the Court to the relevant person and the liquidator in accordance with paragraph 37 of Schedule 1 (Electronic delivery of documents to or by the Court).

(8)

On any application under this Section the relevant person’s costs shall be paid in any event by him and, unless the Court otherwise orders, no allowance towards them shall be made as an expense of the winding-up.

237. Expense of Statement of Affairs

(1)

A relevant person making the Statement of Affairs of the Company or statement of concurrence shall be allowed, and paid by the liquidator as an expense of the winding- up, any expenses incurred by the relevant person in so doing which the liquidator considers reasonable.

(2)

Any decision by the liquidator under this Section is subject to appeal to the Court.

(3)

Nothing in this Section relieves a relevant person from any obligation with respect to the preparation, verification and submission of the Statement of Affairs, or to the provision of information to the liquidator.

238. Submission of accounts

(1)

The liquidator shall be entitled to demand from an officer of the Company access to and copies of the accounts and the books and records of the Company of such nature and for such period as he sees fit.

(2) Where a person is required to furnish accounts under subsection (1), the liquidator may authorise an allowance, payable out of the assets of the Company, towards expenses to be incurred by that person in employing others to assist him in preparing the accounts.

239. Further disclosure

The liquidator may at any time require any person to submit (in writing) further information amplifying