 truth and be delivered to the administrator of the Company by the person who makes it, together with a copy of it.

(6)

Subject to Section 53 (Limited disclosure), the administrator of a Company shall as soon as reasonably practicable send to the Registrar a copy of the Statement of Affairs and any statement of concurrence.

53.

Limited disclosure

(1) Where the administrator of a Company thinks that it would prejudice the conduct of the administration or might reasonably be expected to lead to violence against any person for the whole or part of the statement of the Company’s affairs to be disclosed, he may apply to the Court for an order of limited disclosure in respect of the statement, or any specified part of it.

(2)

The Court may, on such application, order that the statement or, as the case may be, the specified part of it, shall not be filed with the Registrar.

25

(3)

The administrator of a Company shall as soon as reasonably practicable send to the Registrar a copy of the order and the Statement of Affairs (to the extent provided by the order) and any statement of concurrence.

(4)

If a creditor seeks disclosure of a Statement of Affairs or a specified part of it in relation to which an order has been made under this Section, he may apply to the Court for an order that the administrator of a Company disclose it or a specified part of it. The application shall be supported by written evidence in the form of a witness statement.

(5)

The applicant shall give the administrator of a Company notice of his application at least three (3) business days before the hearing.

(6)

The Court may make any order for disclosure subject to any conditions as to confidentiality, duration, the scope of the order in the event of any change of circumstances, or other matters as it sees just.

(7)

If there is a material change in circumstances rendering the limit on disclosure or any part of it unnecessary, the administrator of a Company shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after the change, apply to the Court for the order or any part of it to be rescinded.

(8)

The administrator of a Company shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after the making of an order under subsection (7) file with the Registrar a copy of the Statement of Affairs to the extent provided by the order.

(9) When the Statement of Affairs is filed in accordance with subsection (8), the administrator of a Company shall, where he has sent a statement of proposals under Section 56 (Administrator’s proposals), provide the creditors with a copy of the Statement of Affairs as filed, or a summary thereof.

(10) The provisions of the ADGM Court Procedure Rules relating to disclosure and inspection of documents shall not apply to an application under this Section.

54.

Release from duty to submit Statement of Affairs; extension of time

(1)

The power of the administrator of a Company under Section 51(5) (Statement of Company’s affairs) to give a release from the obligation imposed by Section 50(1) (Notice requiring Statement of Affairs), or to grant an extension of time, may be exercised at his own discretion, or at the request of any relevant person.

(2)

A relevant person may, if he requests a release or extension of time and it is refused by the administrator of a Company, apply to the Court for it.

(3)

The Court may, if it thinks that no sufficient cause is shown for the application, dismiss it without a hearing but it shall not do so without giving the relevant person at least five (5) business days’ notice, upon receipt of which the relevant person may request the Court to list the application for a without notice hearing. If the application is not dismissed the Court shall fix a venue for it to be heard, and give notice to the relevant person accordingly.

(4)

The relevant person shall, at least fourteen (14) days before the hearing, send to the administrator of the Company a notice stating the venue and accompanied by a copy of the application and of any evidence which he (the relevant person) intends to adduce in support of it.

(5)

The administrator of a Company may appear and be heard on the application and, whether or not he appears, he may file a written report of any matters which he considers ought to be drawn to the Court’s attention.

26

(6)

(7)

(8)

55.

(1