 the appointment has given such notice as may be required by Section 22(1)(a) (Restrictions on power to appoint); or

(ii)

copies of the written consent of all those required to give consent in accordance with Section 22(1)(b) (Restrictions on power to appoint); and

(d)

a statement of administrators), if applicable.

those matters provided

for

in Section 145(2) (Joint

The notice of appointment must include a declaration containing the information prescribed in paragraph 50 of Schedule 1 by or on behalf of the person who makes the appointment—

(a)

that the person is the holder of a qualifying charge in respect of the Company’s property;

(b)

that each charge relied on in making the appointment is (or was) enforceable on the date of the appointment; and

10

(c)

that the appointment is in accordance with this Part 1 (Administration).

(3)

The notice of appointment must identify the administrator of the Company and must be accompanied by a statement by the administrator of the Company—

(a)

that he consents to the appointment;

(b)

that in his opinion the purpose of administration is reasonably likely to be achieved; and

(c)

giving such other information and opinions as may be prescribed.

(4)

For the purpose of a statement under subsection (3) an administrator of the Company may rely on information supplied by Directors of the Company (unless he has reason to doubt its accuracy).

(5)

A declaration under subsection (2) must be made not more than five (5) business days before the form is filed with the Court.

(6)

A person commits a contravention and is liable to a fine at the relevant level set out in the Fines Schedule if in a declaration under subsection (2) he makes a statement—

(a)

which is false; and

(b)

which he does not reasonably believe to be true.

24.

Notice of intention to appoint

(1)

The notice of intention to appoint an administrator by a holder of a qualifying charge shall include such information as prescribed in paragraph 48 of Schedule 1.

(2)

A copy of the notice of intention to appoint shall be filed with the Court at the same time as it is sent in accordance with Section 22(1) (Restrictions on power to appoint) to the holder of any prior qualifying charge.

(3)

The provisions of Section 15(2) (Manner in which service to be effected) shall apply to the sending of such notice as they apply to the manner in which service of an administration application is effected under that Section.

25.

Notice of appointment

(1) Written consent may be given by the holder of a prior qualifying charge where a notice of intention to appoint an administrator of a Company has been given and filed with the Court in accordance with Section 24 (Notice of intention to appoint), by completing the section provided on the prescribed form and returning to the appointor a copy of the form.

(2) Where the holder of a prior qualifying charge does not choose to complete the section provided on the prescribed form to indicate his consent, or no such form has been sent to him, his written consent shall include—

(a)

details of the name, address of registered office and registered number of the Company in respect of which the appointment is proposed to be made;

(b)

details of the charge held by him including the date it was registered and, where applicable, any financial limit and any deeds of priority;

(c)

his name and address;

11

(d)

the name and address of the holder of the qualifying charge who is proposing to make the appointment;

(e)

the date that notice of intention to appoint was given;

(f)

the name of the proposed administrator of the Company; and

(g)

a statement of consent to the proposed appointment,

and it shall be authenticated and dated.

(3)

This Section is subject to Section 27 (Appointment taking place out of Court business hours), the provisions of which apply when an appointment is to be made out of Court business hours.

(4)

The notice of appointment shall be filed with the Court in accordance with paragraph 37 of Schedule 1 (Electronic delivery of documents to or by the Court).

(5) When issuing the notice of appointment, the Court shall endorse it with the date and time of filing and the person making the appointment shall as soon as reasonably practicable send an endorsed copy to the administrator