 the administrative receiver, the Court is satisfied that the disposal (with or without other assets) of any relevant property which is subject to a security would be likely to promote a more advantageous realisation of the Company’s assets than would otherwise be effected, the Court may by order authorise the administrative receiver to dispose of the property as if it were not subject to the security.

(2)

Subsection (1) does not apply to a security held by the person by whom the administrative receiver was appointed, or any security which has priority over that security interest.

87

(3)

It shall be a condition of an order under this Section that—

(a)

the net proceeds of the disposal; and

(b)

such sum as may be required to make good the deficiency between the net proceeds of the disposal and the net amount which would be realised on a sale of the property in the open market by a willing vendor,

shall be applied towards discharging the sums secured by the security.

(4) Where a condition imposed in pursuance of subsection (3) relates to two (2) or more securities, that condition shall require the net proceeds of the disposal and, where subsection (3)(b) applies, the sums mentioned in that subsection to be applied towards discharging the sums secured by those securities in the order of their priorities.

(5)

If an order is made under this Section, the administrative receiver shall immediately give notice of it to the person who is the secured creditor if such person has not been a party to the proceedings before the Court.

(6)

The administrative receiver shall send to the Registrar a copy of the order within fourteen (14) days of it being made.

(7)

If the administrative receiver fails to comply with subsection (6) without reasonable excuse, he commits a contravention and is liable to a fine at the relevant level set out in the Fines Schedule.

(8)

In this Section, “relevant property” in relation to the administrative receiver, means the property of which he is or, but for the appointment of some other person as the receiver of part of the Company’s property, would be the receiver.

171. Meeting of creditors

(1)

The administrative receiver shall, within three (3) months after his appointment, send to the Registrar, to any liquidator of the Company and to every creditor of the Company (other than an opted-out creditor) of whose claim and address he is aware, a report detailing—

(a)

the events leading up to his appointment, so far as he is aware of them;

(b)

the disposal or the proposed disposal by him of any property of the Company and the carrying on or proposed carrying on by him of any business of the Company;

(c)

the amounts of principal and interest payable to the secured creditors by whom or on whose behalf he was appointed;

(d)

the amount (if any) likely to be available for the payment of other creditors; and

(e)

a summary of any Statement of Affairs submitted to him.

(2)

The administrative receiver shall summon a meeting of creditors of the Company in accordance with Schedule 6 (Meetings and Correspondence) to consider the contents of his report referred to in subsection (1) and such meeting of creditors shall be conducted in accordance with Schedule 6 (Meetings and Correspondence).

(3)

An administrative receiver who makes default in complying with this Section, without reasonable excuse, commits a contravention and is liable to a fine at the relevant level set out in the Fines Schedule.

88

(4)

(5)

(6)

Anything which is required or permitted by or under this Part to be done at a meeting of creditors may be done by correspondence between the administrative receiver and creditors—

(a)

in accordance with these Regulations (including Schedule 6 (Meetings and Correspondence)); and

(b)

subject to any prescribed condition.

A reference in this Part to anything done at a meeting of creditors includes a reference to anything done in the course of correspondence in reliance on subsection (4).

A requirement to hold a meeting of creditors is satisfied by conducting correspondence in accordance with subsection (4).

89

PART 3 : WINDING-UP

Chapter 1 - General

172. Alternative modes of winding-up

The winding-up of a Company may be either voluntary or by the Court.

173. Concurrent proceedings

(1)

Subject to subsection (2), there may be a winding-up of a Company and a receiver