)

The liquidator shall be entitled to demand from an officer of the Company access to and copies of the accounts and the books and records of the Company of such nature and for such period as he sees fit.

(2) Where a person is required to furnish accounts under subsection (1), the liquidator may authorise an allowance, payable out of the assets of the Company, towards expenses to be incurred by that person in employing others to assist him in preparing the accounts.

239. Further disclosure

The liquidator may at any time require any person to submit (in writing) further information amplifying, modifying or explaining any matter contained in a Statement of Affairs, or in accounts submitted in pursuance of these Regulations.

240. Removal or resignation of liquidator

(1)

The Court may, on cause shown, remove a liquidator or provisional liquidator and appoint another.

113

(2)

A liquidator may only resign his office if he ceases to be an insolvency practitioner registered pursuant to Section 290 (Qualification and registration of insolvency practitioners) or there is some conflict of interest or change of personal circumstance which precludes or makes impracticable the further discharge by him of the duties of liquidator.

(3)

A liquidator may resign his office by giving twenty-eight (28) days’ notice of his resignation to the members and creditors of the Company and to the Registrar, together with a progress report providing an account of his acts and dealings, and of the conduct of the winding-up, since his last progress report or, if there is no such progress report, since his appointment.

241. Reference of questions to Court

(1)

The liquidator or any contributory or creditor may apply to the Court to determine any question arising in the winding-up of a Company.

(2)

In addition, the Court may, on the liquidator’s application, relieve him of any duty imposed on him by these Regulations, or authorise him to carry out the duty in a way other than as required by these Regulations.

(3)

In considering whether to act under subsection (2), the Court shall have regard to the cost of carrying out the duty, to the amount of the assets available, and to the extent of the interest of creditors or members, or any particular class of them.

(4)

The Court may make such order on the application as it thinks just.

242. Meetings to ascertain wishes of creditors or contributories

(1)

The Court may—

(a)

as to all matters relating to the winding-up of a Company, have regard to the wishes of the creditors or contributories (as proved to it by any sufficient evidence); and

(b)

if it thinks fit, for the purpose of ascertaining those wishes, direct meetings of the creditors, members or contributories to be called, held and conducted, or for resolutions to be proposed by correspondence, in accordance with Schedule 6 (Meetings and Correspondence) or in such other manner as the Court directs, and appoint a person to act as chairman of any such meeting and report the result of it to the Court.

(2)

In the case of creditors, regard shall be had to the value of each creditor’s debt.

(3)

In the case of contributories, regard shall be had to the number of votes conferred on each contributory.

Chapter 8 - Distributions to creditors

243. Distributions to creditors

Schedule 5 (Proofs and Distribution) shall apply to distributions made or proposed to be made by the liquidator and to creditors proving their debts.

114

PART 4 : PROTECTION OF ASSETS IN LIQUIDATION AND ADMINISTRATION

Chapter 1 - Contraventions by Directors and others

244. Fraud in anticipation of winding-up or insolvent administration

(1) When a Company is ordered to be wound up by the Court, or passes a resolution for voluntary winding-up or enters insolvent administration, any person, being a past or present officer of the Company, commits a contravention and is liable to a fine at the relevant level set out in the Fines Schedule if, within the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the commencement of the winding-up, he has—

(a)

concealed any part of the Company’s property to the value of $200 or more, or concealed any debt due to or from the Company;

(b)

fraudulently removed any part of