;

(b)

Section 193 (Commencement of winding-up) shall apply as if the reference to the time of the passing of the resolution for voluntary winding-up were a reference to the beginning of the date of registration of the notice under subsection (3);

(c)

Section 175 (Declaration of solvency) shall not apply;

(d)

Section 186 (Appointment of liquidator) shall not apply;

(Meeting of members and creditors) and Section 187

(e)

Section 208 (Commencement of winding-up) shall apply as if the reference to the time of the passing of the resolution for voluntary winding-up were a reference to the beginning of the date of registration of the notice under subsection (3); and

(f)

any creditors’ committee which is in existence immediately before the Company ceases to be in administration shall continue in existence after that time as if appointed as a Liquidation Committee under Section 230 (Liquidation Committee).

123. Moving to creditors’ voluntary liquidation

(1)

As soon as reasonably practicable after the day on which the Registrar registers the notice of moving to creditors’ voluntary liquidation sent by the administrator of the Company or of the Deed of Company Arrangement, as the case may be, for the purposes of Section 122(3) (Moving to creditors’ voluntary liquidation), the person who at that point ceases to be the administrator of the Company or of the Deed of Company Arrangement, as the case may be, must (whether he becomes the liquidator or not) send a final progress report, to the Registrar and to all those who received notice of his appointment.

66

(2)

For the purposes of Section 122(6)(a) (Moving to creditors’ voluntary liquidation), a person is nominated by the creditors as liquidator by—

(a)

their approval of the statement of the proposed liquidator in the proposals or revised proposals of the administrator of the Company or the proposed resolutions included in the notice given to creditors under Section 90 (Meeting of creditors to consider variation or termination); or

(b)

their nomination of a different person before their approval of the proposals or revised proposals or for the purposes of the proposed resolutions.

124. Moving from administration to dissolution

(1)

If the administrator of a Company thinks that the Company has no property which might permit a distribution to its creditors, he shall send a notice to that effect to the Registrar.

(2)

The Court may on the application of the administrator of a Company disapply subsection (1) in respect of the Company.

(3)

On receipt of a notice under subsection (1) the Registrar shall register it.

(4)

On the registration of a notice in respect of a Company under subsection (1) the appointment of an administrator of the Company shall cease to have effect.

(5)

If an administrator of a Company sends a notice under subsection (1) he shall as soon as is reasonably practicable—

(a)

file a copy of the notice with the Court; and

(b)

send a copy of the notice to each creditor of whose claim and address he is aware.

(6)

At the end of the period of three months beginning with the date of registration of a notice in respect of a Company under subsection (1) the Company is deemed to be dissolved.

(7)

On an application in respect of a Company by the administrator of a Company or another interested person the Court may—

(a)

extend the period specified in subsection (6);

(b)

suspend that period; or

(c)

disapply subsection (6).

(8) Where an order is made under subsection (7) in respect of a Company the administrator of the Company shall as soon as is reasonably practicable notify the Registrar.

(9)

An administrator of a Company commits a contravention and is liable to a fine at the relevant level set out in the Fines Schedule if he fails without reasonable excuse to comply with subsection (5).

125. Moving from administration to dissolution

(1) Where, for the purposes of Section 124(1) (Moving from administration to dissolution), the administrator of a Company sends a notice of moving from administration to dissolution to the Registrar, the administrator of the Company must attach to that notice a final progress report.

67

(2)

As soon as reasonably practicable a copy of the notice and the attached document shall be sent to all other persons who received notice of the appointment of the