)

of the application to him, and to each other relevant person, of Section 255 (Duty to cooperate with Office-holder).

The administrator of a Company shall furnish each relevant person to whom he has sent notice in accordance with this Section with the forms required for the preparation of the Statement of Affairs.

Statement of Company’s affairs

The statement of Company’s affairs must—

(a)

be verified by a statement of truth by each relevant person in accordance with the ADGM Court Procedure Rules;

(b)

be in the prescribed form, containing all the particulars required by that form;

(c)

give particulars of the Company’s property, debts and liabilities;

(d)

give the names and addresses of the Company’s creditors;

(e)

specify the security held by each creditor;

(f)

give the date on which each security was granted; and

(g)

contain such other information as may be prescribed.

In this Chapter “relevant person” means—

(a)

a person who is or has been an officer of the Company;

(b)

a person who took part in the formation of the Company during the period of one year ending with the date on which the Company enters administration;

(c)

a person employed by the Company during that period; and

(d)

a person who is or has been during that period an officer or employee of a Company which is or has been during that year an officer of the Company.

For the purpose of subsection (2) a reference to employment is a reference to employment through a contract of employment or a contract for services.

A person required to submit a Statement of Affairs must do so before the end of the period of eleven (11) days beginning with the day on which he receives notice of the requirement.

24

(5)

The administrator of a Company may—

(a)

revoke a requirement under Section 50(1) (Notice requiring Statement of Affairs); or

(b)

extend the period specified in subsection (4) (whether before or after expiry).

(6)

If the administrator of a Company refuses a request to act under subsection (5)—

(a)

the person whose request is refused may apply to the Court; and

(b)

the Court may take action of a kind specified in subsection (5).

(7)

A person commits a contravention and is liable to a fine at the relevant level set out in the Fines Schedule if he fails without reasonable excuse to comply with a requirement under Section 50(1) (Notice requiring Statement of Affairs).

52.

Verification and filing

(1)

The administrator of a Company may require any relevant person to submit a statement of concurrence in the prescribed form stating that he concurs in the Statement of Affairs. Where the administrator of a Company does so, he shall inform each person making the Statement of Affairs of that fact.

(2)

The Statement of Affairs shall be delivered by the relevant person or persons making the statement of truth, together with a copy, to the administrator of the Company. The relevant person or persons shall also deliver a copy of the Statement of Affairs to all those persons whom the administrator of the Company has required to make a statement of concurrence.

(3)

A person required to submit a statement of concurrence shall do so before the end of the period of five (5) business days (or such other period as the administrator of the Company may agree) beginning with the day on which the Statement of Affairs being concurred with is received by him.

(4)

A statement of concurrence may be qualified in respect of matters dealt with in the Statement of Affairs, where the maker of the statement of concurrence is not in agreement with the relevant person or persons, or he considers the Statement of Affairs to be erroneous or misleading, or he is without the direct knowledge necessary for concurring with it.

(5)

Every statement of concurrence shall be verified by a statement of truth and be delivered to the administrator of the Company by the person who makes it, together with a copy of it.

(6)

Subject to Section 53 (Limited disclosure), the administrator of a Company shall as soon as reasonably practicable send to the Registrar a copy of the Statement of Affairs and any statement of concurrence.

53.

Limited disclosure

(1) Where the administrator of a Company thinks that it would prejudice the conduct of the administration or might reasonably be expected to lead to violence against any person for the whole or part of the statement of the Company’s affairs to be disclosed, he