 shall do so using the prescribed form.

(2)

The Directors shall cause that statement to be laid before the creditors’ meeting and appoint one of their number to preside over the meeting.

(3)

The statement of affairs must—

(a)

be verified by a statement of truth by some or all of the Directors in accordance with the ADGM Court Procedure Rules;

(b)

be in the prescribed form;

(c)

give particulars of the Company’s property, debts and liabilities;

(d)

give the names and addresses of the Company’s creditors;

(e)

specify the security held by each creditor;

(f)

give the date on which each security was granted; and

(g)

contain such other information as may be prescribed.

(4)

If a Director fails without reasonable excuse to comply with this Section, he commits a contravention and is liable to a fine at the relevant level set out in the Fines Schedule.

234. Verification and filing

(1)

The liquidator of a Company may require any relevant person to submit a statement of concurrence in the prescribed form stating that he concurs in the Statement of Affairs. Where the liquidator of a Company does so, he shall inform each person making the Statement of Affairs of that fact.

(2)

The Statement of Affairs shall be delivered by the relevant person or persons making the statement of truth, together with a copy, to the liquidator of the Company. The relevant person or persons shall also deliver a copy of the Statement of Affairs to all those persons whom the liquidator of the Company has required to make a statement of concurrence.

(3)

A person required to submit a statement of concurrence shall do so before the end of the period of five (5) business days (or such other period as the liquidator of the Company may agree) beginning with the day on which the Statement of Affairs being concurred with is received by him.

(4)

A statement of concurrence may be qualified in respect of matters dealt with in the Statement of Affairs, where the maker of the statement of concurrence is not in agreement with the relevant person or persons, or he considers the Statement of Affairs to be erroneous or misleading, or he is without the direct knowledge necessary for concurring with it.

111

(5)

Every statement of concurrence shall be verified by a statement of truth and be delivered to the liquidator of the Company by the person who makes it, together with a copy of it.

(6)

Subject to Section 235 (Limited disclosure), the liquidator of a Company shall as soon as reasonably practicable send to the Registrar a copy of the Statement of Affairs and any statement of concurrence.

235. Limited disclosure

(1) Where the liquidator of a Company thinks that it would prejudice the conduct of the liquidation or might reasonably be expected to lead to violence against any person for the whole or part of the statement of the Company’s affairs to be disclosed, he may apply to the Court for an order of limited disclosure in respect of the statement, or any specified part of it.

(2)

The Court may, on such liquidation, order that the statement or, as the case may be, the specified part of it, shall not be filed with the Registrar.

(3)

The liquidator of a Company shall as soon as reasonably practicable send to the Registrar a copy of the order and the Statement of Affairs (to the extent provided by the order) and any statement of concurrence.

(4)

If a creditor seeks disclosure of a Statement of Affairs or a specified part of it in relation to which an order has been made under this Section, he may apply to the Court for an order that the liquidator of a Company disclose it or a specified part of it. The application shall be supported by written evidence in the form of a witness statement.

(5)

The applicant shall give the liquidator of a Company notice of his application at least three (3) business days before the hearing.

(6)

The Court may make any order for disclosure subject to any conditions as to confidentiality, duration, the scope of the order in the event of any change of circumstances, or other matters as it sees just.

(7)

If there is a material change in circumstances rendering the limit on disclosure or any part of it unnecessary, the liquidator of a Company shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after the change, apply to the Court for the order or any part of