 the Company, any of those persons who remain in office.

71

(3)

But an application may be made in reliance on subsection (2)(b) to (d) only where—

(a)

there is no creditors’ committee of the Company;

(b)

the Court is satisfied that the creditors’ committee or a remaining administrator of the Company is not taking reasonable steps to make a replacement; or

(c)

the Court is satisfied that for another reason it is right for the application to be made.

(4) Where the administrator of the Company was appointed under Section 21 (Power to appoint) the holder of the qualifying charge by virtue of which the appointment was made may replace the administrator of the Company.

(5) Where the administrator of the Company was appointed under Section 29(1) (Power to appoint) by the Company it may replace the administrator of the Company.

(6)

A replacement under subsection (5) may be made only—

(a)

with the consent of each person who is the holder of a qualifying charge in respect of the Company’s property; or

(b)

where consent is withheld, with the permission of the Court.

(7) Where the administrator of the Company was appointed under Section 29(2) (Power to appoint) the Directors of the Company may replace the administrator of the Company.

(8)

A replacement under subsection (7) may be made only—

(a)

with the consent of each person who is the holder of a qualifying charge in respect of the Company’s property; or

(b)

where consent is withheld, with the permission of the Court.

(9)

The Court may replace an administrator of the Company on the application of a person listed in subsection (2) if the Court—

(a)

is satisfied that a person who is entitled to replace the administrator of the Company under any of subsections (4), (5) or (7) is not taking reasonable steps to make a replacement; or

(b)

that for another reason it is right for the Court to make the replacement.

(10) The Court may replace an administrator of a Deed of Company Arrangement on the application of a creditor or creditors, or a liquidator or provisional liquidator, of the Company concerned.

138. Application to replace

(1) Where an application is made to the Court under Section 137(2), 137(9) or 137(10) (Supplying vacancy in office of administrator) to appoint a replacement administrator, the application shall be accompanied by a written statement containing the information prescribed in paragraph 46 of Schedule 1 by the person proposed to be the replacement administrator.

(2) Where the original administrator was appointed under an administration order, a copy of the application shall be served, in addition to those persons listed in Section 8(2) (Administration application), on the person who made the application for the administration order.

72

(3) Where the application to the Court is made under Section 137(9) (Supplying vacancy in office of administrator), the application shall be accompanied by a witness statement setting out the applicant’s belief as to the matters set out in that subsection.

(4)

Section 15 (Manner in which service to be effected) shall apply to the service of an application under Section 137(2), 137(9) or 137(10) (Supplying vacancy in office of administrator) as it applies to service in accordance with Section 13 (Service of administration application).

(5)

Sections 16 (Proof of service), 17 (Administration application to appoint specified person as administrator by holder of qualifying charge), 19 (The hearing), 20(1) and Chapter 220(2) (Notice of administration order) apply to an application under Section 137(2) or 137(9) (Supplying vacancy in office of administrator) and Sections 16 (Proof of service), 19 (The hearing) (but treating references to administrator of the Company as administrator of a Deed of Company Arrangement), 20(1) and Chapter 220(2) (Notice of administration order) apply to an application under Section 137(10) (Supplying vacancy in office of administrator).

139. Notification and advertisement of replacement administrator

(1) Where a replacement administrator is appointed, the same provisions apply in respect of giving notice of, and advertising, the replacement appointment as in the case of