 wound up.

(3)

A sum due to any member of the Company (in his character as a member) by way of dividends, profits or otherwise is not deemed to be a debt of the Company, payable to that member in a case of competition between himself and any other creditor not a member of the Company, but any such sum may be taken into account for the purpose of the final adjustment of rights of contributories among themselves.

222. Limited Company formerly unlimited

(1)

This Section applies in the case of a Company being wound up which was at some former time registered as an unlimited Company but has re-registered as a limited Company.

(2)

Notwithstanding Section 221(2)(a) (Liability to contribute of past and present members), a past or present member of the Company, who was a member of the Company at the time of re-registration, is liable to contribute to the assets of the Company in respect of debts and liabilities contracted before re-registration if the winding-up commences within the period of three (3) years beginning with the day on which the Company was re-registered.

(3)

Subject to Section 221(2)(a) (Liability to contribute of past and present members) and subsection (2) if no persons who were members of the Company at the time of reregistration are existing members of the Company, a person who at the time of re- registration was a present or past member is liable to contribute under subsection (2) notwithstanding that the existing members have satisfied the contributions required to be made by them under Section 221(2)(c) (Liability to contribute of past and present members).

(4)

There is no limit on the amount which a person who, at the time of re-registration, was a past or present member of the Company is liable to contribute as above.

223. Unlimited Company formerly limited

(1)

This Section applies in the case of a Company being wound up which was at some former time registered as a limited Company but has been re-registered as an unlimited Company.

(2)

A person who, at the time when the application for the Company to be re-registered as an unlimited Company was lodged, was a past member of the Company and did not after that again become a member of it, is not liable to contribute to the assets of the Company more than he would have been liable to contribute had the Company not been re-registered.

224. Company’s books to be evidence

Where a Company is being wound up, all books and papers of the Company and of the liquidators are, as between the contributories of the Company, prima facie evidence of the truth of all matters purporting to be recorded in them.

107

225. Distribution of Company’s property

(1)

Subject to Section 263 (Insolvency of clearing and settlement intermediaries or Recognised Bodies; client assets), the Company’s assets available for payment of general creditors shall on the winding-up be applied in satisfaction of the following liabilities in the order of priority of—

(a)

all expenses properly incurred in the winding-up in accordance with Section 226 (General rule as to priority of expenses);

(b)

any Preferential Debts of the Company in accordance with Section 227 (Preferential Debts);

(c)

the remainder of the Company’s liabilities in accordance with Section 228 (Unsecured debts of insolvent Company to rank equally); and

subject to that application, shall (unless the Articles otherwise provide) be distributed among the members according to their rights and interests in the Company.

226. General rule as to priority of expenses

(1)

The expenses of the winding-up are payable out of the assets in the following order of priority—

(a)

expenses which are properly chargeable or incurred by the provisional liquidator in carrying out the functions conferred on him by the Court;

(b)

expenses or costs which are properly chargeable or incurred by the liquidator in preserving, realising or getting in any of the assets of the Company or otherwise relating to the conduct of any legal proceedings which he has power to bring or defend whether in his own name or the name of the Company or in the preparation or conduct of any negotiations intended to lead or leading to a settlement or compromise of any legal action or dispute to which the proceedings or procedures relate;

(c)

any fees payable to the Court or to any official body in relation to the proceedings;

(d)

