 creditor and a period of three months has elapsed from the date that that member ceased to be a creditor or is found never to have been a creditor.

12.

Removal

A member of the creditors’ committee may be removed by a resolution at a meeting of creditors.

235

PART 4

MEETINGS OF COMMITTEE

13.

Meetings of committee

(1)

Subject as follows, meetings of the creditors’ committee must be held when and where determined by the Office-holder.

(2)

The Office-holder must call a first meeting of the creditors’ committee to take place within six weeks of the establishment of the creditors’ committee.

(3)

After the calling of the first meeting, the Office-holder must call a meeting—

(a)

if so requested by a member of the creditors’ committee or a member’s representative (the meeting then to be held within 21 days of the request being received by the Office-holder); and

(b)

for a specified date, if the creditors’ committee has previously resolved that a meeting be held on that date.

(4)

The Office-holder must give five business days’ notice of the venue of a meeting to every member of the creditors’ committee (or a member’s representative, if designated for that purpose), unless in any case the requirement of the notice has been waived by or on behalf of any member.

(5) Waiver may be signified either at or before the meeting.

(6) Where the Office-holder has determined that a meeting should be conducted and held in the manner referred to in paragraph 19 (Remote attendance at meetings of creditors’ committees) of Part 4 (Meetings of committee) of this Schedule, the notice period mentioned in sub-paragraph (4) is seven business days.

14.

The chairman at meetings

(1)

The chairman at a meeting of the creditors’ committee must be the Office-holder or an Appointed Person.

(2)

If within 30 minutes from the time fixed for commencement of the meeting there is no person present to act as chairman, the meeting stands adjourned to the same time and place in the following week or, if that is not a business day, to the business day immediately following.

(3)

Subject to anything to the contrary in these Regulations the meeting must be summoned and conducted in the case of—

(a)

a Company incorporated in the Abu Dhabi Global Market; or

(b)

a company incorporated outside the Abu Dhabi Global Market,

in accordance with these Regulations, including any applicable provision in or made under the Companies Regulations 2020.

(4)

The chairman of the meeting shall cause minutes of its proceedings to be entered in the minute book of the Company or company (as the case may be).

236

15.

Quorum

A meeting of the creditors’ committee is duly constituted if due notice of it has been delivered to all the members, and at least two of the members are in attendance or represented.

16.

Committee members’ representatives

(1)

A member of the creditors’ committee may, in relation to the business of the creditors’ committee, be represented by another person duly authorised by the member for that purpose.

(2)

A person acting as a committee member’s representative must hold a letter of authority entitling that person to act (either generally or specially) and authenticated by or on behalf of the committee member.

(3)

A proxy in relation to a meeting of creditors shall (unless it contains a statement to the contrary) be treated as a letter of authority to act generally authenticated by or on behalf of the committee member.

(4)

The chairman at a meeting of the creditors’ committee may call on a person claiming to act as a committee member’s representative to produce a letter of authority, and may exclude that person if it appears to the chairman that the authority is deficient.

(5)

No person may be represented by—

(a)

another member of the creditors’ committee;

(b)

a person who is at the same time representing another committee member;

(c)

a body corporate; or

(d)

a disqualified Director.

(6) Where a representative authenticates any document on behalf of a committee member the fact that the representative authenticates as a representative must be stated below the authentication.

17.

Voting rights and resolutions

(1)

At a meeting of the creditors’ committee, each member (whether the member is in attendance or is represented by a representative) has one vote; and a resolution