 interest, a registrable non- consensual right or interest or a national interest specified in a notice of a national interest registered pursuant to Chapter V;

“registrable non-consensual right or interest” means a non-consensual right or interest registrable pursuant to a declaration deposited under Article 40;

“Registrar” means, in respect of the Protocol, the person or body designated by that Protocol or appointed under Article 17(2)(b);

“regulations” means regulations made or approved by the Supervisory Authority pursuant to the Protocol;

“sale” means a transfer of ownership of an object pursuant to a contract of sale;

“secured obligation” means an obligation secured by a security interest;

“security agreement” means an agreement by which a chargor grants or agrees to grant to a chargee an interest (including an ownership interest) in or over an object to secure the performance of any existing or future obligation of the chargor or a third person;

“security interest” means an interest created by a security agreement;

“Supervisory Authority” means, in respect of the Protocol, the Supervisory Authority referred to in Article 17(1);

286

(ll)

“title reservation agreement” means an agreement for the sale of an object on terms that ownership does not pass until fulfilment of the condition or conditions stated in the agreement;

(mm) “unregistered interest” means a consensual interest or non-consensual right or interest (other than an interest to which Article 39 applies) which has not been registered, whether or not it is registrable under this Convention; and

(nn)

“writing” means a record of information (including information communicated by teletransmission) which is in tangible or other form and is capable of being reproduced in tangible form on a subsequent occasion and which indicates by reasonable means a person’s approval of the record.

— The international interest

1. certain categories of mobile equipment and associated rights.

This Convention provides for the constitution and effects of an international interest in

2. For the purposes of this Convention, an international interest in mobile equipment is an interest, constituted under Article 7, in a uniquely identifiable object of a category of such objects listed in paragraph 3 and designated in the Protocol: granted by the chargor under a security agreement;

2. For the purposes of this Convention, an international interest in mobile equipment is an interest, constituted under Article 7, in a uniquely identifiable object of a category of such objects listed in paragraph 3 and designated in the Protocol: (a)

vested in a person who is the conditional seller under a title reservation agreement; or

(c)

vested in a person who is the lessor under a leasing agreement.

An interest falling within sub-paragraph (a) does not also fall within sub-paragraph (b) or (c).

3.

The categories referred to in the preceding paragraphs are:

(a)

airframes, aircraft engines and helicopters;

(b)

railway rolling stock; and

(c)

space assets.

4. within subparagraph (a), (b) or (c) of that paragraph.

The applicable law determines whether an interest to which paragraph 2 applies falls

5.

An international interest in an object extends to proceeds of that object.

— Sphere of application

1. or providing for the international interest, the debtor is situated in a Contracting State.

This Convention applies when, at the time of the conclusion of the agreement creating

2. applicability of this Convention.

The fact that the creditor is situated in a non-Contracting State does not affect the

—Where debtor is situated

1.

For the purposes of Article 3(1), the debtor is situated in any Contracting State:

(a)

under the law of which it is incorporated or formed;

(b)

where it has its registered office or statutory seat;

287

(c)

where it has its centre of administration; or

(d)

where it has its place of business.

2. A reference in sub-paragraph (d) of the preceding paragraph to the debtor’s place of business shall, if it has more than one place of business, mean its principal place of business or, if it has no place of business, its habitual residence. — Interpretation and applicable law

In the interpretation of this Convention, regard is to be had to its purposes as set forth 1. in the preamble, to its international character and to the need to promote uniformity and predictability