4

STANDARD CONTENTS OF NOTICES ADVERTISED IN SUCH MANNER AS THE OFFICE-HOLDER THINKS FIT

11.

Contents of notices advertised in such manner as the Office-holder thinks fit

(1)

This Part 4 sets out the requirements for notices under these Regulations which may be advertised otherwise than by way of being published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(2)

Such notices must, in addition to any content specifically required by these Regulations or any other provision of these Regulations, contain the standard contents set out in this Part.

(3) Where such notices are placed by the Office-holder they must also—

(a)

identify the Office-holder; and

(b)

specify the Office-holder’s contact details.

(4)

Information which this Part 4 requires to be included in a notice may be omitted if it is not reasonably practicable to obtain it.

12.

Other advertised notices relating to a Company or an unregistered company

A notice relating to a Company or a non-Abu Dhabi Global Market Company must also identify the Company or a non-Abu Dhabi Global Market Company and state—

(a)

its principal trading address;

(b)

any name under which it was registered in the 12 months before the date of the commencement of the proceedings which are the subject of the notice; and

167

(c)

any name or style (other than its registered name) under which—

(i)

the Company or a non-Abu Dhabi Global Market Company carried on business; and

(ii)

any debt owed to a creditor was incurred.

13.

Other advertised notices - other provisions

Information which this Part 4 requires to be contained in a notice must be included in an advertisement of that notice in a way that is clear and comprehensible.

PART 5

STANDARD CONTENTS OF DOCUMENTS TO BE DELIVERED TO THE REGISTRAR ETC.

14.

Requirements of documents delivered to the Registrar

(1)

A document which these Regulations require to be delivered to the Registrar must contain the standard contents set out in this Part in addition to any content specifically required by any other provision of these Regulations.

(2)

A document of more than one nature must satisfy the requirements which apply to each.

(3)

However, the requirements in respect of a document which is to be delivered to another person at the same time as the Registrar, may be satisfied by delivering to that other person a copy of the document delivered to the Registrar.

15.

Standard contents of documents delivered to the Registrar

A document to be delivered to the Registrar must—

(a)

identify the Company or, if applicable, the non-Abu Dhabi Global Market Company;

(b)

specify—

(i)

the nature of the document;

(ii)

the Section of these Regulations, paragraph of a Schedule to these Regulations or any provision of these Regulations under which the document is delivered;

(iii)

the date of the document;

(iv)

the name and postal address of the person delivering the document; and

(v)

the capacity in which that person is acting in relation to the Company or, if applicable, the non-Abu Dhabi Global Market Company; and

(c)

be authenticated by the person delivering the document.

16.

Standard contents of documents relating to the office of Office-holders

A document relating to the office of the Office-holder must also identify the Office- holder and specify—

(a)

the date of the event of which notice is delivered;

168

17.

18.

19.

20.

21.

(b)

where the document relates to an appointment, the person making the appointment, or if the Court is making the appointment then specify that it is doing so;

(c)

where the document relates to the termination of an appointment, the reason for that termination; and

(d)

the contact details for the Office-holder.

Standard contents of documents relating to other documents

A document relating to another document must also specify—

(a)

the nature of the other document;

(b)

the date of the other document; and

(c)

where the other document relates to a period of time, the period of time to which it relates.

Standard contents of documents relating to Court orders

A document relating to a Court order must also specify—

(a)

the nature of the order; and

(b)

the date of the order.

Standard contents of returns or reports of meetings

A return or report of a meeting must also specify—

(a)

the purpose of and venue for the meeting;

(b