 an expense for the purposes of the Deed of Company Arrangement, as the case may be.

6.

Remuneration: review at request of administrator or liquidator

(1) Where, after the basis of the Office-holder’s remuneration has been fixed, there is a material and substantial change in the circumstances which were taken into account in fixing it, the Office-holder may request that it be changed.

(2)

The request must be made—

(a)

where the creditors’ committee fixed the basis, to the creditors’ committee;

(b)

where the creditors fixed the basis, to the creditors;

(c)

where the Court fixed the basis, by application to the Court; and

(d)

where, remuneration was determined under paragraph 3(9) (Remuneration: procedure for initial determination) of this Schedule, to the Liquidation Committee or creditors’ committee if there is one and otherwise to the creditors;

in a winding-up,

the

and the preceding provisions of this Schedule apply as appropriate.

(3) Where paragraph 4 (Remuneration: recourse by administrator or liquidator to creditors) is applied in accordance with sub-paragraph (2), ignore the words in paragraph 4(1)(c) (Remuneration: recourse by administrator or liquidator to creditors), “and the administrator had not subsequently requested an increase under this paragraph”.

(4)

Any change in the basis for remuneration applies from the date of the request under sub-paragraph (2) and not for any earlier period.

7.

Remuneration: new administrator or liquidator

If a new administrator or liquidator (including in a members’ voluntary winding-up) is appointed in place of another, any determination, resolution or Court order in effect under the preceding provisions of this Schedule immediately before the former Office- holder ceased to hold office continues to apply in relation to the remuneration of the new Office-holder until a further determination, resolution or Court order is made in accordance with those provisions.

8.

Remuneration: apportionment of set fees

(1)

In a case (including in a members’ voluntary winding-up) in which the basis of the Office-holder’s remuneration is a set amount under paragraph 2(2)(c) (Remuneration: principles) of this Schedule and the former Office-holder ceases (for whatever reason) to hold office before the time has elapsed or the work has been completed in respect of which the amount was set, application may be made for determination of what portion of the amount should be paid to the former Office-holder or the former Office- holder’s personal representative in respect of the time which has actually elapsed or the work which has actually been done.

269

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

Application may be made—

(a)

by former Office-holder’s personal the representative within the period of 28 days beginning with the date upon which the former Office-holder ceased to hold office; or

the

former Office-holder or

(b)

by the Office-holder for the time being in office if the former Office-holder or the former Office-holder’s personal representative has not applied by the end of that period.

Application must be made—

(a)

where the creditors’ committee fixed the basis, to the creditors’ committee;

(b)

where the creditors fixed the basis, to the creditors for a resolution determining the portion;

(c)

where the Company in general meeting fixed the basis, to the Company for a resolution determining the portion; or

(d)

where the Court fixed the basis, to the Court for an order determining the portion.

The applicant must deliver a copy of the application to the Office-holder for the time being or to the former Office-holder or the former Office-holder’s personal representative, as the case may be (“the recipient”).

The recipient may, within 21 days of receipt of the copy of the application, deliver notice of intent to—

(a)

make representations to—

(i)

the creditors’ committee;

(ii)

the creditors; or

(iii)

the Company in general meeting; or

(b)

appear or be represented before the Court, as the case may be.

No determination may be made upon the application until expiry of the 21 days referred to in sub-paragraph (5) or, if the recipient does deliver notice of intent in accordance with that sub-paragraph, until the recipient has been afforded the opportunity