(a)

receive as an expense of the Insolvency Proceedings a payment for services given or goods supplied in connection with the administration of the insolvent estate;

(b)

obtain a profit from the administration of the Company’s assets; or

(c)

acquire an asset forming part of the insolvent estate.

241

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

25.

(1)

(2)

(3)

26.

However such a transaction may be entered into—

(a)

with the prior sanction of the Liquidation Committee, where it is satisfied (after disclosure of the circumstances) that the person will be giving full value in the transaction;

(b)

with the prior permission of the Court; or

(c)

if that person does so as a matter of urgency, or by way of performance of a contract in force before the start of the Insolvency Proceedings, and that person obtains the Court’s permission for the transaction, having applied for it without undue delay.

Neither a member nor a representative of a member who is to participate directly or indirectly in a transaction may vote on a resolution to sanction that transaction.

The Court may, on the application of a person interested—

(a)

set aside a transaction on the ground that it has been entered into in contravention of this paragraph; and

(b)

make such other order about the transaction as it thinks just, including an order requiring a person to whom this paragraph applies to account for any profit obtained from the transaction and compensate the insolvent estate for any resultant loss.

The Court will not make an order under the previous sub-paragraph in respect of an associate of a member of the Liquidation Committee or of a member’s representative, if satisfied that the associate or representative entered into the relevant transaction without having any reason to suppose that in doing so the associate or representative would contravene this paragraph.

The costs of an application to the Court for permission under this paragraph do not fall on the insolvent estate, unless the Court so orders.

Dealings by committee members and others: administration and administrative receivership

This paragraph applies in an administration and administrative receivership.

Membership of the creditors’ committee does not prevent a person from dealing with the Company provided that a transaction in the course of such dealings is in good faith and for value.

The Court may, on the application of an interested person—

(a)

set aside a transaction which appears to it to be contrary to this paragraph; and

(b)

make such other order about the transaction as it thinks just including an order requiring a person to whom this paragraph applies to account for any profit obtained from the transaction and compensate the Company for any resultant loss.

Formal defects

The acts of the creditors’ committee are valid notwithstanding any defect in the appointment, election or qualifications of a member of the creditors’ committee or a member’s representative or in the formalities of its establishment.

242

27. Winding-up by the Court - functions of committee

If for the time being there is no Liquidation Committee in a winding-up of a Company by the Court the functions of the Liquidation Committee are vested in the Registrar.

PART 7

WINDING-UP BY THE COURT - ADMINISTRATION FOLLOWED BY WINDING-UP

28.

Application of Part

This Part applies where a winding-up order has been made by the Court upon the application of the administrator under Section 113 (Court ending administration on application of administrator) and—

(a)

the Court makes a winding-up order in the circumstances described in Section 210(3) (Appointment of provisional liquidator or of liquidator following administration) appointing the administrator as the liquidator;

(b)

a creditors’ committee was established in the administration under Section 72 (Creditors’ committee);

(c)

at the date of the winding-up order the creditors’ committee has at least three, but no more than five, members.

29.

Continuation of creditors’ committee

The creditors’ committee is deemed to have been established under Section 72 (Creditors’ Committee) and—

(a)

no action may be taken under Section 230 (Liquidation committee) to establish any other Liquidation Committee;

(b)

pending the issue of a certificate of continuance (as referred to in paragraph 30 (Certificate of continuance) of Part 7 (Winding-up by the Court - administration followed by winding-up) of this Schedule), the creditors’ committee is suspended and cannot act.

30.

Certificate