 required to deliver a notice by Section 56(5) (Administrator’s proposals).

PART 5

REQUISITIONED MEETINGS

Requisition of meetings

In this Part, “requisitioned meeting” means a meeting requested under Section 61(7) (Requirement for initial creditors’ meeting), Section 71(1) (Further creditors’ meetings) or Section 90(1)(b) (Meeting of creditors to consider variation or termination).

A request for a meeting under Section 61(7) (Requirement for initial creditors’ meeting) must be delivered within eight (8) business days of the date on which the administrator’s statement of proposals is delivered.

The request for a requisitioned meeting must include a statement of the purpose of the proposed meeting and—

(a)

either—

(i)

a statement of the requesting creditor’s claim or contributory’s value;

(ii)

a list of the creditors or contributories concurring with the request and of the amounts of their respective claims or values; and

(iii)

confirmation of concurrence from each creditor or contributory concurring; or

(b)

a statement of the requesting creditor’s debt or contributory’s value and that that alone is sufficient without the concurrence of other creditors or contributories.

In the preceding sub-paragraph, a contributory’s value is the amount which the contributory may vote at any meeting.

A meeting must be summoned for the removal of the liquidator, other than a liquidator appointed by the Court under Section 197(2) (Court’s power to control proceedings), if twenty-five (25)% in value of the Company’s creditors, excluding those who are Connected Persons of the Company, request it.

214

(6) Where a meeting under sub-paragraph (5) or any meeting for the replacement of a liquidator appointed under Section 197(2) (Court’s power to control proceedings) is to be held, or is proposed to be summoned, the Court may, on the application of any creditor, give directions as to the mode of summoning it, the delivery of blank proxies and of proxies, the conduct of the meeting, and any other matter which appears to the Court to require regulation or control.

(7)

A requisitioned meeting must be held within 28 days of the date on which one of the events specified in paragraph 14(2) (Expenses of requisitioned meetings) of Part 5 (Requisitioned meetings) of this Schedule first occurs.

14.

Expenses of requisitioned meetings

(1)

The convener must, not later than twenty-one (21) days of receipt of a request for a requisitioned meeting, inform the requesting creditor or contributory of the sum to be deposited as security for payment of the expenses of summoning and holding the meeting.

(2)

The convener is not obliged to summon a requisitioned meeting until either—

(a)

the convener has received the required sum; or

(b)

the period of twenty-one (21) days has expired without the convener having informed the requesting creditor or contributory of the sum required to be deposited as security.

(3)

The expenses of a requisitioned meeting must be paid out of the deposit (if any) unless—

(a)

the meeting resolves that they are to be payable out of the assets of the Company as an expense of the administration or winding-up, as the case may be; and

(b)

in the case of a meeting of contributories, the creditors are first paid in full, with interest.

(4) Where the meeting does not so resolve, the expenses must be paid by the requesting

creditor or contributory to the extent that the deposit (if any) is not sufficient.

(5)

To the extent that the deposit (if any) is not required for payment of the expenses, it must be repaid to the requesting creditor or contributory.

PART 6

CONSTITUTION OF MEETINGS

15.

Quorum at meeting of creditors or contributories

(1)

A meeting of creditors or contributories is not competent to act unless a quorum is in attendance.

(2)

A quorum is—

(a)

in the case of a meeting of creditors, at least one creditor entitled to vote; and

(b)

in the case of a meeting of contributories, at least two contributories