 set out in Article 15.

— Relief pending final determination

1. Subject to any declaration that it may make under Article 55, a Contracting State shall ensure that a creditor who adduces evidence of default by the debtor may, pending final determination of its claim and to the extent that the debtor has at any time so agreed, obtain from a court speedy relief in the form of such one or more of the following orders as the creditor requests: preservation of the object and its value;

1. Subject to any declaration that it may make under Article 55, a Contracting State shall ensure that a creditor who adduces evidence of default by the debtor may, pending final determination of its claim and to the extent that the debtor has at any time so agreed, obtain from a court speedy relief in the form of such one or more of the following orders as the creditor requests: (a)

(b)

possession, control or custody of the object;

(c)

immobilisation of the object; and

lease or, except where covered by sub-paragraphs (a) to (c), management of the object and the income therefrom.

2. as it considers necessary to protect the interested persons in the event that the creditor:

In making any order under the preceding paragraph, the court may impose such terms

(a)

in implementing any order granting such relief, fails to perform any of its obligations to the debtor under this Convention or the Protocol; or

290

(b)

fails to establish its claim, wholly or in part, on the final determination of that claim.

3. request to be given to any of the interested persons.

Before making any order under paragraph 1, the court may require notice of the

4. forms of interim relief other than those set out in paragraph 1.

Nothing in this Article affects the application of Article 8(3) or limits the availability of

— Procedural requirements

Subject to Article 54(2), any remedy provided by this Chapter shall be exercised in conformity with the procedure prescribed by the law of the place where the remedy is to be exercised.

— Derogation

In their relations with each other, any two or more of the parties referred to in this Chapter may at any time, by agreement in writing, derogate from or vary the effect of any of the preceding provisions of this Chapter except Articles 8(3) to (6), 9(3) and (4), 13(2) and 14.

Chapter IV

The international registration system

— The International Registry

1.

An International Registry shall be established for registrations of:

(a)

international interests, prospective international interests and registrable non- consensual rights and interests;

(b)

assignments and prospective assignments of international interests;

(c)

acquisitions of international interests by legal or contractual subrogations under the applicable law;

(d)

notices of national interests; and

(e)

subordinations of interests referred to in any of the preceding sub-paragraphs.

2. and associated rights.

Different international registries may be established for different categories of object

3. appropriate, an amendment, extension or discharge of a registration.

For the purposes of this Chapter and Chapter V, the term “registration” includes, where

— The Supervisory Authority and the Registrar

1.

There shall be a Supervisory Authority as provided by the Protocol.

2.

The Supervisory Authority shall:

(a)

establish or provide for the establishment of the International Registry;

(b)

except as otherwise provided by the Protocol, appoint and dismiss the Registrar;

(c)

ensure that any rights required for the continued effective operation of the International Registry in the event of a change of Registrar will vest in or be assignable to the new Registrar;

291

(d)

after consultation with the Contracting States, make or approve and ensure the publication of regulations pursuant to the Protocol dealing with the operation of the International Registry;

(e)

establish administrative procedures through which complaints concerning the operation of the International Registry can be made to the Supervisory Authority;

(f)

supervise the Registrar and the operation of the International Registry;

(g)

at the request of the Registrar, provide such guidance to the Registrar as the Supervisory Authority thinks fit;

(h)

set and periodically review the structure of fees to be charged for the services and facilities of the International Registry;

(i)

do all things necessary to ensure that an efficient notice-based electronic registration system exists to implement the objectives of this Convention and the