 may be represented by—

(a)

another member of the creditors’ committee;

(b)

a person who is at the same time representing another committee member;

(c)

a body corporate; or

(d)

a disqualified Director.

(6) Where a representative authenticates any document on behalf of a committee member the fact that the representative authenticates as a representative must be stated below the authentication.

17.

Voting rights and resolutions

(1)

At a meeting of the creditors’ committee, each member (whether the member is in attendance or is represented by a representative) has one vote; and a resolution is passed when a majority of the members attending or represented have voted in favour of it.

(2)

Every resolution passed must be recorded in writing and authenticated by the chairman, either separately or as part of the minutes of the meeting, and the record must be kept with the records of the Insolvency Proceedings and the minute book of the Company or company (as the case may be).

18.

Resolutions by correspondence

(1)

The Office-holder may seek to obtain the agreement of the members of the creditors’ committee to a resolution by delivering to every member (or the member’s representative designated for the purpose) a copy of the proposed resolution in accordance with this paragraph 18.

(2)

The Office-holder must deliver to each member of the creditors’ committee or the member’s representative (as the case may be) a copy of the proposed resolution.

237

(3)

The resolution must be set out in such a way that the recipient may indicate agreement or dissent on the copy and, where there is more than one resolution, may indicate agreement or dissent from each one separately.

(4)

A member of the creditors’ committee may, within seven business days from the delivery of a resolution, require the Office-holder to summon a meeting of the creditors’ committee to consider the matters raised by the resolution.

(5)

In the absence of such a request, the resolution is passed by the creditors’ committee if a majority of the members deliver notice to the Office-holder that they agree with the resolution.

(6)

A copy of every resolution passed under this paragraph 18, and a note that the agreement of the creditors’ committee was obtained, must be kept with the records of the Insolvency Proceedings.

19.

Remote attendance at meetings of creditors’ committees

(1)

This paragraph applies to a meeting of a creditors’ committee held under these Regulations.

(2) Where the Office-holder considers it appropriate, the meeting may be conducted and held in such a way that persons who are not present together at the same place may attend it.

(3)

A person attends such a meeting who is able to exercise that person’s right to speak and vote at the meeting.

(4)

A person is able to exercise the right to speak at a meeting when that person is in a position to communicate during the meeting to all those attending the meeting, any information or opinions which that person has on the business of the meeting.

(5)

A person is able to exercise the right to vote at a meeting when—

(a)

that person is able to vote during the meeting on resolutions or determinations put to the vote at that meeting; and

(b)

that person’s vote can be taken into account in determining whether or not such resolutions or determinations are passed at the same time as the votes of all the other persons attending the meeting.

(6) Where such a meeting is to be held, the Office-holder must make whatever

arrangements the Office-holder considers appropriate to—

(a)

enable those attending the meeting to exercise their rights to speak or vote; and

(b)

ensure the identification of those attending the meeting and the security of any electronic means used to enable attendance.

(7)

A requirement in this Schedule to specify a place for the meeting may be satisfied by specifying the arrangements the Office-holder proposes to enable persons to exercise their rights to speak or vote where in the reasonable opinion of the Office-holder—

(a)

a meeting will be attended by persons who will not be present together at the same place; and

(b)

it is unnecessary or inexpedient to specify a place for the meeting.

238

(8)

In making the arrangements referred to in sub-paragraph (6) and in forming the opinion referred to in sub-paragraph (7)(b), the Office-holder must have regard to the legitimate interests of the committee members or their representatives attending the meeting in the