 means Schedule 9 (Contraventions’), as such Schedule may be amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time.

“floating charge” means a charge which is a floating charge on its creation.

“foreign main proceeding” means a foreign proceeding taking place in a jurisdiction other than the Abu Dhabi Global Market where the debtor has the centre of its main interests.

“foreign proceeding” has the meaning given in Schedule 10 (Application of UNCITRAL Model Law).

“foreign representative” has the meaning given in Schedule 10 (Application of UNCITRAL Model Law).

“general meeting” means a meeting of members of a Company.

“hire-purchase agreement” includes a conditional sale agreement, a chattel leasing agreement and a retention of title agreement,

“holder of a qualifying charge” in respect of a Company’s property has the meaning given in Section 21 (Power to appoint).

“in administration” has the meaning given by Section 1(2)(a) (Administration).

“insolvency law of the Abu Dhabi Global Market” means these Regulations as extended or applied by or under any other enactment, regulations or rules (excluding these Regulations).

“insolvency practitioner” has the meaning given under Section 290 (Qualification and registration of insolvency practitioners).

144

“Insolvency Proceedings” means, as the context requires, any of the following procedures or proceedings—

(a)

under these Regulations—

(i)

winding-up;

(ii)

provisional liquidation;

(iii)

administrative receivership;

(iv)

receivership;

(v)

administration or, in the case of Part 7 (Financial Markets and Netting), the making of an interim order on an administration application or out of Court administration interim period; and

(vi)

a Deed of Company Arrangement being in force; and

(b)

for the purposes of Part 7 (Financial Markets and Netting) of the Regulations only, any of the procedures or proceedings described in paragraph (a) and any other procedure or proceeding under any provision of law relating to liquidation, reorganisation, bankruptcy, composition with creditors, receivership or any other similar procedures or proceedings.

“insolvent estate” means the Company’s property.

“insolvent party” is the party in relation to which an Insolvency Proceeding under the laws of the Abu Dhabi Global Market has been instituted.

“Interpretation Regulations 2015” means the Interpretation Regulations 2015, as enacted by the Board.

“last date for proving” has the meaning given in paragraph 32 (Content of notice) of Part 4 (Distributions to creditors) of Schedule 5 (Proofs and Distribution).

“legislation” includes regulations or rules made under legislation.

“level” when used to describe the quantum of any fine imposed under these Regulations is a reference to the fine levels set out in Schedule 9 (Contraventions) by reference to any standard fines schedule or scale set out in an enactment or in subordinate legislation.

“liability” has the meaning given in Section 299 (Meaning of “liability”, “into liquidation” and “into insolvent liquidation” and “in administration”, “enters administration” and “enters insolvent administration”) of this Part 11 (General).

“Limited Liability Partnership” means a limited liability partnership, as regulated by rules and regulations adopted by the Board.

“Limited Liability Partnership Agreement” means the incorporation document as defined in the Limited Liability Partnerships Regulations or any other agreement among the members of a Limited Liability Partnership.

“Limited Liability Partnerships Regulations” means any rules and regulations issued from time to time by the Board regulating limited liability partnerships.

“Liquidation Committee” means a creditors’ committee appointed in accordance with Section 230 (Liquidation committee).

145

“liquidator” includes, where the context allows, a liquidator appointed provisionally.

“market value” means the amount which would be realised on a sale of property in the open market by a willing vendor.

“member”, in respect of a Company, has the meaning given in the Companies Regulations 2020.

“members’ voluntary winding-up” means a winding-up in which a Director’s declaration has been made in accordance with Section 175 (Declaration of solvency).

“netting” means the occurrence of any or all of the following—

(a)

the termination, liquidation or acceleration of any payment or delivery obligations or entitlements or obligations or