ency made in support of voluntary winding up (Section 175(1))

The declaration of solvency required by Section 175 (Declaration of solvency) must identify the Company and state—

(a)

the name and address for each director making the declaration;

(b)

either—

(i)

that all of the directors, or

(ii)

that a majority of the directors

have made a full inquiry into the Company’s affairs and that, having done so, they have formed the opinion that the Company will be able to pay its debts in full together with interest at the official interest rate within a specified period (which must not exceed 12 months) from the commencement of the winding up; and

(c)

that the declaration is accompanied by a statement of the Company’s assets and liabilities as at a date which is stated.

The statement of the Company’s assets and liabilities must contain—

(a)

the date of the statement;

(b)

a statement that the statement shows the assets of the Company at estimated realisable values and liabilities of the Company expected to rank as at the date referred to in subparagraph (1)(c);

(c)

a summary of the assets of the Company, setting out the estimated realisable value of—

(i)

any assets subject to a fixed charge,

(ii)

any assets subject to a floating charge,

(iii)

any uncharged assets; and

(iv)

the total value of all the assets available to preferential creditors;

(d)

the value of each of the following secured liabilities of the Company expected to rank for payment—

(i)

liabilities secured on specific assets, and

(ii)

liabilities secured by floating charges;

(e)

a summary of the unsecured liabilities of the Company expected to rank for payment;

(f)

the estimated costs of the winding up and other expenses;

(g)

the estimated amount of interest accruing until payment of debts in full; and

184

(h)

the estimated value of any surplus after paying debts in full together with interest at the official rate.

185

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

(10)

(11)

(12)

(13)

(14)

(15)

(16)

(17)

(18)

(19)

SCHEDULE 2

POWERS OF THE ADMINISTRATOR

Power to take possession of, collect and get in the property of the Company and, for that purpose, to take such proceedings as may seem to him expedient.

Power to sell or otherwise dispose of the property of the Company by public auction or private contract or, to sell, hire out or otherwise dispose of the property of the Company by public group or private bargain.

Power to raise or borrow money and grant security therefor over the property of the Company.

Power to appoint a solicitor or legal representative or accountant or other professionally qualified person, in each case who is licensed under the Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015 as such, to assist him in the performance of his functions.

Power to bring or defend any action or other legal proceedings in the name and on behalf of the Company.

Power to refer to arbitration any question affecting the Company.

Power to effect and maintain insurances in respect of the business and property of the Company.

Power to use the Company’s seal.

Power to do all acts and to execute in the name and on behalf of the Company any deed, receipt or other document.

Power to draw, accept, make and endorse any bill of exchange or promissory note in the name and on behalf of the Company.

Power to appoint any agent to do any business which he is unable to do himself or which can more conveniently be done by an agent and power to employ and dismiss employees.

Power to do all such things (including the carrying out of works) as may be necessary for the realisation of the property of the Company.

Power to make any payment which is necessary or incidental to the performance of his functions.

Power to carry on the business of the Company.

Power to establish subsidiaries of the Company.

Power to transfer to subsidiaries of the Company the whole or any part of the business and property of the Company.

Power to grant or accept a surrender of a lease or other real property interest of the Company, and to take a lease or other real property interest required or convenient for the business of the Company.

Power to make any arrangement or compromise on behalf of the Company.

Power to call up any unc