(4) Where a dividend is to be declared for preferential creditors—

(a)

a notice under sub-paragraph (1) need only be delivered to creditors whose debts the Office-holder has reason to believe are preferential; and

(b)

a notice under sub-paragraph (1) need only be delivered if the Office-holder thinks fit.

32.

Content of notice

A notice under sub-paragraph 31(1) or 31(3) (Notice of intention to declare a dividend) of Part 4 (Distributions to creditors) of this Schedule must, in addition to the standard contents—

(a)

specify a date (“the last date for proving”) by which proofs may be delivered which must be—

(i)

the same date for all creditors; and

(ii)

not less than 21 days from the date of notice;

(b)

state that it is the intention of the Office-holder to make a distribution to creditors within the period of two months from the last date for proving;

(c)

specify whether the proposed dividend is interim or final;

(d)

specify the place to which proofs must be delivered;

(e)

in the case of an administration, state that it is the intention of the administrator to make a distribution to creditors within the period of two months from the last date for proving;

(f)

in the case of a winding-up, state that it is the intention of the Office-holder to declare a dividend within a period of two months from the last date for proving; and

(g)

in the case of a members’ voluntary winding-up, where the distribution is to be a sole or final distribution, state that the dividend may be distributed without regard to the claim of any person in respect of a debt not proved.

33.

Postponement or cancellation of dividend

If in the period of two months referred to in paragraph 32(b) (Content of notice) of Part 4 (Distributions to creditors) of this Schedule—

(a)

the Office-holder has rejected a proof in whole or in part and application is made to the Court for that decision to be reversed or varied; or

(b)

application is made to the Court for the Office-holder’s decision on a proof to be reversed or varied, or for a proof to be excluded, or for a reduction of the amount claimed,

the Office-holder may postpone or cancel the dividend.

34.

Admission or rejection of proofs

(1)

Unless the Office-holder has already dealt with them, the Office-holder must, within five (5) business days of the last date for proving—

(a)

admit or reject (in whole or in part) proofs delivered to the Office-holder; or

204

(b)

make such provision in relation to them as the Office-holder thinks fit.

(2)

The Office-holder is not obliged to deal with proofs delivered after the last date for proving, but the Office-holder may do so, if the Office-holder thinks fit.

(3)

In the declaration of a dividend no payment must be made more than once by virtue of the same debt.

35.

Declaration of dividend

(1)

If the Office-holder has not had cause to postpone or cancel the dividend in the two month period referred to in paragraphs 32(e) or (f) (Content of notice) of Part 4 (Distributions to creditors) of this Schedule, the Office-holder must within that period proceed to declare the dividend to one or more classes of creditors of which the Office- holder gave notice.

(2)

Except with the permission of the Court, the Office-holder must not declare a dividend so long as there is pending any application to the Court to reverse or vary a decision of the Office-holder on a proof, or to exclude a proof or to reduce the amount claimed.

(3)

If the Court gives permission under sub-paragraph (2), the Office-holder must make such provision in relation to the proof as the Court directs.

36.

Notice of declaration of a dividend

(1) Where the Office-holder declares a dividend the Office-holder must deliver notice of that fact to, subject to sub-paragraph (3), all creditors who have proved for their debts.

(2)

The notice must include the following particulars relating to the Insolvency Proceedings—

(a)

amounts raised from the sale of assets, indicating (so far as practicable) amounts raised by the sale of particular assets;

(b)

payments made by the Office-holder in carrying out the Office-holder