 it has its centre of administration; or

(d)

where it has its place of business.

2. A reference in sub-paragraph (d) of the preceding paragraph to the debtor’s place of business shall, if it has more than one place of business, mean its principal place of business or, if it has no place of business, its habitual residence. — Interpretation and applicable law

In the interpretation of this Convention, regard is to be had to its purposes as set forth 1. in the preamble, to its international character and to the need to promote uniformity and predictability in its application.

2. Questions concerning matters governed by this Convention which are not expressly settled in it are to be settled in conformity with the general principles on which it is based or, in the absence of such principles, in conformity with the applicable law. References to the applicable law are to the domestic rules of the law applicable by

3. virtue of the rules of private international law of the forum State.

4. Where a State comprises several territorial units, each of which has its own rules of law in respect of the matter to be decided, and where there is no indication of the relevant territorial unit, the law of that State decides which is the territorial unit whose rules shall govern. In the absence of any such rule, the law of the territorial unit with which the case is most closely connected shall apply. — Relationship between the Convention and the Protocol

1. instrument.

This Convention and the Protocol shall be read and interpreted together as a single

2. Protocol shall prevail

To the extent of any inconsistency between this Convention and the Protocol, the

Chapter II

Constitution of an international interest

— Formal requirements

An interest is constituted as an international interest under this Convention where the agreement creating or providing for the interest:

(a)

is in writing;

(b)

relates to an object of which the chargor, conditional seller or lessor has power to dispose;

(c)

enables the object to be identified in conformity with the Protocol; and

(d)

in the case of a security agreement, enables the secured obligations to be determined, but without the need to state a sum or maximum sum secured.

288

Chapter III

Default remedies

— Remedies of chargee

1. In the event of default as provided in Article 11, the chargee may, to the extent that the chargor has at any time so agreed and subject to any declaration that may be made by a Contracting State under Article 54, exercise any one or more of the following remedies: (a)

1. In the event of default as provided in Article 11, the chargee may, to the extent that the chargor has at any time so agreed and subject to any declaration that may be made by a Contracting State under Article 54, exercise any one or more of the following remedies: take possession or control of any object charged to it;

(b)

sell or grant a lease of any such object;

collect or receive any income or profits arising from the management or use of any such object.

2. the acts referred to in the preceding paragraph.

The chargee may alternatively apply for a court order authorising or directing any of

3. Any remedy set out in sub-paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of paragraph 1 or by Article 13 shall be exercised in a commercially reasonable manner. A remedy shall be deemed to be exercised in a commercially reasonable manner where it is exercised in conformity with a provision of the security agreement except where such a provision is manifestly unreasonable. A chargee proposing to sell or grant a lease of an object under paragraph 1 shall give

4. reasonable prior notice in writing of the proposed sale or lease to:

(a)

interested persons specified in Article 1(m)(i) and (ii); and

(b)

interested persons specified in Article 1(m)(iii) who have given notice of their rights to the chargee within a reasonable time prior to the sale or lease.

Any sum collected or received by the chargee as a result of exercise of any of the 5. remedies set out in paragraph 1 or 2 shall be applied towards discharge of the amount of the secured obligations.

6. Where the sums collected or received by the chargee as a result of the exercise of any remedy set out in paragraph 1 or 2 exceed the amount secured by the security interest and any