 of the meeting—

(i)

that it is to be held at a specified place; and

(ii)

as to whether the date and time are to remain the same or not;

(b)

set a venue (including specification of a place) for the meeting, the date of which must be not later than 28 days after the original date for the meeting; and

(c)

deliver at least 14 days’ notice of that venue to all those previously given notice of the meeting,

and the notices required by sub-paragraphs (a) and (c) may be delivered at the same or different times.

(5) Where the convener has specified a place for the meeting in response to a request to which this paragraph applies, the chairman of the meeting must attend the meeting by being present in person at that place.

(6)

Paragraph 14 (Expenses of requisitioned meetings) of Part 5 (Requisitioned meetings) of this Schedule does not apply to the summoning and holding of a meeting at a place specified in accordance with paragraph 18 (Remote attendance at meetings) of Part 6 (Constitution of meetings) of this Schedule.

218

20.

(1)

(2)

(3)

21.

22.

23.

(1)

(2)

(3)

PART 7

ADJOURNMENT AND SUSPENSION

Adjournment by chairman

The chairman may (and must if it is so resolved) adjourn for not more than 14 days—

(a)

any meeting of creditors in administration or where there is a Deed of Company Arrangement, but subject to the direction of the Court;

(b)

any meeting in a creditors’ voluntary winding up or a compulsory winding-up where the adjournment is with a view to obtaining the attendance of any person referred to in Section 255(2)(a) to (e) (Duty to co-operate with Office-holder) who is not in attendance; and

(c)

any other meeting in a creditors’ voluntary winding-up or a compulsory winding- up, but subject to the direction of the Court and to paragraph 22 (Adjournment of meetings to remove a liquidator) of Part 7 (Adjournment and suspension) of this Schedule.

Further adjournment under this Schedule must not be to a day later than 14 days after the date on which the meeting was originally held (subject to any direction by the Court).

If a meeting is adjourned, the chairman must, as soon as reasonably practicable, unless for any reason the chairman thinks it unnecessary or impracticable, deliver notice of the adjournment in an insolvent or compulsory winding-up, to any such person referred to in Section 255(2)(a) to (e) (Duty to co-operate with Office-holder) who did not attend the meeting as the chairman thinks fit.

Administrator’s proposals: lack of majority at initial creditors meeting

If at an initial creditors’ meeting there is not the requisite majority for approval of the administrator’s proposals (with modifications, if any), the chairman may, and must if a resolution is passed to that effect, adjourn the meeting for not more than 14 days after the date on which the initial creditors’ meeting was held (subject to any direction by the Court).

Adjournment of meetings to remove a liquidator

If the chairman of a meeting to remove the liquidator in a creditors’ voluntary winding- up or a compulsory winding-up is the liquidator or the liquidator’s nominee and a resolution has been proposed for the liquidator’s removal, the chairman must not adjourn the meeting without the consent of at least one-half (in value) of the creditors attending and entitled to vote.

Adjournment in absence of chairman

This paragraph applies to meetings in an administration where there is a Deed of Company Arrangement, a creditors’ voluntary winding-up or a compulsory winding-up.

If no one attends to act as chairman within 30 minutes of the time fixed for the meeting to start, then the meeting is adjourned to the same time and place the following week or, if that is not a business day, to the business day immediately following.

If on the second adjournment no one attends to act as chairman within 30 minutes then the meeting comes to an end.

219

24.

25.

26.

(1)

(2)

(3)

Proofs