 dealing with the operation of the International Registry;

(e)

establish administrative procedures through which complaints concerning the operation of the International Registry can be made to the Supervisory Authority;

(f)

supervise the Registrar and the operation of the International Registry;

(g)

at the request of the Registrar, provide such guidance to the Registrar as the Supervisory Authority thinks fit;

(h)

set and periodically review the structure of fees to be charged for the services and facilities of the International Registry;

(i)

do all things necessary to ensure that an efficient notice-based electronic registration system exists to implement the objectives of this Convention and the Protocol; and

(j)

report periodically to Contracting States concerning the discharge of its obligations under this Convention and the Protocol.

3. of its functions, including any agreement referred to in Article 27(3).

The Supervisory Authority may enter into any agreement requisite for the performance

4. archives of the International Registry.

The Supervisory Authority shall own all proprietary rights in the data bases and

5. perform the functions assigned to it by this Convention, the Protocol and the regulations.

The Registrar shall ensure the efficient operation of the International Registry and

Chapter V

Other matters relating to registration

— Registration requirements

1. the identification of the object:

The Protocol and regulations shall specify the requirements, including the criteria for

(a)

for effecting a registration (which shall include provision for prior electronic transmission of any consent from any person whose consent is required under Article 20);

(b)

for making searches and issuing search certificates, and, subject thereto;

(c)

the for ensuring the confidentiality of information and documents of International Registry other than information and documents relating to a registration.

2. under Article 20 has in fact been given or is valid.

The Registrar shall not be under a duty to enquire whether a consent to registration

3. Where an interest registered as a prospective international interest becomes an international interest, no further registration shall be required provided that the registration information is sufficient for a registration of an international interest.

292

4. The Registrar shall arrange for registrations to be entered into the International Registry data base and made searchable in chronological order of receipt, and the file shall record the date and time of receipt.

5. The Protocol may provide that a Contracting State may designate an entity or entities in its territory as the entry point or entry points through which the information required for registration shall or may be transmitted to the International Registry. A Contracting State making such a designation may specify the requirements, if any, to be satisfied before such information is transmitted to the International Registry. —Validity and time of registration

1.

A registration shall be valid only if made in conformity with Article 20.

2. International Registry data base so as to be searchable.

A registration, if valid, shall be complete upon entry of the required information into the

3. time when:

A registration shall be searchable for the purposes of the preceding paragraph at the

(a)

the International Registry has assigned to it a sequentially ordered file number; and

(b)

the registration information, including the file number, is stored in durable form and may be accessed at the International Registry.

4. If an interest first registered as a prospective international interest becomes an international interest, that international interest shall be treated as registered from the time of registration of the prospective international interest provided that the registration was still current immediately before the international interest was constituted as provided by Article 7. The preceding paragraph applies with necessary modifications to the registration of a

5. prospective assignment of an international interest.

6. the criteria prescribed by the Protocol.

A registration shall be searchable in the International Registry data base according to

— Consent to registration

1. An international interest, a prospective international interest or an assignment or prospective assignment of an international interest may be registered, and any such registration amended or extended prior to its expiry, by either party with the consent in writing of the other.

2. The subordination of an international interest to another international interest may be registered by or with the consent in writing at any time of the person whose interest has been subordinated. A registration may be discharged by or with the consent in writing of the party in whose

3. favour it was made.

4. registered by the subrogee.

The acquisition of an international interest by legal or contractual subrogation may be

5.

A registrable non-consensual right or interest may be registered by the holder thereof.

6.

A notice of a