 means a person authorised to administer insolvency proceedings, including one authorised on an interim basis, and includes a debtor in possession if permitted by the applicable insolvency law;

“insolvency proceedings” means liquidation, bankruptcy, sequestration or other collective interim proceedings, in which the assets and affairs of the debtor are subject to control or supervision by a court (or liquidation committee);

judicial or administrative

insolvency proceedings,

including

“international interest” means an interest held by a creditor to which Article 2 of the Cape Town Convention applies;

“International Registry” means the international registration facilities established for the purposes of the Cape Town Convention and the Aircraft Protocol;

161

(2)

“leasing agreement” means an agreement by which one person (the lessor) grants a right to possession or control of an aircraft object (with or without an option to purchase) to another person (the lessee) in return for a rental or other payment;

“registered” means registered in the International Registry pursuant to Chapter V of the Cape Town Convention;

“sale” means a transfer of ownership of an aircraft object pursuant to a contract of sale;

“security agreement” means an agreement by which a chargor grants or agrees to grant to a chargee an interest (including an ownership interest) in or over an aircraft object to secure the performance of any existing or future obligation of the chargor or a third person;

“State” includes territory;

“Supervisory Authority” means, in respect of the Aircraft Protocol, the Supervisory Authority referred to in Article 17(1) of the Cape Town Convention; and

“title reservation agreement” means an agreement for the sale of an aircraft object on terms that ownership does not pass until fulfilment of the condition or conditions stated in the agreement.

Any terms used but not defined in this Part 12 shall have the meaning given to them in:

(a)

the Cape Town Convention, the Aircraft Protocol, the Protocol Regulations or the Declarations (as applicable); or if no such term exists,

(b)

the Interpretation Regulations 2015.

162

1.

2.

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

3.

(1)

SCHEDULE 1

MEETINGS, TIME LIMITS, NOTICES AND DOCUMENTS

PART 1

MEETINGS AND TIME LIMITS

Conduct of meetings

Where these Regulations require or permit a meeting of creditors, members or contributories to be held (or an alternative process to be followed), the provisions of Schedule 6 (Meetings and Correspondence) shall govern the conduct of such meeting or alternative process.

Attendance at meetings and proxies

The following provisions also apply for the interpretation of these Regulations.

A person attends a meeting if he—

(a)

is physically present, or attends remotely in accordance with paragraph 18 (Remote attendance at meetings) of Part 6 (Constitution of Meetings) of Schedule 6 (Meetings and Correspondence) or paragraph 19 (Remote attendance at meetings of creditors’ committees) of Part 4 (Meetings of Committee) of Schedule 7 (Creditors’ Committees); or

(b)

attends by proxy or by corporate representative.

A “proxy” is a document which complies with the following requirements—

(a)

it is a document which is given by a creditor, member or contributory to another person (“the proxy-holder”) authorising the proxy-holder to attend, and to speak and vote at, a meeting as the representative of the creditor, member or contributory; and

(b)

either that document—

(i)

directs the proxy-holder to vote or abstain, or to propose resolutions, as directed; or

(ii)

authorises the proxy-holder to do so in accordance with the proxy- holder’s discretion.

A “blank proxy” is a document which complies with paragraph 37 (Blank proxies) of Part 11 (Proxies and corporate representation) of Schedule 6 (Meetings and Correspondence).

Time limits

The ADGM Court Procedure Rules which provide for the calculation of periods of time expressed in days apply to the calculation of periods expressed in days in these Regulations.

163

(2)

(3)

4.

5.

(1)

(2)

6.

(1)

The beginning and the end of a period expressed in months in these Regulations are to be determined as follows—

(a)

if the beginning of the period is specified—

(i)

the month in