 in the certificate) was instructed to deliver it.

A certificate under this paragraph 40 may be endorsed on a copy of the document to which it relates.

Once a proof has, or details of a claim have, been delivered to an Office-holder in accordance with these Regulations, it need not be delivered again; and accordingly, where a provision of these Regulations requires delivery of a proof or details of a claim by a certain time, that requirement is satisfied if the proof has or the details have already been delivered.

PART 9

INSPECTION OF DOCUMENTS, COPIES AND PROVISION OF INFORMATION

Right to copy documents

Where these Regulations give a person the right to inspect documents, that person has a right to be supplied on request with copies of those documents on payment of a reasonable fee.

Charges for copies of documents provided by the Office-holder

Except where prohibited by these Regulations, a person is entitled to require the payment of a reasonable fee for copies of documents requested by a creditor, member, contributory or member of a Liquidation Committee or creditors’ committee.

Inspection of documents on the Court file

A person may inspect a document on the Court file subject to and in accordance with the relevant practice direction.

Contravention in relation to inspection of documents

A contravention will be committed if a person who does not have a right under these Regulations to inspect a relevant document falsely claims to be a creditor, a member of a Company or a contributory of a Company with the intention of gaining sight of the document.

A relevant document is one which is on the Court file or held by the Office-holder or any other person and which a creditor, or member or contributory of a Company has the right to inspect under these Regulations.

A person guilty of a contravention under this paragraph 43 is liable to a fine at the relevant level set out in the Fines Schedule.

Right to list of creditors

This paragraph 44 applies in the following proceedings—

(a)

administration; or

(b)

creditors’ voluntary winding-up or a compulsory winding-up.

176

(2)

A creditor or a foreign representative has the right to require the Office-holder to provide a list of the creditors and the amounts of their respective debts unless, in a winding-up or an administration, a Statement of Affairs has been delivered to the Registrar.

(3)

The Office-holder on being required to provide such a list—

(a)

must deliver it to the person requiring the list as soon as reasonably practicable; and

(b)

may charge a reasonable fee for a hard copy.

(4)

The Office-holder may omit the name and address of a creditor if the Office-holder thinks its disclosure would be prejudicial to the conduct of the proceedings or might reasonably be expected to lead to violence against any person.

(5)

In such a case the list must include—

(a)

the amount of that creditor’s debt; and

(b)

a statement that the name and address of the creditor has been omitted for that debt.

45.

Confidentiality of documents - grounds for refusing inspection

(1) Where an Office-holder considers that a document forming part of the records of the

Insolvency Proceedings—

(a)

should be treated as confidential; or

(b)

is of such a nature that its disclosure would be prejudicial to the conduct of the proceedings or might reasonably be expected to lead to violence against any person,

the Office-holder may decline to allow it to be inspected by a person who would otherwise be entitled to inspect it.

(2)

The persons to whom the Office-holder may refuse inspection include members of a creditors’ committee.

(3) Where the Office-holder refuses inspection of a document, the person wishing to

inspect it may appeal to the Court.

(4)

The Court’s decision may be subject to such conditions (if any) as it thinks just.

PART 10

Administration Applications

46.

Administrator’s written statement in support of administration application (Section 10(5), 17(1)(b), 23(1)(b), 34(1)(a), 138(1))

(1)

A written statement of an administrator seeking to act shall be titled “Proposed administrator’s statement and consent to act” and shall contain:

(a)

identification details for the Company;

(b)

a certificate that the proposed administrator is an insolvency practitioner registered pursuant to Section 290 (Qualification and registration of insolvency practitioners) in relation to