 proposed Office-holder.

contact details for an Office-holder

(1)

a postal address for the Office- holder; and

(2)

either an email address, or a telephone number, through which the Office-holder may be contacted.

165

proceedings

(1)

to a for proceedings Company or unregistered company, the the Company or unregistered company; and

relating

information

identifying

(2)

if applicable, any number assigned by the Court to those proceedings.

PART 3

STANDARD CONTENTS OF NOTICES TO BE PUBLISHED IN THE ABU DHABI GLOBAL MARKET

Note: The requirements in Parts 3 to 7 of this Schedule must be read with paragraph 7 (Information required to identify persons and proceedings) of Part 2 of this Schedule.

8.

Contents of notices to be published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market

(1)

A notice which these Regulations require to be published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market must contain the standard contents set out in this Part 3 in addition to any content specifically required by any other provision of these Regulations.

(2)

Notices must, if it is relevant to the particular notice, identify the Office-holder and specify—

(a)

the Office-holder’ s contact details;

(b)

the name of any person other than the Office-holder (if any) who may be contacted about the proceedings;

(c)

the date of the Office-holder’s appointment, and—

(i)

the Court name and any number assigned to the proceedings by the Court; or

(ii)

the reference assigned to the proceedings by the Court.

(3)

Information which this Part 3 requires to be included in a notice to be published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market may be omitted if it is not reasonably practicable to obtain it.

9.

Notices relating to a Company or unregistered company to be published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market

A notice relating to a Company or a non-Abu Dhabi Global Market Company must also identify the Company or a non-Abu Dhabi Global Market Company and specify—

(a)

its registered office, or if a non-Abu Dhabi Global Market Company, the postal address of its principal place of business;

(b)

any principal trading address if this is different from its registered office;

(c)

any name under which it was registered in the 12 months before the date of the commencement of the proceedings which are the subject of the Abu Dhabi Global Market notice; and

166

(d)

any name or style (other than its registered name) under which—

(i)

the Company or a non-Abu Dhabi Global Market Company carried on business; and

(ii)

any debt owed to a creditor was incurred.

10.

The document published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market containing the notice - as evidence, variations and errors

(1)

A copy of the document published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market containing any notice required by these Regulations to be published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market is evidence of any facts stated in the notice.

(2) Where these Regulations require notice of an order of the Court to be published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, a copy of the document published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market containing the notice may be produced in any proceedings as conclusive evidence that the order was made on the date specified in the notice.

(3) Where an order of the Court, which has been published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, has been varied, or any matter has been erroneously or inaccurately published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, the person whose responsibility it was to publish the order or other matter in the Abu Dhabi Global Market must as soon as is reasonably practicable cause the variation to be published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market or a further entry to be published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market for the purpose of correcting the error or inaccuracy.

PART 4

STANDARD CONTENTS OF NOTICES ADVERTISED IN SUCH MANNER AS THE OFFICE-HOLDER THINKS FIT

11.

Contents of notices advertised in such manner as the Office-holder thinks fit

(1)

This Part 4 sets out the requirements for notices under these Regulations which may be advertised otherwise than by way of being published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(2)

Such notices must, in addition to any content specifically required by these Regulations or any other provision of these Regulations, contain the standard contents set out in this Part.

(3) Where such notices are placed by