 of the goods or any property representing the goods.

“Ruler” means the ruler of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi.

“seal” or “sealed” shall mean the seal provided for, or a document having been sealed in accordance with the requirements of, the ADGM Court Procedure Rules.

“secured creditor” of a Company means a creditor of a Company who holds security in respect of his debt over property of the Company.

“security” means any mortgage, charge (including floating charge), pledge, lien or other security.

“service” means both for Court documents and other documents, service in accordance with Part 4 of the ADGM Court Procedure Rules or by any method as the Court may by order approve or direct.

“shadow director”, in relation to a Company, means a person in accordance with whose directions or instructions the Directors of the Company are accustomed to act (but so that a person is not deemed a shadow director by reason only that the Directors act on advice given by him in a professional capacity).

“Special Resolution” has the meaning given in the Companies Regulations 2020.

“Schedule” means a schedule to these Regulations.

“standard contents” means—

(a)

for a notice to be published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, the standard contents set out in Part 3 (Standard contents of notices to be published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market) of Schedule 1 (Meetings, Time Limits, Notices and Documents);

(b)

for notices to be advertised other than by way of being published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, the standard contents set out in Part 4 (Standard contents of notices advertised in such manner as the Office-holder thinks fit) of Schedule 1 (Meetings, Time Limits, Notices and Documents);

(c)

for a notice to be delivered to the Registrar, the standard contents set out in Part 5 (Standard contents of notices to be delivered to the Registrar etc.) of Schedule 1 (Meetings, Time Limits, Notices and Documents);

(d)

for a notice to be delivered to other persons, the standard contents set out in Part 6 (Standard contents of notices to be delivered to other persons etc.) of Schedule 1 (Meetings, Time Limits, Notices and Documents);

(e)

for applications to the Court the standard contents set out in Part 7 (Applications to the Court) of Schedule 1 (Meetings, Time Limits, Notices and Documents).

“Statement of Affairs” means a statement of a Company’s affairs prepared in accordance with these Regulations in relation to an administration, administrative receivership or a winding-up as the context requires, and containing the particulars as prescribed by these Regulations or otherwise by the Registrar.

150

“statement of concurrence” means a statement made by a relevant person in the prescribed form stating that he concurs in the statement of affairs as detailed in Section 52 (Verification and filing).

“statement of proposals” means a statement made by an administrator under Section 56 (Administrator’s proposals’) setting out proposals for achieving the purpose of administration.

“statement of truth” means a statement of truth made in accordance with the ADGM Court Procedure Rules.

“statutory demand” means a demand served by a creditor on the Company, as further described in Section 201 (The statutory demand).

“step-in rights” has the meaning given to it by section 304 (Meaning of “step-in rights”) of Part 11 (General).

“subsidiary” has the meaning given in the Companies Regulations 2020.

“the purpose of administration” means an objective specified in Section 2(1) (Purpose of administration).

“title transfer collateral arrangement” means an agreement or arrangement, evidenced in writing, where the collateral-provider and the collateral-taker are both non-natural persons the purpose of which is to secure or otherwise cover the relevant obligations owed to the collateral-taker based on the transfer of title to collateral to a collateral-taker on terms that when the relevant obligations are discharged, the collateral-taker must transfer title to equivalent collateral to the collateral-provider, including (without limitation) a sale and repurchase agreement, securities lending agreement, securities buy/sell-back agreement or an irregular pledge.

“unable to pay its debts” has the meaning given by Section 200 (Definition of inability to pay debts).

“UNCITRAL Model Law” means the Model Law on cross-border insolvency as adopted by the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on 30th May