 person as the Office-holder, the proxy-holder may, unless the proxy states otherwise, vote for or against (as the proxy-holder thinks fit) any resolution for the nomination or appointment of that person jointly with another or others.

(6)

A proxy-holder may propose any resolution which, if proposed by another, would be a resolution in favour of which by virtue of the proxy the proxy-holder would be entitled to vote.

(7) Where a proxy gives specific directions as to voting, this does not, unless the proxy states otherwise, prohibit the proxy-holder from voting at the discretion of the proxy- holder on resolutions put to the meeting which are not dealt with in the proxy.

39.

Retention of proxies

The chairman of a meeting must—

(a)

retain the proxies used for voting at the meeting where the chairman is also the Office-holder; or

(b)

deliver them as soon as reasonably practicable after the meeting to the Office- holder.

40.

Right of inspection

(1)

The Office-holder or Appointed Person must allow proxies, so long as they remain in the Office-holder’s or Appointed Person’s hands, to be inspected at all reasonable times on any business day by—

(a)

the creditors, in the case of proxies used at a meeting of creditors;

(b)

the members or contributories, in the case of proxies used at a meeting of the Company or of its contributories; and

(c)

the Directors,

as the case may be.

(2)

The reference in sub-paragraph (1) to the creditors is—

(a)

in the case of a creditors’ voluntary winding-up or a compulsory winding-up, to those creditors who have proved for their debts; and

(b)

in any other case, to persons who have delivered in writing claims to be creditors of the Company;

but in neither case does it include a person whose proof or claim has been wholly rejected for purposes of voting, dividend or otherwise.

(3)

Any person attending a meeting is entitled, immediately before or in the course of the meeting, to inspect proxies and associated documents (including proofs) delivered, in accordance with directions contained in any notice convening the meeting, to the chairman or to any other person by a creditor, member or contributory for the purpose of the meeting.

(4)

This paragraph is subject to Sections Part 1Chapter 753(6) (Limited disclosure) and 58(7) (Limited disclosure of statement of proposals).

227

41.

Proxy-holder with financial interest

(1)

A proxy-holder (including the chairman of the meeting using a proxy under paragraph 38(4) (Use of proxies) of Part 11 (Proxies and corporate representation) of this Schedule) must not vote in favour of any resolution which would—

(a)

directly or indirectly place the proxy-holder or any associate in a position to receive any remuneration out of the insolvent estate; or

(b)

fix or change the basis of remuneration receivable by the proxy-holder or any associate out of the insolvent estate,

unless the proxy specifically directs the proxy-holder to vote in that way.

(2)

For the purpose of sub-paragraph (1), the proxy-holder is an associate of the chairman where the chairman uses a proxy under paragraph 38(4) (Use of proxies) of Part 11 (Proxies and corporate representation) of this Schedule.

(3) Where—

(a)

a proxy-holder has authenticated the proxy as being authorised to do so by the principal; and

(b)

the proxy specifically directs the proxy-holder to vote in the way mentioned in sub-paragraph (1),

the proxy-holder must nevertheless not vote in that way without having produced to the chairman authorisation from the principal sufficient to show that the proxy -holder was entitled so to authenticate the proxy.

42.

Vote by chairman as proxy-holder

Where, in a meeting of creditors in an administration, where there is a Deed of Company Arrangement or a creditors’ voluntary winding-up or a compulsory winding- up, the chairman holds a proxy which includes a requirement to vote for a particular resolution and no other person proposes that resolution—

(a)

the chairman must propose it unless the chairman considers that there is good reason for not doing so; and

(b)

if the chairman does not propose it, the chairman must as soon as reasonably practicable after the meeting deliver notice to the principal of the reason why not.

43.

Corporate