 the Office-holder proposes to enable persons to exercise their rights to speak or vote where in the reasonable opinion of the Office-holder—

(a)

a meeting will be attended by persons who will not be present together at the same place; and

(b)

it is unnecessary or inexpedient to specify a place for the meeting.

238

(8)

In making the arrangements referred to in sub-paragraph (6) and in forming the opinion referred to in sub-paragraph (7)(b), the Office-holder must have regard to the legitimate interests of the committee members or their representatives attending the meeting in the efficient despatch of the business of the meeting.

(9) Where the notice of a meeting does not specify a place for the meeting the Office- holder must specify a place for the meeting if at least one member of the creditors’ committee requests the Office-holder to do so in accordance with paragraph 20 (Procedure for requests that a place for a meeting should be specified) of Part 4 (Meetings of committee) of this Schedule.

20.

Procedure for requests that a place for a meeting should be specified

(1)

This paragraph applies to a request to the Office-holder under paragraph (9)19 (Remote attendance at meetings of creditors’ committee) of Part 4 (Meetings of committee) of this Schedule to specify a place for the meeting.

(2)

The request must be made within five business days of the date on which the Office- holder sent the notice of the meeting in question.

(3) Where the Office-holder considers that the request has been properly made in

accordance with this paragraph, the Office-holder must—

(a)

deliver notice to all those previously given notice of the meeting—

(i)

that it is to be held at a specified place; and

(ii)

as to whether the date and time are to remain the same or not;

(b)

set a venue (including specification of a place) for the meeting, the date of which must be not later than seven business days after the original date for the meeting; and

(c)

give five business days’ notice of the venue to all those previously given notice of the meeting.

(4)

The notices required by sub-paragraphs (3)(a) and (3)(c) may be delivered at the same or different times.

(5) Where the Office-holder has specified a place for the meeting in response to a request under paragraph 19(9) (Remote attendance at meetings of creditors’ committee) of Part 4 (Meetings of committee) of this Schedule, the chairman of the meeting must attend the meeting by being present in person at that place.

PART 5

SUPPLY OF INFORMATION TO THE LIQUIDATION COMMITTEE

21.

Obligations to supply information to the Liquidation Committee

(1)

This paragraph only applies in relation to a creditors’ voluntary winding-up or a compulsory winding-up.

(2)

In the absence of any directions by the Liquidation Committee under sub- paragraph (3), not less than once in every period of six months the Office-holder must deliver a report to every member of the Liquidation Committee setting out the position generally in relation to the progress of the proceedings and matters arising in connection with them to which the Office-holder considers the Liquidation Committee’s attention should be drawn.

239

(3)

The Office-holder must, as soon as reasonably practicable after being directed by the Liquidation Committee—

(a)

deliver a report to every member of the Liquidation Committee setting out the matters mentioned in sub-paragraph (2) (but not more often than once in any period of two months); or

(b)

comply with a request for information.

(4)

However the Office-holder need not comply with such a direction where it appears to the Office-holder that—

(a)

the direction is frivolous or unreasonable;

(b)

the cost of complying would be excessive, having regard to the relative importance of the information; or

(c)

the insolvent estate is without sufficient funds for the Office-holder to comply.

(5) Where the Liquidation Committee has come into being more than 28 days after the appointment of the Office-holder, the Office-holder must make a summary report to the members of the Liquidation Committee of what actions the Office-holder has taken since the Office-holder’s appointment, and must answer such questions as they may put to the Office-holder relating to the Office-holder’s conduct of the