 the relevant date.

(4)

If the debt is due otherwise, interest may only be claimed if, before the date on which the Company—

(a)

entered administration or, if the administration was immediately preceded by a winding-up, the date on which the Company went into liquidation; or

(b)

went into liquidation or, if the winding-up was immediately preceded by an administration, the date on which the Company entered administration,

a demand for payment of the debt was made in writing by or on behalf of the creditor, and notice given that interest would be payable from the date of the demand to the date of the payment.

(5)

Interest under sub-paragraph (4) may only be claimed for the period from the date of the demand to the relevant date and for all the purposes of these Regulations must be charged at a rate not exceeding that mentioned in sub-paragraph (6).

(6)

The rate of interest to be claimed under sub-paragraphs (3) and (4) is the rate specified in the provisions of the ADGM Court Procedure Rules relating to general rules about costs on the relevant date.

202

(7)

In an administration or winding-up—

(a)

any surplus remaining after payment of the debts proved must, before being applied for any purpose, be applied in paying interest on those debts in respect of the periods during which they have been outstanding since the relevant date;

(b)

all interest payable under sub-paragraph (7)(a) ranks equally whether or not the debts on which it is payable rank equally; and

(c)

the rate of interest payable under sub-paragraph (7)(a) is whichever is the greater of the rate specified under sub-paragraph (6) and the rate applicable to the debt apart from the administration or, if applicable, the winding-up.

PART 4

DISTRIBUTIONS TO CREDITORS

29.

Application of Part to particular class of creditors

(1)

Subject as follows, this Part 4 applies where the Office-holder makes, or proposes to make, a distribution to any class of creditors other than secured creditors.

(2) Where in an administration, a distribution is to a particular class of creditors, a reference in this Part 4 to creditors is a reference to that class of creditors only.

(3)

The paragraphs in this Part 4 apply in relation to any distribution made in the Insolvency Proceedings to preferential creditors, with such adaptations as are appropriate considering that such creditors are of a limited class.

30.

Intention to declare and distribute dividend

(1)

In an administration and in a winding-up, the Office-holder must deliver notice to the creditors of the Office-holder’s intention to declare and distribute a dividend in accordance with paragraph 31 (Notice of intention to declare a dividend) of Part 4 (Distributions to creditors) of this Schedule.

(2)

In a winding-up, whenever the liquidator has sufficient funds in hand for the purpose the liquidator must, subject to the retention of such sums as may be necessary for the expenses of the winding-up, declare and distribute dividends among the creditors in respect of the debts which they have respectively proved.

31.

Notice of intention to declare a dividend

(1) Where an Office-holder intends to declare a dividend, the Office-holder must deliver a notice of that fact to all creditors who have not proved for their debts (subject to sub- paragraph (4)(a)).

(2)

Before declaring a dividend the Office-holder must by a notice invite the creditors to prove for their debts (unless the Office-holder has previously done so by a notice which has been published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market).

(3)

The notice—

(a)

must be published in the Abu Dhabi Global Market; and

(b)

may be advertised in such other manner (if any) as the Office-holder thinks fit.

203

(4) Where a dividend is to be declared for preferential creditors—

(a)

a notice under sub-paragraph (1) need only be delivered to creditors whose debts the Office-holder has reason to believe are preferential; and

(b)

a notice under sub-paragraph (1) need only be delivered if the Office-holder thinks fit.

32.

Content of notice

A notice under sub-paragraph 31(1) or 31(3) (Notice of intention to declare a dividend) of Part 4 (Distributions to creditors) of this Schedule must, in addition to the