 other than a members’ voluntary winding-up.

“debt” means —

(a)

in relation to the winding-up of a Company, any of the following—

(i)

any debt or liability to which the Company is subject—

(1)

in the case of a winding-up which was not immediately preceded by an administration on the date on which the Company went into liquidation;

(2)

in the case of a winding-up which was immediately preceded by an administration, at the date on which the Company entered administration;

(ii)

any debt or liability to which the Company may become subject after that date by reason of any obligation incurred before that date; and

(iii)

any interest provable as mentioned in paragraph 28 (Interest) of Part 3 (Creditors’ claims) of Schedule 5 (Proofs and Distribution); and

(b)

in relation to the administration of a Company, any of the following—

(i)

any debt or liability to which the Company is subject on the date on which the Company went into administration;

(ii)

any debt or liability to which the Company may become subject after that date by reason of any obligation incurred before that date; and

(iii)

any interest provable as mentioned in paragraph 28 (Interest) of Part 3 (Creditors’ claims) of Schedule 5 (Proofs and Distribution); and

(c)

for the purposes of a reference in any provision of these Regulations about winding-up or administration to a debt or liability, it is immaterial whether the debt or liability is present or future, whether it is certain or contingent or whether its amount is fixed or liquidated, or is capable of being ascertained by fixed rules or as a matter of opinion; and references in any such provision to owing a debt are to be read accordingly.

“Deed of Company Arrangement” means a deed of company arrangement between a Company, all or some of its creditors and the administrator of the deed which complies with the requirements of Chapter 8 (Deed of Company Arrangement) of Part 1 (Administration) of these Regulations.

“deliver” and “delivery” are to be interpreted in accordance with Part 8 (Delivery of documents and opting out) of Schedule 1 (Meetings, Time Limits, Notices and Documents) except in respect of the Registrar where “deliver” and “delivery” are to be interpreted in accordance with the Regulations.

“Director” has the meaning given in the Companies Regulations 2020 and includes any person occupying the position of Director, by whatever name called.

“document” includes a written notice or statement or anything else in writing capable of being delivered to a recipient.

143

“eCourts Platform” means the Abu Dhabi Global Markets Courts electronic filing and case management systems.

“electronic means” in relation to delivery or other correspondence includes fax and “electronic address” includes a fax number.

“equivalent collateral” means—

(a)

in relation to securities, securities of the same issuer or debtor, forming part of the same issue or class and (except in the case of shares of a Company) the same nominal amounts and the same currency and description, or such other assets as may be permitted by the relevant collateral arrangement; and

(b)

in relation to cash, a payment of the same amount and in the same currency,

and includes the original collateral provided under the arrangement.

“file with the Court” means submit for filing in the Court in accordance with the relevant practice direction.

“file with the Registrar” means deliver to the Registrar for filing.

“financed project” has the meaning given to it by section 305 (Meaning of “financed project”) of this Part 11 (General).

“Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015” means the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015, issued by the Board.

“Fines Schedule” means Schedule 9 (Contraventions’), as such Schedule may be amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time.

“floating charge” means a charge which is a floating charge on its creation.

“foreign main proceeding” means a foreign proceeding taking place in a jurisdiction other than the Abu Dhabi Global Market where the debtor has the centre of its main interests.

“foreign proceeding” has the meaning given in Schedule 10 (Application of UNCITRAL Model Law).

“foreign representative” has the meaning given in Schedule 10 (Application of UNCITRAL Model Law).

“general meeting” means