PART 11

PROXIES AND CORPORATE REPRESENTATION

Appointment of proxy-holders

A proxy-holder must be an individual aged 18 or over.

A proxy may be given for use only at a particular meeting.

A principal may appoint more than one person to be proxy-holder at a particular meeting; but if so—

(a)

their appointment is as alternates;

(b)

the order in which they are authorised to be proxy-holder must be specified in the appointment; and

(c)

only one of them may act as proxy-holder for that principal at the meeting.

A proxy shall be given to the chairman of the meeting in question and a person given a proxy under this paragraph may not refuse it.

Blank proxies

A blank proxy is a document which—

(a)

when completed by the insertion or addition of the details specified in sub- paragraph (b)(iii) will be a proxy capable of use in accordance with these Regulations; and

225

(b)

contains a statement to the effect that a creditor, member or contributory to be named in the document when completed—

(i)

appoints a proxy-holder, to be named in the document when completed, as the proxy of the creditor, member or contributory at a meeting to be specified in the document when completed (which may or may not include the resumption of an adjourned meeting);

(ii)

directs or authorises the proxy-holder to propose or vote as, when the document is completed, will be provided in the proxy; and

(iii) makes provision for the insertion or addition of—

(aa)

the name and address of the creditor, member or contributory;

(bb)

either the name of the proxy-holder or a statement that the proxy is given to the chairman of the meeting;

(cc)

if more than one proxy-holder is appointed, the order in which they are authorised;

(dd)

a statement of the extent to which the proxy-holder is directed to vote in a particular way or to abstain; and

(ee)

the relationship of the person authenticating the proxy to the creditor, member or contributory, and the authority of that person, where the authentication is by someone authorised by the creditor, member or contributory.

(2)

Blank proxies delivered under these Regulations must not have inserted in them the name or description of any person as proxy.

(3)

The convener of a meeting may require a proxy used at a meeting to be the same as or substantially similar to the blank proxy delivered for that meeting; but if so, the information required to be inserted on the blank proxy must be limited to the things listed in sub-paragraph (1)(b)(iii).

(4)

A proxy must be authenticated and dated by the creditor, member or contributory, or by some person authorised by the creditor, member or contributory.

(5)

If a proxy is authenticated by a person other than the principal, the nature of that person’s authority must be stated.

38.

Use of proxies

(1)

An authenticated proxy given for a meeting must be delivered to the chairman before the meeting begins.

(2)

A proxy given for a meeting may be used at the resumption of that meeting after an adjournment, and the authenticated proxy need not be delivered to the chairman at the resumption (whether the chairman is the same person or not).

(3)

But if a different proxy is given for use at resumption of a meeting after an adjournment, the authenticated proxy must be delivered to the chairman before the commencement of the resumed meeting.

(4) Where the Office-holder or Appointed Person holds proxies for use as chairman of a meeting but another person acts as chairman, that other person may use the proxies as if proxy-holder.

226

(5) Where a proxy directs a proxy-holder to vote for or against a resolution for the nomination or appointment of a person as the Office-holder, the proxy-holder may, unless the proxy states otherwise, vote for or against (as the proxy-holder thinks fit) any resolution for the nomination or appointment of that person jointly with another or others.

(6)

A proxy-holder may propose any resolution which, if proposed by another, would be a resolution in favour of which by virtue of the proxy the proxy-holder would be entitled to vote.

(7) Where a proxy gives specific directions as to voting, this does not, unless the proxy states otherwise, prohibit the proxy-holder from voting at the discretion of the proxy-