 recover his debt in whole or in part must submit his claim in writing to the Office-holder unless—

(a)

the Court orders otherwise;

(b)

in a winding-up immediately preceded by an administration, the creditor has already proved in the administration; or

(c)

in an administration immediately preceded by a winding-up, the creditor has already proved in the winding-up.

A creditor who claims is referred to as “proving” for his debt and a document by which he seeks to establish his claim is his “proof”.

In a members’ voluntary winding-up the Office-holder may require proof to be delivered to the liquidator.

192

5.

(1)

(2)

(3)

6.

(1)

(2)

Requirements for proof

A proof must—

(a)

be made out by, or under the direction of, the creditor and authenticated by him or a person authorised in that behalf; and

(b)

state the following matters—

(i)

the creditor’s name and address;

(ii)

if the creditor is a Company, its registered number or equivalent;

(iii)

the total amount of the creditor’s claim (including any applicable tax) as at the relevant date, less any payments made after that date in respect of the claim, any deduction under paragraph 23 (Discounts) of Part 3 (Creditors’ claims) of this Schedule and any adjustment by way of set- off in accordance with paragraphs 24 (Administration: mutual dealings and set-off) and 25 (Winding-up: mutual dealings and set-off) of Part 3 (Creditors’ claims) of this Schedule;

(iv)

whether or not the claim includes outstanding uncapitalised interest;

(v)

particulars of how and when the debt was incurred by the Company;

(vi)

particulars of any security held, the date on which it was given and the value which the creditor puts on it;

(vii)

details of any reservation of title in respect of goods to which the debt refers; and

(viii)

the name, address and authority of the person authorising the proof (if other than the creditor himself).

There shall be specified in the proof details of any documents by reference to which the debt can be substantiated; but (subject as follows) it is not essential that such document be attached to the proof or submitted with it.

The Office-holder may call for any document or other evidence to be produced to the Office-holder if the Office-holder considers it necessary for the purpose of substantiating the whole or any part of the claim made in the proof.

Costs of proving

Unless the Court otherwise orders, each creditor bears the cost of proving for that creditor’s own debt, including costs incurred in providing documents or evidence under paragraph 5(3) (Requirements for proof) of Part 3 (Creditors’ claims) of this Schedule.

In an administration or winding-up, costs incurred by the Office-holder in estimating the value of a debt under paragraph 15 (Administration and winding-up: estimate of value of debt) of Part 3 (Creditors’ claims) of this Schedule are payable out of the assets as an expense of the administration or winding-up.

193

7.

Allowing inspection of proofs

The Office-holder must, so long as proofs delivered to the Office-holder are in the possession of the Office-holder, allow them to be inspected, at all reasonable times on any business day, by any of the following persons—

(a)

any creditor who has delivered a proof (unless the proof has been wholly rejected for purposes of dividend or otherwise);

(b)

any member or contributory of the Company; and

(c)

any person acting on behalf of any of the above.

8.

Transmission of proofs: replacement of Office-holder

(1)

If a new Office-holder (the “New Office-holder”) is appointed in place of another (the “Former Office-holder”), the Former Office-holder must as soon as reasonably practicable after the appointment of the New Office-holder deliver to the New Office- holder all proofs which the Former Office-holder has received, together with an itemised list of them.

(2)

The New Office-holder must authenticate the list and return it to the Former Office- holder. From then on, all proofs must be sent to and retained by the New Office-holder.

9.

Admission and rejection of proofs for dividend

(1)

A proof may be admitted for dividend either for the whole amount claimed by the creditor or