ator appointed provisionally.

“market value” means the amount which would be realised on a sale of property in the open market by a willing vendor.

“member”, in respect of a Company, has the meaning given in the Companies Regulations 2020.

“members’ voluntary winding-up” means a winding-up in which a Director’s declaration has been made in accordance with Section 175 (Declaration of solvency).

“netting” means the occurrence of any or all of the following—

(a)

the termination, liquidation or acceleration of any payment or delivery obligations or entitlements or obligations or entitlements to make, receive or require payments or deliveries, under one or more qualified financial contracts or other transactions entered into under a netting agreement or to which a netting agreement applies;

(b)

the calculation or estimation of a close-out value, market value, liquidation value, replacement value or other relevant value (whether at the time of or following the relevant termination, liquidation and/or acceleration) in respect of each obligation or entitlement or group of obligations or entitlements terminated, liquidated or accelerated under sub-paragraph (a) of this definition;

(c)

the conversion of any values calculated or estimated under sub-paragraph (b) of this definition into a single currency;

(d)

the determination of the net balance of the values calculated under paragraph (b) of this definition, as converted under sub-paragraph (c) of this definition, whether by operation of set off or otherwise; and

(e)

entry by the parties into a transaction pursuant to or by virtue of which such a net balance becomes payable directly or as part of the consideration for an asset or the provision for the payment of damages related to any non- performance of any such transaction.

“netting agreement” means (a) any agreement between two parties that provides for netting of present or future payment or delivery obligations or entitlements arising under or in connection with one or more qualified financial contracts or other contracts or transactions entered into under the agreement, or to which the agreement applies, by the parties to the agreement (a “master netting agreement”), (b) any master agreement between two parties that provides for netting of the amounts due under two or more master netting agreements (a “master-master netting agreement”), (c) any other agreement between two or more parties which incorporates netting and (d) collateral arrangement related to or forming part of one or more of the foregoing.

“non-cellular assets” has the meaning given in the Companies Regulations 2020.

“non-Abu Dhabi Global Market Company” means a company incorporated or formed outside the Abu Dhabi Global Market, whether under the federal or local laws of the United Arab Emirates, or the law of any other country or territory.

“non-insolvent party” is the party other than the insolvent party.

“Office-holder” means a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator of a Company, administrator of a Deed of Company Arrangement, a liquidator or a provisional liquidator, as the case may be, and who is registered pursuant to Section 290 (Qualification and registration of insolvency practitioners).

146

“officer” means, in relation to a Company—

(a)

a Director, manager or secretary; or

(b)

an Office-holder appointed to the Company or its property.

“official exchange rate” is the foreign exchange rate prescribed in paragraph 26 (Debt in foreign currency) of Part 3 (Creditors’ claims) of Schedule 5 (Proofs and Distribution).

“official interest rate” means the rate of interest specified in the provisions of the ADGM Court Procedure Rules relating to general rules about costs.

“opted-out creditor” means a creditor of a Company who in accordance with the Regulations has elected (or is deemed to have elected) to be (and not ceased to be) an opted-out creditor in relation to an Office-holder of that Company.

“party” means for the purposes of Part 7 (Financial Markets and Netting) of these Regulations a person constituting one of the parties to a netting agreement.

“permission” of the Court is to be read as referring to “leave of the Court” in these Regulations.

“petitioner”, when referred to in the context of a winding-up, includes any person who has been substituted as such, or has been given carriage of the petition.

“Preferential Debts” means the debts referred to