 with the rules or such direction would be unduly burdensome or would not achieve the purpose for which the rules or direction (as applicable) were made; and

(b)

the direction would not adversely affect the interests of the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

138

PART 10: DISSOLUTION

294. Dissolution and early dissolution

(1)

Subsections (2) and (3) of this Section apply, where the liquidator has sent to creditors his final account and return.

(2)

On the expiration of three (3) months from the date of dispatch of the final account and return the Company is deemed to be dissolved.

(3)

However, the Court may, on the application of the liquidator or any other person who appears to the Court to be interested, make an order deferring the date at which the dissolution of the Company is to take effect for such time as the Court thinks fit.

(4)

It is the duty of the person on whose application an order of the Court under subsection (3) is made to deliver a copy of the order to the Registrar for registration. If the person fails to do so, he commits a contravention and is liable to a fine at the relevant level set out in the Fines Schedule.

(5) Where the realisable assets of the Company are insufficient to cover the expenses of the winding-up, and the affairs of the Company do not require any further investigation, the liquidator may at any time apply to the Registrar for the early dissolution of the Company.

(6)

Before making an application under subsection (5), the liquidator shall give not less than twenty-eight (28) days’ notice of his intention to do so to the Company’s creditors and contributories and to any administrative receiver.

(7)

On the expiration of three (3) months from the date of receipt of the application by the Registrar under subsection (5), the Company is dissolved.

295. Power of Court to declare dissolution of Company void

(1) Where a Company has been dissolved under these Regulations or the Companies Regulations 2020, the Court may at any time within ten (10) years of the date of the dissolution, on an application made by a liquidator of the Company or by any other person appearing to the Court to be interested, make an order, on such terms as the Court sees fit, declaring the dissolution to have been void and the Court may by the order give such directions and make such provisions as seem just for placing the Company and all other persons in the same position as nearly as may be as if the Company had not been dissolved.

(2)

Upon the making of an order under subsection (1), such proceedings may be taken which might have been taken if the Company had not been dissolved.

296. Property of dissolved Company

(1) When a Company is dissolved under these Regulations or the Companies Regulations 2020, all property and rights whatsoever vested in the Company immediately before its dissolution are deemed to be vested in the Abu Dhabi Global Market in accordance with Chapter 2 (Property of dissolved company) of Part 29 (Dissolution and restoration to the register) of the Companies Regulations 2020.

(2)

Subsection (1) is subject to any order of the Court under Section 295 (Power of Court to declare dissolution of Company void) or otherwise.

139

PART 11 : GENERAL

Chapter 1 - Interpretation and Time

297. Rules of interpretation

(1)

In these Regulations, unless a contrary intention appears, a reference to—

(a)

a statutory provision includes a reference to the statutory provision as amended or re-enacted from time to time;

(b)

a person includes any natural person, body corporate or body unincorporate, including a Company, unregistered company, partnership, unincorporated association, government or state;

(c)

an obligation to publish or cause to be published a particular document shall, unless expressly provided otherwise in these Regulations, include publishing or causing to be published in printed or electronic form; and

(d)

any reference to “dollars” or “$” is a reference to United States Dollars.

(2)

In these Regulations, unless a contrary intention appears, the rules of interpretation and construction of the Interpretation Regulations 2015 shall apply.

(3)

“prescribed A circumstances”, “prescribed condition”, “prescribed information”, “prescribed persons”, “prescribed matters”,