 Schedule.

PART 2

INTERPRETATION

Functions of a creditors’ committee

In addition to any functions conferred on a creditors’ committee by any provision of these Regulations, a creditors’ committee must assist the Office-holder in discharging the Office-holder’s functions and act in relation to the Office-holder in such manner as may from time to time be agreed.

PART 3

MEMBERSHIP AND FORMALITIES

Number of members of a creditors’ committee

A creditors’ committee must have at least three members but not more than five members.

Sub-paragraph (1) is subject to paragraphs 8 (Cessation of creditors’ committee in a winding-up when creditors are paid in full) and 9 (Vacancies - creditor members of creditors’ committee) of Part 3 (Membership and formalities) of this Schedule.

Eligibility to be a member of a creditors’ committee

A person claiming to be a creditor is eligible to be a member of the creditors’ committee—

(a)

in an administration or an administrative receivership if that person’s claim—

(i)

has neither been wholly disallowed for voting purposes, nor wholly rejected for the purpose of distribution or dividend; and

232

5.

6.

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(ii)

is not fully secured; and

(b)

in a creditors’ voluntary winding-up or a winding-up by the Court, if—

(i)

that person has delivered a proof;

(ii)

the proof has neither been wholly disallowed for voting purposes, nor wholly rejected for the purpose of distributions or dividends; and

(iii)

the debt is not fully secured.

Eligibility of body corporate to be a member of creditors’ committee

A body corporate may be a member of a creditors’ committee, but it cannot act otherwise than by a representative appointed under paragraph 16 (Committee members’ representatives) of Part 4 (Meetings of committee) of this Schedule.

Formalities of establishment (certificate of due constitution)

A creditors’ committee does not come into being (and accordingly cannot act), until the Office-holder has issued a certificate of its due constitution.

The certificate of due constitution must—

(a)

identify the proceedings;

(b)

identify and provide contact details for the Office-holder;

(c)

state that the creditors’ committee has been duly constituted;

(d)

identify each body corporate that is a member of the creditors’ committee;

(e)

give the full name and postal address of a member which is not a body corporate; and

(f)

be authenticated and dated by the Office-holder.

If the Office-holder is not the chairman of the meeting of creditors which resolves to establish the creditors’ committee, then the chairman must as soon as reasonably practicable deliver notice of the resolution to the Office-holder (or, as the case may be, to the person the meeting appoints as Office-holder), and inform the Office-holder of the names and addresses of the persons elected to be members of the creditors’ committee.

Before a person may act as a member of the creditors’ committee that person must agree to do so.

Agreement to act may be given by a person’s proxy holder attending the meeting establishing the creditors’ committee or, in the case of a body corporate, by its duly appointed representative, unless the relevant proxy or authorisation does not allow this.

The certificate of due constitution must be issued as soon as reasonably practicable after the minimum number of persons (in accordance with paragraph 3 (Number of members of a creditors’ committee) of Part 3 (Membership and formalities) of this Schedule) have agreed to act as members.

The Office-holder must, as soon as reasonably practicable deliver the certificate to the Registrar.

233

7.

Issue of an amended certificate of due constitution

(1)

The Office-holder must issue an amended certificate of constitution if there is a change in membership of the creditors’ committee.

(2)

The amended certificate must—

(a)

identify the proceedings;

(b)

identify and provide contact details for the Office-holder;

(c)

state the date of the original certificate of due constitution and the date of the last amended certificate (if any);

(d)

state that this amended certificate replaces the previous certificate;

(e)

identify each body corporate that is a member of the creditors’ committee;

(f)

give the full name and postal address of a member which is not a body corporate;

(g)

