 in this Law relating to recognition of foreign proceedings and cooperation with foreign courts shall be performed by the Court.

Article 5 Authorisation of Office-holder to act in a foreign State

An Office-holder is authorised to act in a foreign State on behalf of a proceeding under these Regulations, as permitted by the applicable foreign law.

Article 6 Public policy exception

Nothing in this Law prevents the Court from refusing to take an action governed by this Law if the action would be manifestly contrary to the public policy of the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

Article 7 Additional assistance under other laws

Nothing in this Law limits the power of the Court or an Office-holder to provide additional assistance to a foreign representative under other laws of the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

Article 8 Interpretation

In the interpretation of this Law, regard is to be had to its international origin and to the need to promote uniformity in its application and the observance of good faith.

CHAPTER II Access of Foreign Representatives and Creditors to Courts in the Abu Dhabi Global Market

Article 9 Right of direct access

A foreign representative is entitled to apply directly to the Court.

Article 10 Limited jurisdiction

The sole fact that an application pursuant to this Law is made to the Court by a foreign representative does not subject the foreign representative or the foreign assets of the debtor to the jurisdiction of the Court for any purpose other than the application.

Article 11 Application by a foreign representative to commence a proceeding under these Regulations

A foreign representative appointed in foreign main proceedings or foreign non-main proceedings is entitled to apply to commence a proceeding under these Regulations if the conditions for commencing such a proceeding are otherwise met.

Article 12 Participation of a foreign representative in a proceeding under these Regulations

Upon recognition of a foreign proceeding, the foreign representative is entitled to participate in a proceeding regarding the debtor under these Regulations.

251

Article 13 Access of foreign creditors to a proceeding under these Regulations

(1)

Subject to paragraph (2) of this Article, foreign creditors have the same rights regarding the commencement of, and participation in, a proceeding under these Regulations as creditors in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

(2)

Paragraph (1) of this Article does not affect the ranking of claims in a proceeding under these Regulations, except that the claims of foreign creditors shall not be given lower priority than that of general unsecured creditors solely because the holder of such a claim is a foreign creditor.

Article 14 Notification to foreign creditors of a proceeding under these Regulations

(1) Whenever under these Regulations notification is to be given to creditors in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, such notification shall also be given to the known creditors that do not have addresses in the Abu Dhabi Global Market. The Court may order that appropriate steps be taken with a view to notifying any creditor whose address is not yet known.

(2)

Such notification shall be made to the foreign creditors individually, unless the Court considers that, under the circumstances, some other form of notification would be more appropriate. No letters rogatory or other, similar formality is required.

(3) When a notification of a right to file a claim is to be given to foreign creditors, the

notification shall—

(a)

indicate a reasonable time period for filing claims and specify the place for their filing;

(b)

indicate whether secured creditors need to file their secured claims; and

(c)

contain any other information required to be included in such a notification to creditors pursuant to the law of the Abu Dhabi Global Market and the orders of the Court.

CHAPTER III Recognition of a Foreign Proceeding and Relief

Article 15 Application for recognition of a foreign proceeding

(1)

A foreign representative may apply to the Court for recognition of the foreign proceeding in which the foreign representative has been appointed.

(2)

An application for recognition shall be accompanied by—

(a)

a certified copy of the decision commencing the foreign proceeding and appointing the foreign representative;

(b)

a certificate from the foreign court affirming the existence of the foreign proceeding and of the appointment of the foreign representative; or

(c)

in the absence of evidence referred to in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b), any other evidence acceptable to the Court of the existence of the foreign proceeding and of the appointment of the foreign representative.

(3)

An application for recognition shall also be accompanied by a statement identifying all foreign proceedings and proceedings under these Regulations in respect of the debtor that are known to the foreign representative.

(4)

The Court may