;

(c)

an obligation to publish or cause to be published a particular document shall, unless expressly provided otherwise in these Regulations, include publishing or causing to be published in printed or electronic form; and

(d)

any reference to “dollars” or “$” is a reference to United States Dollars.

(2)

In these Regulations, unless a contrary intention appears, the rules of interpretation and construction of the Interpretation Regulations 2015 shall apply.

(3)

“prescribed A circumstances”, “prescribed condition”, “prescribed information”, “prescribed persons”, “prescribed matters”, “prescribed period”, “prescribed provisions” or to be as “prescribed” without further reference is a reference to such form, manner, circumstances, condition, information, persons, matters, period, provisions or otherwise as to be determined by:

reference

to

“prescribed

form”,

“prescribed manner”,

(a)

these Regulations (including the Schedules);

(b)

any rules or forms made or published by the Registrar; or

(c)

any rules, practice directions or forms made or published by the Court.

(4)

The Registrar may by order amend a provision of these Regulations which—

(a)

requires anything to be done within a specified period of time;

(b)

prevents anything from being done after a specified time; or

(c)

requires a specified minimum period of notice to be given.

298. Defined terms

In these Regulations, unless otherwise defined in these Regulations or the context indicates otherwise, the defined terms listed below shall have the following meanings—

“ADGM Court Procedure Rules” means any rules, procedures, practice or guidance relating to the Court that is issued by the Chief Justice of the Court from time to time.

“administration application” has the meaning given in Section 8(1) (Administration application).

“administrative receiver” has the meaning given by Section 152 (Appointment and powers of receivers and administrative receivers).

“administrator” of a Company and “administrator” of a Deed of Company Arrangement have the respective meanings given by Section 1(1) (Administration)

140

and, where the context requires, includes a reference to a former administrator and, unless the context otherwise requires, references to an “administrator” without further designation are to both kinds of administrator.

“Appointed Person” means in relation to a creditors’ voluntary winding-up, an authorised person in relation to the Company or debtor, who is appointed in writing by an Office-holder.

“Articles” has the meaning given in the Companies Regulations 2020.

“Associate” has the meaning given to it by section 300 (Meaning of “Associate”) of this Part 11 (General).

“attendance” at a meeting is to be interpreted in accordance with paragraph 2 (Attendance at meetings and proxies) of Part 1 (Meetings and time limits) of Schedule 1 (Meetings, Time Limits, Notices and Documents).

“authenticate” or “authenticated” means to authenticate in accordance with paragraph 6 (Authentication) of Part 2 (Form and content of documents) of Schedule 1 (Meetings, Time Limits, Notices and Documents).

“Authorised Person” has the meaning given to that term in the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015.

“blank proxy” has the meaning given in paragraph 37 (Blank proxies) of Part 11 (Proxies and corporate (Meetings and Correspondence).

representation) of Schedule 6

“body corporate” has the meaning given to that term in the Companies Regulations 2020.

“books and papers” includes accounts, deeds, writing and documents.

“business day” means every day except Saturday, Sunday and public holidays in the United Arab Emirates.

“capital market arrangement” has the meaning given to it by section 301 (Meaning of “capital market arrangement”) of this Part 11 (General).

“capital market investment” has the meaning given to it by section 302 (Meaning of “capital market investment”) of this Part 11 (General).

“cash” means money in any currency, credited to an account, or a similar claim for repayment of money such as a money market deposit and sums due or payable to, or received between the parties in connection with the operation of a collateral arrangement or a netting agreement.

“collateral” means any of the following—

(a)

cash in any currency;

(b)

securities of any