 which the vote will be disregarded;

(d)

provide a space for the creditor or contributory to authenticate the vote;

209

(e)

provide a space for a person authenticating on behalf of a creditor to state the capacity in which the vote is authenticated; and

(f)

be authenticated and dated by the Office-holder or Appointed Person.

(3)

The notice must contain a deadline for voting, set at the discretion of the Office-holder or Appointed Person, but which must be not less than 14 days from the date of delivery of the notice.

(4)

In order to be counted, votes must—

(a)

be received by the convener by 12.00 noon on the deadline; and

(b)

in the case of a vote cast by a creditor, be accompanied by a statement of entitlement to vote on the resolution unless one has previously been delivered to the Office-holder or Appointed Person.

(5)

In order to be counted, a vote must be accompanied by a statement of entitlement.

(6)

A statement of entitlement is a statement of the details or a proof as required by paragraph 27(1)(a) (Creditors’ voting rights at meetings) of Part 8 (Creditors’ Voting Rights and Majorities) of this Schedule.

(7)

A vote must be disregarded if—

(a)

a statement of entitlement neither accompanies the vote nor has previously been delivered to the convener; or

(b)

the Office-holder or Appointed Person decides, in the application of Part 8 (Creditors’ Voting Rights and Majorities) and Part 9 (Contributories’ Voting Rights and Majorities) of this Schedule, that the creditor is not entitled to cast the vote.

(8)

For the resolution to be passed, the Office-holder or Appointed Person must receive at least one valid vote in favour by the closing date.

(9)

Creditors whose debts amount to at least ten (10)% of the total debts of the Company may, within five business days from the date of delivery of the notice, require the Office- holder to call a meeting of creditors to consider the resolution.

(10) Contributories representing at least ten (10)% of the total voting rights of all contributories having the right to vote at a meeting of contributories may, within five business days from the date of delivery of the notice, require the Office-holder to call a meeting of contributories to consider the resolution.

(11)

If no valid vote is received by the closing date specified, the Office-holder must call a meeting of creditors or contributories, at which the resolution could be passed.

(12)

A reference in these Regulations to anything done or required to be done at, or in connection with, or in consequence of, a meeting of creditors or contributories extends to anything done in the course of correspondence in accordance with this paragraph.

PART 3

SUMMONING OF MEETINGS (GENERAL)

4.

Venue

(1)

The convener must have regard to the convenience of those invited to attend when fixing the venue for a meeting (including the resumption of an adjourned meeting).

210

(2)

The convenor shall summon a meeting to take place during the normal business hours of the Court (as determined from time to time by the rules and regulations relating to the Court) on a business day, unless the Court otherwise directs.

5.

Notice of meetings: content and accompanying documents

(1)

Notices summoning a meeting must specify the purpose of and venue for the meeting and—

(a)

in case of a meeting of creditors, state that claims, proofs (if not already delivered) and proxies must be delivered to a specified place not later than 12.00 noon on the business day before the date fixed for the meeting in order for creditors to be entitled to vote at the meeting;

(b)

in the case of a meeting of contributories, state that proxies must be delivered to a specified place not later than 12.00 noon on the business day before the date fixed for the meeting in order for contributories to be entitled to vote at the meeting.

(2)

Blank proxies complying with paragraph 37 (Blank proxies) of Part 11 (Proxies and corporate representation) of this Schedule must be delivered with every notice summoning a meeting.

(3)

This paragraph does not apply if the Court orders under paragraph 7