 based on the transfer of title to collateral to a collateral-taker on terms that when the relevant obligations are discharged, the collateral-taker must transfer title to equivalent collateral to the collateral-provider, including (without limitation) a sale and repurchase agreement, securities lending agreement, securities buy/sell-back agreement or an irregular pledge.

“unable to pay its debts” has the meaning given by Section 200 (Definition of inability to pay debts).

“UNCITRAL Model Law” means the Model Law on cross-border insolvency as adopted by the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on 30th May 1997.

“unregistered company” has the meaning given in Section 265 (Application of this Part to “unregistered company”).

References to the “venue” for any proceeding or attendance before the Court or for a meeting are to—

(a)

the time, date and place for the proceeding, attendance or meeting; or

(b)

the time and date for a meeting which is held in accordance with paragraph 18 (Remote attendance at meetings) of Part 6 (Constitution of meetings) of Schedule 6 (Meetings and Correspondence) or paragraph 19 (Remote attendance at meetings of creditors’ committees) of Part 4 (Meetings of committee) of Schedule 7 (Creditors’ Committees) without any place being specified for it.

“voluntary winding-up” means a members’ voluntary winding-up and a creditor’s voluntary winding-up.

“winding-up by the Court” means a winding-up under Sections 199 (Circumstances in which a Company may be wound up by the Court), 203 (Petition for winding-up by

151

the Financial Services Regulator) and 266 (Winding-up of unregistered Companies) of these Regulations.

“winding-up proceedings” means—

(a)

a winding-up by the Court; or

(b)

a voluntary winding-up.

“witness statement” means a witness statement verified by a statement of truth in accordance with the ADGM Court Procedure Rules.

299. Meaning of “liability”, “into liquidation” and “into insolvent liquidation” and “in administration”, “enters administration” and “enters insolvent administration”

(1)

In any provision of these Regulations about winding-up or administration, except in so far as the context otherwise requires, “liability” means a liability to pay money or money’s worth, including, without limitation, any liability under an enactment, any liability for breach of trust, any liability in contract, tort or bailment, and any liability arising out of an obligation to make restitution.

(2)

A Company goes “into liquidation” if it passes a resolution for voluntary winding-up or an order for its winding-up is made by the Court at a time when it has not already gone into liquidation by passing such a resolution.

(3)

A Company goes “into insolvent liquidation” if at the time the Company goes into liquidation its assets were insufficient for the payment of its debts and other liabilities and the expenses of the winding-up.

(4)

References to a Company being “in administration” or that a Company “enters administration” shall be construed in accordance with Section 1(2) (Administration).

(5)

A Company enters “insolvent administration” if it enters administration at a time when its assets are insufficient for the payment of its debts and other liabilities and the expenses of the administration.

300. Meaning of “Associate”

(1)

For the purposes of these Regulations an “Associate” of another person is to be determined in accordance with this paragraph and any provision that a person is an Associate of another person is to be taken to mean that they are Associates of each other.

(2)

A person is an Associate of an individual if that person is—

(a)

the individual’s spouse (including former spouse);

(b)

a relative of the individual or the individual’s spouse (including former spouse); or

(c)

the spouse (including former spouse) of a relative of the individual or the individual’s spouse (including former spouse).

(3)

A person is an Associate of any person whom he employs or by whom he is employed.

(4)

A person in his capacity as trustee of a trust other than a pension scheme or an employees’ share scheme is an Associate of another person if the beneficiaries of the trust include, or the terms of the trust confer a power