 Office-holder.

(4)

The matters to be determined in fixing the basis of remuneration are—

(a)

which of the bases set out in sub-paragraph (2) are to be fixed and (where appropriate) in what combination;

(b)

the percentage or percentages (if any) to be fixed under sub-paragraphs (2)(a) and (3);

(c)

the amount (if any) to be set under sub-paragraph (2)(c).

(5)

In arriving at that determination, regard must be had to the following matters—

(a)

the complexity (or otherwise) of the case;

(b)

any respects in which, in connection with the Company’s affairs, there falls on the Office-holder, any responsibility of an exceptional kind or degree;

(c)

the effectiveness with which the Office-holder appears to be carrying out, or to have carried out, the Office-holder’s duties as such; and

(d)

the value and nature of the property with which the Office-holder has to deal.

(6)

If the Office-holder is a lawyer and employs the firm, or any partner in it, to act on behalf of the Company, profit costs must not be paid unless expressly authorised in the determination.

3.

Remuneration: procedure for initial determination

(1)

It is for the creditors’ committee, subject to sub-paragraph (4), to determine the basis of remuneration in an administration or winding-up of a Company (except in a members’ voluntary winding-up).

(2)

(a) creditors’ committee does not make the requisite determination, and—

If there is no creditors’ committee in an administration or winding-up, or the

(i)

in an administration, the case does not fall within sub-paragraph (3); or

(ii)

in a creditors’ voluntary winding-up or a winding-up by the Court, subject to sub-paragraph (4),

the basis of remuneration may be fixed by a resolution of a meeting of creditors.

(b) Where there is a Deed of Company Arrangement, the basis of remuneration

may be fixed by a resolution of a meeting of creditors.

(3)

If the administrator of a Company has made a statement under Section 61(6)(b) (Requirement for initial creditors’ meeting) and there is no creditors’ committee, or the creditors’ committee does not make the requisite determination, the basis of the administrator’s remuneration may be fixed by the approval of—

(a)

each secured creditor of the Company; or

(b)

if the administrator has made or intends to make a distribution to preferential creditors—

(i)

each secured creditor of the Company; and

265

(ii)

preferential creditors whose debts amount to more than 50% of the preferential debts of the Company, disregarding debts of any creditor who does not respond to an invitation to give or withhold approval.

(4) Where—

(a)

a Company which is in administration moves into winding-up under Section 122(1) (Moving creditors’ voluntary liquidation) and the administrator becomes the liquidator; or

(b)

a winding-up order is made immediately upon the appointment of an administrator ceasing to have effect and the Court under Section 210(3) (Appointment of provisional liquidator or of liquidator following administration) appoints as liquidator the person whose appointment as administrator has ceased to have effect,

the basis of remuneration fixed under this paragraph for the administrator is treated as having been fixed for the liquidator, and sub-paragraphs (1) and (2) do not apply.

(5)

In a members’ voluntary winding-up, it is for the Company in general meeting to determine the basis of remuneration.

(6)

If not fixed as above, the basis of the administrator’s remuneration or the liquidator’s remuneration in a voluntary winding-up (including a members’ voluntary winding-up) must, on application by the administrator or liquidator, be fixed by the Court.

(7)

An application under sub-paragraph (6) may not be made by the administrator or liquidator without having first sought fixing of the basis in accordance with sub- paragraph (1), (2), (3) or (5) (as the case may be).

(8)

In a members’ voluntary winding-up, the liquidator must deliver at least 14 days’ notice of an application under sub-paragraph (6