 must make such provision in relation to the proof as the Court directs.

36.

Notice of declaration of a dividend

(1) Where the Office-holder declares a dividend the Office-holder must deliver notice of that fact to, subject to sub-paragraph (3), all creditors who have proved for their debts.

(2)

The notice must include the following particulars relating to the Insolvency Proceedings—

(a)

amounts raised from the sale of assets, indicating (so far as practicable) amounts raised by the sale of particular assets;

(b)

payments made by the Office-holder in carrying out the Office-holder’s functions in relation to the Insolvency Proceedings;

(c)

provision (if any) made for unsettled claims, and funds (if any) retained for particular purposes;

(d)

the total amount to be distributed and the rate of dividend; and

(e)

whether, and if so when, any further dividend is expected to be declared.

(3) Where the Office-holder declares a dividend for preferential creditors only, the notice pursuant to sub-paragraph (1) need only be delivered to those preferential creditors who have proved for their debts.

37.

Payments of dividends and related matters

(1)

The dividend may be distributed simultaneously with the notice declaring it.

(2)

Payment of dividend may be made by post, or the Office-holder may, with the agreement of the creditor, arrange for it to be paid to the creditor by any other means or in any form, or held for the creditor’s collection.

(3) Where a dividend is paid on a bill of exchange or other negotiable instrument, the amount of the dividend must be endorsed on the instrument, or on a certified copy of it, if required to be produced by the holder for that purpose.

205

38.

Notice of no dividend, or no further dividend

If the Office-holder delivers notice to creditors that the Office-holder is unable to declare any dividend or (as the case may be) any further dividend, the notice must contain a statement to the effect either—

(a)

that no funds have been realised; or

(b)

that the funds realised have already been distributed or used or allocated for defraying the expenses of the Insolvency Proceedings.

39. Where sole or final dividend

(1) When the liquidator in a winding-up has realised all the Company’s assets or so much of them as can, in the liquidator’s opinion, be realised without needlessly prolonging the winding-up, the liquidator must deliver notice as provided for in this Part, either—

(a)

of the intention to declare a final dividend; or

(b)

that no dividend, or further dividend, will be declared.

(2)

The notice must contain all such particulars as are required by this Part and must require claims against the assets to be established by a date set out in the notice.

(3) Where, in an administration or winding-up, it is intended that the distribution is to be a sole or final dividend, after the date specified as the last date for proving in the notice under paragraph 31 (Notice of intention to declare a dividend) of Part 4 (Distributions to creditors) of this Schedule, the Office-holder—

(a)

in a winding-up, must defray any outstanding expenses of the winding-up out of the assets;

(b)

in an administration, must—

(i)

pay any outstanding expenses of a winding-up (including any of the items mentioned in Section 226 (General rule as to priority of expenses) of these Regulations) or provisional winding-up that immediately preceded the administration;

(ii)

pay any items payable in accordance with the provisions of Section 143 (Vacation of office: charges and liabilities) of these Regulations;

(iii)

the pay any amounts (including any debts or administrator’s own remuneration and expenses) which would, if the administrator were to cease to be the administrator of the Company, be payable out of the property of which the administrator had custody or control in accordance with the provisions of Section 143 (Vacation of office: charges and liabilities) of these Regulations; and

liabilities and

(c)

in a members’ voluntary winding-up may, and in every other case must, declare and distribute that dividend without regard to the claim of any person in respect of a debt not already proved.

(4)

The Court may, on the application of any person, postpone the date specified in the notice.

206

40.

41