 “Former Office-holder”), the Former Office-holder must as soon as reasonably practicable after the appointment of the New Office-holder deliver to the New Office- holder all proofs which the Former Office-holder has received, together with an itemised list of them.

(2)

The New Office-holder must authenticate the list and return it to the Former Office- holder. From then on, all proofs must be sent to and retained by the New Office-holder.

9.

Admission and rejection of proofs for dividend

(1)

A proof may be admitted for dividend either for the whole amount claimed by the creditor or for part of that amount.

(2)

If the Office-holder rejects a proof in whole or in part, the Office-holder must prepare a statement of the Office-holder’s reasons for doing so, and deliver or send it as soon as reasonably practicable to the creditor.

10.

Appeal against decision on proof

(1)

If a creditor is dissatisfied with the Office-holder’s decision in relation to the creditor’s proof (including any decision on the question of preference), the creditor may apply to the Court for the decision to be reversed or varied. The application must be made within 21 days of the creditor receiving the statement sent under paragraph 9(2) (Admission and rejection of proofs for dividend) of Part 3 (Creditors’ claims) of this Schedule.

(2)

A member, a contributory or any other creditor may, if dissatisfied with the Office- holder’s decision admitting or rejecting the whole or any part of a proof, make such an application within 21 days of becoming aware of the Office-holder’s decision.

(3)

The Court will fix a venue for the application to be heard, notice of which must be sent by the applicant to the creditor who delivered the proof in question (if the applicant is not the creditor who delivered the proof in question) and the Office-holder.

(4)

The Office-holder must, on receipt of the notice, file with the Court the relevant proof, together (if appropriate) with a copy of the statement sent under paragraph 9(2) (Admission and rejection of proofs for dividend) of Part 3 (Creditors’ claims) of this Schedule.

(5) Where the application is made by a member or a contributory, the Court will not disallow the proof (in whole or in part) unless the member or the contributory shows that there is (or would be but for the amount claimed in the proof), or that it is likely that

194

there will be (or would be but for the amount claimed in the proof), a surplus of assets to which the Company would be entitled.

(6)

After the application has been heard and determined, the proof must, unless it has been wholly disallowed, be returned by the Court to the Office-holder.

(7)

Office-holders are not personally liable for costs incurred by any person in respect of an application under this paragraph unless the Court otherwise orders.

11. Withdrawal or variation of proof

A creditor’s proof may at any time, by agreement between the creditor and the Office- holder concerned, be withdrawn or varied as to the amount claimed.

12.

Exclusion of proof by the Court

(1)

The Court may exclude a proof or reduce the amount claimed—

(a)

on the Office-holder’s application, where the Office-holder thinks that the proof has been improperly admitted, or ought to be reduced; or

(b)

on the application of a creditor, a member or a contributory, if the Office-holder declines to interfere in the matter.

(2) Where the application is made by a member or a contributory, the Court will not exclude a proof or reduce the amount claimed (in whole or in part) unless the member or the contributory shows that there is (or would be but for the amount claimed in the proof), or that there will be (or would be but for the amount claimed in the proof), a surplus of assets to which the Company would be entitled.

(3) Where application is made to the Court under sub-paragraph (1), the Court will fix a venue for the application to be heard, notice of which must be sent by the applicant—

(a)

in the case of an application by the Office-holder, to the creditor who made the proof; and

(b)

in the case of an application by a creditor, a member or a contributory