’s insolvency) or 186 (Meetings of members and creditors)) must publish a notice of the meeting on the Registrar’s website or in an English language newspaper

212

(2)

(3)

(4)

9.

(1)

(2)

10.

(1)

(2)

(3)

distributed in the United Arab Emirates and available in the Abu Dhabi Global Market stating—

(a)

the standard contents;

(b)

that a meeting of creditors or contributories or a Company meeting is to take place;

(c)

the venue fixed for the meeting;

(d)

the purpose of the meeting; and

(e)

the time and date by which, and place at which, those attending must deliver proxies and (in the case of a meeting of creditors) claims or proofs (if not already delivered) in order to be entitled to vote.

In a creditors’ voluntary winding-up or a compulsory winding-up the notice must also state—

(a)

who summoned the meeting; and

(b)

if the meeting was summoned at the request of a creditor, the fact that it was so summoned and the Section of these Regulations under which it was summoned.

The notice must be published before or as soon as reasonably practicable after notice is delivered to those attending.

Information published under this paragraph may also be published in such other manner as the convener thinks fit.

Publication of notice of meetings under Sections 183 and 186

A notice under Section 183 (Effect of Company’s insolvency) or Section 186 (Meetings of members and creditors) must contain, in addition to the standard contents, a statement that the convenor shall furnish free of charge such information concerning the affairs of the Company as they may reasonably require and, in the case of Section 186 (Meetings of members and creditors), the place where a list of the names and addresses of the Company’s creditors will be available for inspection free of charge.

The notice must also state the purpose of, and venue fixed for, the meeting, and the time and date by which, and place at which, those attending must deliver proxies and claims or proofs (if not already delivered) in order to be entitled to vote.

Notice to Company officers and other people

In an administration, notice to attend an initial creditors’ meeting must be delivered to every present or former officer of the Company whose presence the administrator thinks is required.

These notices must be delivered at the same time that notice is delivered to creditors in compliance with Section 61(1) (Requirement for initial creditors’ meeting).

In a creditors’ voluntary winding-up or a winding-up by the Court the convener must deliver a notice at least 14 days before the date fixed for the meeting to such of the persons referred to in Section 255(2)(a) to (e) (Duty to co-operate with Office-holder) as the convener thinks should be told of, or attend, the meeting.

213

(4)

11.

12.

13.

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

Every person who receives a notice under sub-paragraph (1), and every person who receives a notice under sub-paragraph (3) which states that that person is required to attend the meeting, must attend.

Non-receipt of notice of meeting

Where a meeting is summoned by notice in accordance with these Regulations, the meeting is presumed to have been duly summoned and held, even if not everyone to whom the notice is to be delivered has received it.

PART 4

MEETINGS IN PARTICULAR PROCEEDINGS

Creditors’ meetings in administration: notice of extension of time

Where the Court orders an extension to the period set out in Section 61(2)(b) (Requirement for initial creditors’ meeting), the administrator must deliver a notice of the extension to each person to whom the administrator is required to deliver a notice by Section 56(5) (Administrator’s proposals).

PART 5

REQUISITIONED MEETINGS

Requisition of meetings

In this Part, “requisitioned meeting” means a meeting requested under Section 61(7) (Requirement for initial creditors’ meeting), Section 71(1) (Further creditors’ meetings) or Section 90(1)(b) (Meeting of creditors to consider variation or termination).

A request for a meeting under Section 61(7) (Requirement for initial creditors’ meeting) must be delivered within eight