 assignment and has a duty to make payment or give other performance to the assignee, if but only if: the debtor has been given notice of the assignment in writing by or with the authority of the assignor; and

(b)

the notice identifies the associated rights.

2. Irrespective of any other ground on which payment or performance by the debtor discharges the latter from liability, payment or performance shall be effective for this purpose if made in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Nothing in this Article shall affect the priority of competing assignments.

— Default remedies in respect of assignment

by way of security

In the event of default by the assignor under the assignment of associated rights and the related international interest made by way of security, Articles 8, 9 and 11 to 14 apply in the relations between the assignor and the assignee (and, in relation to associated rights, apply in so far as those provisions are capable of application to intangible property) as if references:

(a)

to the secured obligation and the security interest were references to the obligation secured by the assignment of the associated rights and the related international interest and the security interest created by that assignment;

(b)

to the chargee or creditor and chargor or debtor were references to the assignee and assignor;

(c)

to the holder of the international interest were references to the assignee; and

(d)

to the object were references to the assigned associated rights and the related international interest.

— Priority of competing assignments

1. Where there are competing assignments of associated rights and at least one of the assignments includes the related international interest and is registered, the provisions of Article 29 apply as if the references to a registered interest were references to an assignment of the associated rights and the related registered interest and as if references to a registered or unregistered interest were references to a registered or unregistered assignment.

2. Article 30 applies to an assignment of associated rights as if the references to an international interest were references to an assignment of the associated rights and the related international interest. —Assignee’s priority with respect to associated rights

1. The assignee of associated rights and the related international interest whose assignment has been registered only has priority under Article 35(1) over another assignee of the associated rights: if the contract under which the associated rights arise states that they are secured by or associated with the object; and

(b)

to the extent that the associated rights are related to an object.

299

2. For the purposes of sub-paragraph (b) of the preceding paragraph, associated rights are related to an object only to the extent that they consist of rights to payment or performance that relate to: (a)

2. For the purposes of sub-paragraph (b) of the preceding paragraph, associated rights are related to an object only to the extent that they consist of rights to payment or performance that relate to: a sum advanced and utilised for the purchase of the object;

(b)

a sum advanced and utilised for the purchase of another object in which the assignor held another international interest if the assignor transferred that interest to the assignee and the assignment has been registered;

(c)

the price payable for the object;

(d)

the rentals payable in respect of the object; or

other obligations arising from a transaction referred to in any of the preceding subparagraphs.

3. shall be determined by the applicable law.

In all other cases, the priority of the competing assignments of the associated rights

— Effects of assignor’s insolvency

The provisions of Article 30 apply to insolvency proceedings against the assignor as if references to the debtor were references to the assignor.

— Subrogation

1. Subject to paragraph 2, nothing in this Convention affects the acquisition of associated rights and the related international interest by legal or contractual subrogation under the applicable law.

2. The priority between any interest within the preceding paragraph and a competing interest may be varied by agreement in writing between the holders of the respective interests but an assignee of a subordinated interest is not bound by an agreement to subordinate that interest unless at the time of the assignment a subordination had been registered relating to that agreement. Chapter X

Rights or interests subject to declarations by Contracting States

— Rights having priority without registration

1. the Protocol declare, generally or specifically:

A Contracting State may at any time, in a declaration deposited with the Depositary of

(a)

those