 When the competent bodies of the Depositary adjudge such a draft Protocol ripe for

4. adoption, the Depositary shall convene a diplomatic conference for its adoption.

5. apply to the category of objects covered thereby.

Once such a Protocol has been adopted, subject to paragraph 6, this Convention shall

6. for in that Protocol.

Article 45 bis of this Convention applies to such a Protocol only if specifically provided

— Territorial units

1. If a Contracting State has territorial units in which different systems of law are applicable in relation to the matters dealt with in this Convention, it may, at the time of ratification, acceptance, approval or accession, declare that this Convention is to extend to all its territorial units or only to one or more of them and may modify its declaration by submitting another declaration at any time. Any such declaration shall state expressly the territorial units to which this Convention

2. applies.

3. Convention shall apply to all territorial units of that State.

If a Contracting State has not made any declaration under paragraph 1, this

4. Where a Contracting State extends this Convention to one or more of its territorial units, declarations permitted under this Convention may be made in respect of each such territorial unit, and the declarations made in respect of one territorial unit may be different from those made in respect of another territorial unit. If by virtue of a declaration under paragraph 1, this Convention extends to one or more

5. territorial units of a Contracting State:

(a)

the debtor is considered to be situated in a Contracting State only if it is incorporated or formed under a law in force in a territorial unit to which this Convention applies or if it has its registered office or statutory seat, centre of

304

administration, place of business or habitual residence in a territorial unit to which this Convention applies;

(b)

any reference to the location of the object in a Contracting State refers to the location of the object in a territorial unit to which this Convention applies; and

(c)

any reference to the administrative authorities in that Contracting State shall be construed as referring to the administrative authorities having jurisdiction in a territorial unit to which this Convention applies.

— Determination of courts

A Contracting State may, at the time of ratification, acceptance, approval of, or accession to the Protocol, declare the relevant “court” or “courts” for the purposes of Article 1 and Chapter XII of this Convention.

— Declarations regarding remedies

1. A Contracting State may, at the time of ratification, acceptance, approval of, or accession to the Protocol, declare that while the charged object is situated within, or controlled from its territory the chargee shall not grant a lease of the object in that territory.

2. A Contracting State shall, at the time of ratification, acceptance, approval of, or accession to the Protocol, declare whether or not any remedy available to the creditor under any provision of this Convention which is not there expressed to require application to the court may be exercised only with leave of the court. — Declarations regarding relief

pending final determination

A Contracting State may, at the time of ratification, acceptance, approval of, or accession to the Protocol, declare that it will not apply the provisions of Article 13 or Article 43, or both, wholly or in part. The declaration shall specify under which conditions the relevant Article will be applied, in case it will be applied partly, or otherwise which other forms of interim relief will be applied.

— Reservations and declarations

1. No reservations may be made to this Convention but declarations authorised by Articles 39, 40, 50, 52, 53, 54, 55, 57, 58 and 60 may be made in accordance with these provisions. Any declaration or subsequent declaration or any withdrawal of a declaration made

2. under this Convention shall be notified in writing to the Depositary.

— Subsequent declarations

A State Party may make a subsequent declaration, other than a declaration authorised 1. under Article 60, at any time after the date on which this Convention has entered into force for it, by notifying the Depositary to that effect.

Any such subsequent declaration shall take effect on the first day of the month 2. following the expiration of six months after the date of receipt of the notification by the Depositary. Where a longer period for that declaration to take effect