 authority, that authorisation shall be so recorded.

3. The person in whose favour the authorisation has been issued (the “authorised party”) or its certified designee shall be the sole person entitled to exercise the remedies specified in Article IX(1) and may do so only in accordance with the authorisation and applicable aviation safety laws and regulations. Such authorisation may not be revoked by the debtor without the consent in writing of the authorised party. The registry authority shall remove an authorisation from the registry at the request of the authorised party. The registry authority and other administrative authorities in Contracting States shall 4. expeditiously co-operate with and assist the authorised party in the exercise of the remedies specified in Article IX.

Article XIV — Modification of priority provisions

1. A buyer of an aircraft object under a registered sale acquires its interest in that object free from an interest subsequently registered and from an unregistered interest, even if the buyer has actual knowledge of the unregistered interest. A buyer of an aircraft object acquires its interest in that object subject to an interest

2. registered at the time of its acquisition.

3. its installation on or removal from an aircraft.

Ownership of or another right or interest in an aircraft engine shall not be affected by

4. airframe, aircraft engine or helicopter.

Article 29(7) of the Convention applies to an item, other than an object, installed on an

Article XV — Modification of assignment provisions

Article 33(1) of the Convention applies as if the following were added immediately after sub- paragraph (b):

“and (c) the debtor has consented in writing, whether or not the consent is given in advance of the assignment or identifies the assignee.”

Article XVI — Debtor provisions

1. In the absence of a default within the meaning of Article 11 of the Convention, the debtor shall be entitled to the quiet possession and use of the object in accordance with the agreement as against: (a) its creditor and the holder of any interest from which the debtor takes free pursuant to Article 29(4) of the Convention or, in the capacity of buyer, Article XIV(1) of this Protocol, unless and to the extent that the debtor has otherwise agreed; and

the holder of any interest to which the debtor’s right or interest is subject (b) pursuant to Article 29(4) of the Convention or, in the capacity of buyer, Article XIV(2) of this Protocol, but only to the extent, if any, that such holder has agreed.

316

2. Nothing in the Convention or this Protocol affects the liability of a creditor for any breach of the agreement under the applicable law in so far as that agreement relates to an aircraft object. Chapter III

Registry provisions relating to international interests in aircraft objects

Article XVII — The Supervisory Authority and the Registrar

The Supervisory Authority shall be the international entity designated by a Resolution 1. adopted by the Diplomatic Conference to Adopt a Mobile Equipment Convention and an Aircraft Protocol.

Where the international entity referred to in the preceding paragraph is not able and 2. willing to act as Supervisory Authority, a Conference of Signatory and Contracting States shall be convened to designate another Supervisory Authority.

3. The Supervisory Authority and its officers and employees shall enjoy such immunity from legal and administrative process as is provided under the rules applicable to them as an international entity or otherwise.

4. The Supervisory Authority may establish a commission of experts, from among persons nominated by Signatory and Contracting States and having the necessary qualifications and experience, and entrust it with the task of assisting the Supervisory Authority in the discharge of its functions.

5. The first Registrar shall operate the International Registry for a period of five years from the date of entry into force of this Protocol. Thereafter, the Registrar shall be appointed or reappointed at regular five-yearly intervals by the Supervisory Authority. Article XVIII — First regulations

The first regulations shall be made by the Supervisory Authority so as to take effect upon the entry into force of this Protocol.

Article XIX — Designated entry points

1. Subject to paragraph 2, a Contracting State may at any time designate an entity or entities in its territory as the entry point or entry points through which there shall or may be transmitted to the International Registry information required for registration other than registration of a notice of a national interest or a