(a)

is in writing;

(b)

relates to an aircraft object of which the seller has power to dispose; and

(c)

enables the aircraft object to be identified in conformity with this Protocol.

2. according to its terms.

A contract of sale transfers the interest of the seller in the aircraft object to the buyer

3. Registration of a contract of sale remains effective indefinitely. Registration of a prospective sale remains effective unless discharged or until expiry of the period, if any, specified in the registration. Article VI — Representative capacities

A person may enter into an agreement or a sale, and register an international interest in, or a sale of, an aircraft object, in an agency, trust or other representative capacity. In such case, that person is entitled to assert rights and interests under the Convention.

Article VII — Description of aircraft objects

A description of an aircraft object that contains its manufacturer’s serial number, the name of the manufacturer and its model designation is necessary and sufficient to identify the object for the purposes of Article 7(c) of the Convention and Article V(1)(c) of this Protocol.

Article VIII — Choice of law

1. to Article XXX(1).

This Article applies only where a Contracting State has made a declaration pursuant

The parties to an agreement, or a contract of sale, or a related guarantee contract or 2. subordination agreement may agree on the law which is to govern their contractual rights and obligations, wholly or in part.

Unless otherwise agreed, the reference in the preceding paragraph to the law chosen 3. by the parties is to the domestic rules of law of the designated State or, where that State comprises several territorial units, to the domestic law of the designated territorial unit.

Chapter II

Default remedies, priorities and assignments

Article IX — Modification of default remedies provisions

1. In addition to the remedies specified in Chapter III of the Convention, the creditor may, to the extent that the debtor has at any time so agreed and in the circumstances specified in that Chapter: procure the de-registration of the aircraft; and

(b) in which it is situated.

procure the export and physical transfer of the aircraft object from the territory

The creditor shall not exercise the remedies specified in the preceding paragraph 2. without the prior consent in writing of the holder of any registered interest ranking in priority to that of the creditor.

312

3. Article 8(3) of the Convention shall not apply to aircraft objects. Any remedy given by the Convention in relation to an aircraft object shall be exercised in a commercially reasonable manner. A remedy shall be deemed to be exercised in a commercially reasonable manner where it is exercised in conformity with a provision of the agreement except where such a provision is manifestly unreasonable.

4. A chargee giving ten or more working days’ prior written notice of a proposed sale or lease to interested persons shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement of providing “reasonable prior notice” specified in Article 8(4) of the Convention. The foregoing shall not prevent a chargee and a chargor or a guarantor from agreeing to a longer period of prior notice. The registry authority in a Contracting State shall, subject to any applicable safety laws

5. and regulations, honour a request for de-registration and export if:

(a) irrevocable deregistration and export request authorisation; and

the request is properly submitted by the authorised party under a recorded

the authorised party certifies to the registry authority, if required by that (b) authority, that all registered interests ranking in priority to that of the creditor in whose favour the authorisation has been issued have been discharged or that the holders of such interests have consented to the de-registration and export.

A chargee proposing to procure the de-registration and export of an aircraft under 6. paragraph 1 otherwise than pursuant to a court order shall give reasonable prior notice in writing of the proposed deregistration and export to:

(a)

interested persons specified in Article 1(m)(i) and (ii) of the Convention; and

(b) interested persons specified in Article 1(m)(iii) of the Convention who have given notice of their rights to the chargee within a reasonable time prior to the de - registration and export.

Article X — Modification of provisions regarding relief pending final determination

1. Article XXX(2) and to the extent stated in such declaration.

This Article applies only where a Contracting State has made a declaration