 only in the territory of that Contracting State.

A court has jurisdiction under the preceding paragraphs even if the final determination 3. of the claim referred to in Article 13(1) will or may take place in a court of another Contracting State or by arbitration.

301

—Jurisdiction to make orders against the Registrar

1. have exclusive jurisdiction to award damages or make orders against the Registrar.

The courts of the place in which the Registrar has its centre of administration shall

2. Where a person fails to respond to a demand made under Article 25 and that person has ceased to exist or cannot be found for the purpose of enabling an order to be made against it requiring it to procure discharge of the registration, the courts referred to in the preceding paragraph shall have exclusive jurisdiction, on the application of the debtor or intending debtor, to make an order directed to the Registrar requiring the Registrar to discharge the registration.

3. Where a person fails to comply with an order of a court having jurisdiction under this Convention or, in the case of a national interest, an order of a court of competent jurisdiction requiring that person to procure the amendment or discharge of a registration, the courts referred to in paragraph 1 may direct the Registrar to take such steps as will give effect to that order. Except as otherwise provided by the preceding paragraphs, no court may make orders

4. or give judgments or rulings against or purporting to bind the Registrar.

—Jurisdiction in respect of insolvency proceedings

The provisions of this Chapter are not applicable to insolvency proceedings.

Chapter XIII

Relationship with other Conventions

bis — Relationship with the United Nations Convention on the

Assignment of Receivables in International Trade

This Convention shall prevail over the United Nations Convention on the Assignment of Receivables in International Trade, opened for signature in New York on 12 December 2001, as it relates to the assignment of receivables which are associated rights related to international interests in aircraft objects, railway rolling stock and space assets.

— Relationship with the UNIDROIT Convention

on International Financial Leasing

The Protocol may determine the relationship between this Convention and the UNIDROIT Convention on International Financial Leasing, signed at Ottawa on 28 May 1988.

Chapter XIV

Final provisions

— Signature, ratification, acceptance, approval or accession

1. This Convention shall be open for signature in Cape Town on 16 November 2001 by States participating in the Diplomatic Conference to Adopt a Mobile Equipment Convention and an Aircraft Protocol held at Cape Town from 29 October to 16 November 2001. After 16 November 2001, the Convention shall be open to all States for signature at the Headquarters of the International Institute for the Unification of Private Law (UNIDROIT) in Rome until it enters into force in accordance with Article 49. This Convention shall be subject to ratification, acceptance or approval by States which

2. have signed it.

302

3.

Any State which does not sign this Convention may accede to it at any time.

4. instrument to that effect with the Depositary.

Ratification, acceptance, approval or accession is effected by the deposit of a formal

— Regional Economic Integration Organisations

1. A Regional Economic Integration Organisation which is constituted by sovereign States and has competence over certain matters governed by this Convention may similarly sign, accept, approve or accede to this Convention. The Regional Economic Integration Organisation shall in that case have the rights and obligations of a Contracting State, to the extent that that Organisation has competence over matters governed by this Convention. Where the number of Contracting States is relevant in this Convention, the Regional Economic Integration Organisation shall not count as a Contracting State in addition to its Member States which are Contracting States.

2. The Regional Economic Integration Organisation shall, at the time of signature, acceptance, approval or accession, make a declaration to the Depositary specifying the matters governed by this Convention in respect of which competence has been transferred to that Organisation by its Member States. The Regional Economic Integration Organisation shall promptly notify the Depositary of any changes to the distribution of competence, including new transfers of competence, specified in the declaration under this paragraph. Any reference to a “Contracting State” or “Contracting States” or “State Party” or 3. “States Parties” in this Convention applies equally to a Regional Economic Integration Organisation where the context so requires.

— Entry into