.

2. The priority between any interest within the preceding paragraph and a competing interest may be varied by agreement in writing between the holders of the respective interests but an assignee of a subordinated interest is not bound by an agreement to subordinate that interest unless at the time of the assignment a subordination had been registered relating to that agreement. Chapter X

Rights or interests subject to declarations by Contracting States

— Rights having priority without registration

1. the Protocol declare, generally or specifically:

A Contracting State may at any time, in a declaration deposited with the Depositary of

(a)

those categories of non-consensual right or interest (other than a right or interest to which Article 40 applies) which under that State’s law have priority over an interest in an object equivalent to that of the holder of a registered international interest and which shall have priority over a registered international interest, whether in or outside insolvency proceedings; and

(b)

that nothing in this Convention shall affect the right of a State or State entity, intergovernmental organisation or other private provider of public services to arrest or detain an object under the laws of that State for payment of amounts owed to such entity, organisation or provider directly relating to those services in respect of that object or another object.

2. categories that are created after the deposit of that declaration.

A declaration made under the preceding paragraph may be expressed to cover

300

3. A non-consensual right or interest has priority over an international interest if and only if the former is of a category covered by a declaration deposited prior to the registration of the international interest.

4. Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, a Contracting State may, at the time of ratification, acceptance, approval of, or accession to the Protocol, declare that a right or interest of a category covered by a declaration made under sub-paragraph (a) of paragraph 1 shall have priority over an international interest registered prior to the date of such ratification, acceptance, approval or accession. — Registrable non-consensual rights or interests

A Contracting State may at any time in a declaration deposited with the Depositary of the Protocol list the categories of non-consensual right or interest which shall be registrable under this Convention as regards any category of object as if the right or interest were an international interest and shall be regulated accordingly. Such a declaration may be modified from time to time.

Chapter XI

Application of the Convention to sales

— Sale and prospective sale

This Convention shall apply to the sale or prospective sale of an object as provided for in the Protocol with any modifications therein.

Chapter XII

Jurisdiction

— Choice of forum

Subject to Articles 43 and 44, the courts of a Contracting State chosen by the parties 1. to a transaction have jurisdiction in respect of any claim brought under this Convention, whether or not the chosen forum has a connection with the parties or the transaction. Such jurisdiction shall be exclusive unless otherwise agreed between the parties.

2. formal requirements of the law of the chosen forum.

Any such agreement shall be in writing or otherwise concluded in accordance with the

—Jurisdiction under Article 13

1. The courts of a Contracting State chosen by the parties and the courts of the Contracting State on the territory of which the object is situated have jurisdiction to grant relief under Article 13(1)(a), (b), (c) and Article 13(4) in respect of that object. Jurisdiction to grant relief under Article 13(1)(d) or other interim relief by virtue of

2. Article 13(4) may be exercised either:

(a)

by the courts chosen by the parties; or

(b)

by the courts of a Contracting State on the territory of which the debtor is situated, being relief which, by the terms of the order granting it, is enforceable only in the territory of that Contracting State.

A court has jurisdiction under the preceding paragraphs even if the final determination 3. of the claim referred to in Article 13(1) will or may take place in a court of another Contracting State or by arbitration.

301

—Jurisdiction to make orders against the Registrar

1. have exclusive jurisdiction to award damages or make orders against the Registrar.

The courts of the place in which the Registrar has its centre of administration shall

2. Where a person fails to respond to a demand made under Article 25 and that person has ceased to