 thereto;

(m)

“insolvency-related event” means:

(i)

the commencement of the insolvency proceedings; or

the declared intention to suspend or actual suspension of payments by (ii) the debtor where the creditor’s right to institute insolvency proceedings against the debtor or to exercise remedies under the Convention is prevented or suspended by law or State action;

“primary insolvency jurisdiction” means the Contracting State in which the (n) centre of the debtor’s main interests is situated, which for this purpose shall be deemed to be the place of the debtor’s statutory seat or, if there is none, the place where the debtor is incorporated or formed, unless proved otherwise;

(o) “registry authority” means the national authority or the common mark registering authority, maintaining an aircraft register in a Contracting State and responsible for the registration and de-registration of an aircraft in accordance with the Chicago Convention; and

310

(p) “State of registry” means, in respect of an aircraft, the State on the national register of which an aircraft is entered or the State of location of the common mark registering authority maintaining the aircraft register.

Article II —Application of Convention as regards aircraft objects

1. this Protocol.

The Convention shall apply in relation to aircraft objects as provided by the terms of

2. Interests in Mobile Equipment as applied to aircraft objects.

The Convention and this Protocol shall be known as the Convention on International

Article III — Application of Convention to sales

The following provisions of the Convention apply as if references to an agreement creating or providing for an international interest were references to a contract of sale and as if references to an international interest, a prospective international interest, the debtor and the creditor were references to a sale, a prospective sale, the seller and the buyer respectively:

Articles 3 and 4;

Article 16(1)(a);

Article 19(4);

Article 20(1) (as regards registration of a contract of sale or a prospective sale);

Article 25(2) (as regards a prospective sale); and

Article 30.

In addition, the general provisions of Article 1, Article 5, Chapters IV to VII, Article 29 (other than Article 29(3) which is replaced by Article XIV(1) and (2)), Chapter X, Chapter XII (other than Article 43), Chapter XIII and Chapter XIV (other than Article 60) shall apply to contracts of sale and prospective sales.

Article IV — Sphere of application

Without prejudice to Article 3(1) of the Convention, the Convention shall also apply in 1. relation to a helicopter, or to an airframe pertaining to an aircraft, registered in an aircraft register of a Contracting State which is the State of registry, and where such registration is made pursuant to an agreement for registration of the aircraft it is deemed to have been effected at the time of the agreement.

2.

For the purposes of the definition of “internal transaction” in Article 1 of the Convention:

(a)

an airframe is located in the State of registry of the aircraft of which it is a part;

(b) installed or, if it is not installed on an aircraft, where it is physically located; and

an aircraft engine is located in the State of registry of the aircraft on which it is

(c)

a helicopter is located in its State of registry,

at the time of the conclusion of the agreement creating or providing for the interest.

3. The parties may, by agreement in writing, exclude the application of Article XI and, in their relations with each other, derogate from or vary the effect of any of the provisions of this Protocol except Article IX (2)-(4).

311

Article V — Formalities, effects and registration of contracts of sale

1.

For the purposes of this Protocol, a contract of sale is one which:

(a)

is in writing;

(b)

relates to an aircraft object of which the seller has power to dispose; and

(c)

enables the aircraft object to be identified in conformity with this Protocol.

2. according to its terms.

A contract of sale transfers the interest of the seller in the aircraft object to the buyer

3. Registration of a contract of sale remains effective indefinitely. Registration of a prospective sale remains effective unless discharged or until expiry of the period, if any, specified in the registration. Article VI — Representative capacities

A person may enter into an agreement or a sale, and