 shall give reasonable prior notice in writing of the proposed deregistration and export to:

(a)

interested persons specified in Article 1(m)(i) and (ii) of the Convention; and

(b) interested persons specified in Article 1(m)(iii) of the Convention who have given notice of their rights to the chargee within a reasonable time prior to the de - registration and export.

Article X — Modification of provisions regarding relief pending final determination

1. Article XXX(2) and to the extent stated in such declaration.

This Article applies only where a Contracting State has made a declaration under

2. For the purposes of Article 13(1) of the Convention, “speedy” in the context of obtaining relief means within such number of working days from the date of filing of the application for relief as is specified in a declaration made by the Contracting State in which the application is made. Article 13(1) of the Convention applies with the following being added immediately after

3. sub-paragraph (d):

if at any time the debtor and the creditor specifically agree, sale and application “(e) of proceeds therefrom”, and Article 43(2) applies with the insertion after the words “Article 13(1)(d)” of the words “and (e)”.

is free from any other interest over which the creditor’s international interest has priority under the provisions of Article 29 of the Convention.

4. exclude the application of Article 13(2) of the Convention.

The creditor and the debtor or any other interested person may agree in writing to

313

5.

With regard to the remedies in Article IX(1):

(a) they shall be made available by the registry authority and other administrative authorities, as applicable, in a Contracting State no later than five working days after the creditor notifies such authorities that the relief specified in Article IX(1) is granted or, in the case of relief granted by a foreign court, recognised by a court of that Contracting State, and that the creditor is entitled to procure those remedies in accordance with the Convention; and

(b) the applicable authorities shall expeditiously co-operate with and assist the creditor in the exercise of such remedies in conformity with the applicable aviation safety laws and regulations.

6.

Paragraphs 2 and 6 shall not affect any applicable aviation safety laws and regulations.

Article XI — Remedies on insolvency

1. jurisdiction has made a declaration pursuant to Article XXX(3).

This Article applies only where a Contracting State that is the primary insolvency

Alternative A

2. Upon the occurrence of an insolvency-related event, the insolvency administrator or the debtor, as applicable, shall, subject to paragraph 7, give possession of the aircraft object to the creditor no later than the earlier of: the end of the waiting period; and

(b) object if this Article did not apply.

the date on which the creditor would be entitled to possession of the aircraft

3. declaration of the Contracting State which is the primary insolvency jurisdiction.

For the purposes of this Article, the “waiting period” shall be the period specified in a

4. official, not in its personal, capacity.

References in this Article to the “insolvency administrator” shall be to that person in its

5. paragraph 2:

Unless and until the creditor is given the opportunity to take possession under

(a) aircraft object and maintain it and its value in accordance with the agreement; and

the insolvency administrator or the debtor, as applicable, shall preserve the

(b) available under the applicable law.

the creditor shall be entitled to apply for any other forms of interim relief

6. Sub-paragraph (a) of the preceding paragraph shall not preclude the use of the aircraft object under arrangements designed to preserve the aircraft object and maintain it and its value.

7. The insolvency administrator or the debtor, as applicable, may retain possession of the aircraft object where, by the time specified in paragraph 2, it has cured all defaults other than a default constituted by the opening of insolvency proceedings and has agreed to perform all future obligations under the agreement. A second waiting period shall not apply in respect of a default in the performance of such future obligations. With regard to the remedies in Article IX(1):

(a) they shall be made available by the registry authority and the administrative authorities in a Contracting State, as applicable, no