 and its value.

7. The insolvency administrator or the debtor, as applicable, may retain possession of the aircraft object where, by the time specified in paragraph 2, it has cured all defaults other than a default constituted by the opening of insolvency proceedings and has agreed to perform all future obligations under the agreement. A second waiting period shall not apply in respect of a default in the performance of such future obligations. With regard to the remedies in Article IX(1):

(a) they shall be made available by the registry authority and the administrative authorities in a Contracting State, as applicable, no later than five working days after

314

the date on which the creditor notifies such authorities that it is entitled to procure those remedies in accordance with the Convention; and

(b) the applicable authorities shall expeditiously co-operate with and assist the creditor in the exercise of such remedies in conformity with the applicable aviation safety laws and regulations.

9. prevented or delayed after the date specified in paragraph 2.

No exercise of remedies permitted by the Convention or this Protocol may be

10. of the creditor.

No obligations of the debtor under the agreement may be modified without the consent

11. the insolvency administrator under the applicable law to terminate the agreement.

Nothing in the preceding paragraph shall be construed to affect the authority, if any, of

12. No rights or interests, except for non-consensual rights or interests of a category covered by a declaration pursuant to Article 39(1), shall have priority in insolvency proceedings over registered interests. The Convention as modified by Article IX of this Protocol shall apply to the exercise of

13. any remedies under this Article.

Alternative B

1. Upon the occurrence of an insolvency-related event, the insolvency administrator or the debtor, as applicable, upon the request of the creditor, shall give notice to the creditor within the time specified in a declaration of a Contracting State pursuant to Article XXX(3) whether it will: (a) cure all defaults other than a default constituted by the opening of insolvency proceedings and agree to perform all future obligations, under the agreement and related transaction documents; or

(b)

with the applicable law.

2. The applicable law referred to in sub-paragraph (b) of the preceding paragraph may permit the court to require the taking of any additional step or the provision of any additional guarantee. The creditor shall provide evidence of its claims and proof that its international interest

3. has been registered.

4. If the insolvency administrator or the debtor, as applicable, does not give notice in conformity with paragraph 2, or when the insolvency administrator or the debtor has declared that it will give the creditor the opportunity to take possession of the aircraft object but fails to do so, the court may permit the creditor to take possession of the aircraft object upon such terms as the court may order and may require the taking of any additional step or the provision of any additional guarantee. The aircraft object shall not be sold pending a decision by a court regarding the claim

5. and the international interest.

Article XII — Insolvency assistance

1. to Article XXX(1).

This Article applies only where a Contracting State has made a declaration pursuant

2. The courts of a Contracting State in which an aircraft object is situated shall, in accordance with the law of the Contracting State, co-operate to the maximum extent possible

315

with foreign courts and foreign insolvency administrators in carrying out the provisions of Article XI.

Article XIII — De-registration and export request authorisation

1. to Article XXX(1).

This Article applies only where a Contracting State has made a declaration pursuant

2. Where the debtor has issued an irrevocable de-registration and export request authorisation substantially in the form annexed to this Protocol and has submitted such authorisation for recordation to the registry authority, that authorisation shall be so recorded.

3. The person in whose favour the authorisation has been issued (the “authorised party”) or its certified designee shall be the sole person entitled to exercise the remedies specified in Article IX(1) and may do so only in accordance with the authorisation and applicable aviation safety laws and regulations. Such authorisation may not be revoked by the debtor without the consent in writing of the authorised party. The registry authority shall remove an authorisation from the registry at the request of the authorised party. The registry authority and other administrative authorities in Contracting