 by the debtor delivered to or received at its address stated in the registration. —Access to the

international registration facilities

No person shall be denied access to the registration and search facilities of the International Registry on any ground other than its failure to comply with the procedures prescribed by this Chapter.

Chapter VI

Privileges and immunities of the Supervisory Authority and the Registrar

— Legal personality; immunity

1. possessing such personality.

The Supervisory Authority shall have international legal personality where not already

2. from legal or administrative process as is specified in the Protocol.

The Supervisory Authority and its officers and employees shall enjoy such immunity

3.

(a)

The Supervisory Authority shall enjoy exemption from taxes and such other privileges as may be provided by agreement with the host State.

(b)

For the purposes of this paragraph, “host State” means the State in which the Supervisory Authority is situated.

4. inviolable and immune from seizure or other legal or administrative process.

The assets, documents, databases and archives of the International Registry shall be

5. For the purposes of any claim against the Registrar under Article 28(1) or Article 44, the claimant shall be entitled to access to such information and documents as are necessary to enable the claimant to pursue its claim. The Supervisory Authority may waive the inviolability and immunity conferred by

6. paragraph 4.

Chapter VII

Liability of the Registrar

— Liability and financial assurances

1. The Registrar shall be liable for compensatory damages for loss suffered by a person directly resulting from an error or omission of the Registrar and its officers and employees or from a malfunction of the international registration system except where the malfunction is caused by an event of an inevitable and irresistible nature, which could not be prevented by

295

using the best practices in current use in the field of electronic registry design and operation, including those related to back-up and systems security and networking.

2. The Registrar shall not be liable under the preceding paragraph for factual inaccuracy of registration information received by the Registrar or transmitted by the Registrar in the form in which it received that information nor for acts or circumstances for which the Registrar and its officers and employees are not responsible and arising prior to receipt of registration information at the International Registry. Compensation under paragraph 1 may be reduced to the extent that the person who

3. suffered the damage caused or contributed to that damage.

4. The Registrar shall procure insurance or a financial guarantee covering the liability referred to in this Article to the extent determined by the Supervisory Authority, in accordance with the Protocol.

296

Chapter VIII

Effects of an international interest as against third parties

— Priority of competing interests

1. over an unregistered interest.

A registered interest has priority over any other interest subsequently registered and

2.

The priority of the first-mentioned interest under the preceding paragraph applies:

(a)

even if the first-mentioned interest was acquired or registered with actual knowledge of the other interest; and

(b)

even as regards value given by the holder of the first-mentioned interest with such knowledge.

3.

The buyer of an object acquires its interest in it:

(a)

subject to an interest registered at the time of its acquisition of that interest; and

(b)

free from an unregistered interest even if it has actual knowledge of such an interest.

4.

The conditional buyer or lessee acquires its interest in or right over that object:

(a)

subject to an interest registered prior to the registration of the international interest held by its conditional seller or lessor; and

(b)

free from an interest not so registered at that time even if it has actual knowledge of that interest.

5. The priority of competing interests or rights under this Article may be varied by agreement between the holders of those interests, but an assignee of a subordinated interest is not bound by an agreement to subordinate that interest unless at the time of the assignment a subordination had been registered relating to that agreement. Any priority given by this Article to an interest in an object extends to proceeds.

5. The priority of competing interests or rights under this Article may be varied by agreement between the holders of those interests, but an assignee of a subordinated interest is not bound by an agreement to subordinate that interest unless at the time of the assignment a subordination had been registered relating to that agreement. 6.

This Convention:

(a)

does not affect the rights of a person in an item, other