326

(v)

Form No. 11 (Declaration under Article 53)

The United Arab Emirates declares that all primary courts within their respective territorial jurisdictions are the relevant court(s) for the purposes of Article 1 and Chapter XII of the Convention.

(vi)

Form No. 13 (Mandatory declaration under Article 54(2))

The United Arab Emirates declares that any remedies available to the creditor under the Convention which are not expressed under the relevant provision thereof to require application to the court may be exercised only with leave of the court.

Declarations lodged by the United Arab Emirates under the Aircraft Protocol

327

SCHEDULE 17

CAPE TOWN CONVENTION - AIRCRAFT PROTOCOL DECLARATIONS

TEXT OF DECLARATIONS LODGED BY THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES UNDER THE AIRCRAFT PROTOCOL AT THE TIME OF THE DEPOSIT OF ITS INSTRUMENT OF ACCESSION

(i)

Form No. 19 (Declaration under Article XXX(1) in respect of Article VIII)

The United Arab Emirates declares that it will apply Article VIII.

(ii) application of the entirety of Article X)

Form No. 21 (Declaration under Article XXX(2) in respect of Article X providing for the

The United Arab Emirates declares that it will apply Article X in its entirety and that the number of working days to be used for the purpose of the time limit laid down in Article X(2) shall be in respect of the remedies specified in Articles 13(1)(a), (b) and (c) of the Convention (preservation of the aircraft objects and their value; possession, control or custody of the aircraft objects; and immobilization of the aircraft objects) not more than ten (10) calendar days and in respect of the remedies specified in Article 13 (1) (d) and (e) of the Convention (lease or management of the aircraft objects and the income thereof and sale and application of proceeds from the aircraft equipment) not more than thirty (30) calendar days.

(iii) for the application of Alternative A in its entirety to all types of insolvency proceeding)

Form No. 23 (General declaration under Article XXX(3) in respect of Article XI providing

The United Arab Emirates declares that it will apply Article XI, Alternative A in its entirety to all types of insolvency proceeding and all other insolvency-related events and that waiting period for the purposes of Article XI(3) of that Alternative shall be sixty (60) calendar days.

(iv)

Form No. 26 (Declaration under Article XXX(l) in respect of Article XII)

The United Arab Emirates declares that it will apply Article XII.

(v)

Form No. 27 (Declaration under Article XXX(1) in respect of Article XIII)

The United Arab Emirates declares that it will apply Article XIII.

(vi) Form No. 28 (A) (Declaration under Article XIX(1) providing for the designation of entry points for compulsory use as transmitters of registration information for airframes and helicopters, and for optional use as transmitters of registration information for aircraft engines, to the International Registry).

The United Arab Emirates declares that the General Civil Aviation Authority (“GCAA”), acting through its Aircraft Registry (Dubai/Abu Dhabi) and/or Ince Al Jallaf & Co.(Dubai) as published by the GCAA, shall be the entry point(s) at which information required for registration in respect of airframes or helicopters to civil aircraft of the United Arab Emirates or aircraft to become a civil aircraft of the United Arab Emirates shall be transmitted, and in respect of aircraft engines may be transmitted, to the International Registry.

(vii)

Form No. 34 (General declaration under Article XXIX)

The United Arab Emirates declares that the Aircraft Protocol is to apply to all its territorial units.

Declarations lodged by the United Arab Emirates under the Cape Town Convention

328