 to subordinate that interest unless at the time of the assignment a subordination had been registered relating to that agreement. Any priority given by this Article to an interest in an object extends to proceeds.

5. The priority of competing interests or rights under this Article may be varied by agreement between the holders of those interests, but an assignee of a subordinated interest is not bound by an agreement to subordinate that interest unless at the time of the assignment a subordination had been registered relating to that agreement. 6.

This Convention:

(a)

does not affect the rights of a person in an item, other than an object, held prior to its installation on an object if under the applicable law those rights continue to exist after the installation; and

(b)

does not prevent the creation of rights in an item, other than an object, which has previously been installed on an object where under the applicable law those rights are created.

— Effects of insolvency

1. In insolvency proceedings against the debtor an international interest is effective if prior to the commencement of the insolvency proceedings that interest was registered in conformity with this Convention. Nothing in this Article impairs the effectiveness of an international interest in the

2. insolvency proceedings where that interest is effective under the applicable law.

297

3.

Nothing in this Article affects:

(a)

any rules of law applicable in insolvency proceedings relating to the avoidance of a transaction as a preference or a transfer in fraud of creditors; or

(b)

any rules of procedure relating to the enforcement of rights to property which is under the control or supervision of the insolvency administrator.

Chapter IX

Assignments of associated rights and international interests; rights of subrogation

— Effects of assignment

1. in conformity with Article 32 also transfers to the assignee:

Except as otherwise agreed by the parties, an assignment of associated rights made

(a)

the related international interest; and

(b)

all the interests and priorities of the assignor under this Convention.

2. Nothing in this Convention prevents a partial assignment of the assignor’s associated rights. In the case of such a partial assignment the assignor and assignee may agree as to their respective rights concerning the related international interest assigned under the preceding paragraph but not so as adversely to affect the debtor without its consent. Subject to paragraph 4, the applicable law shall determine the defences and rights of

3. set-off available to the debtor against the assignee.

4. The debtor may at any time by agreement in writing waive all or any of the defences and rights of set-off referred to in the preceding paragraph other than defences arising from fraudulent acts on the part of the assignee.

5. In the case of an assignment by way of security, the assigned associated rights revest in the assignor, to the extent that they are still subsisting, when the obligations secured by the assignment have been discharged. — Formal requirements of assignment

1.

An assignment of associated rights transfers the related international interest only if it:

(a)

is in writing;

(b)

enables the associated rights to be identified under the contract from which they arise; and

(c)

in the case of an assignment by way of security, enables the obligations secured by the assignment to be determined in accordance with the Protocol but without the need to state a sum or maximum sum secured.

2. agreement is not valid unless some or all related associated rights also are assigned.

An assignment of an international interest created or provided for by a security

3. effective to transfer the related international interest.

This Convention does not apply to an assignment of associated rights which is not

298

— Debtor’s duty to assignee

1. To the extent that associated rights and the related international interest have been transferred in accordance with Articles 31 and 32, the debtor in relation to those rights and that interest is bound by the assignment and has a duty to make payment or give other performance to the assignee, if but only if: the debtor has been given notice of the assignment in writing by or with the authority of the assignor; and

(b)

the notice identifies the associated rights.

2. Irrespective of any other ground on which payment or performance by the debtor discharges the latter from liability, payment or performance shall be effective for this purpose if made in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Nothing in this Article shall affect the priority of competing assignments.

— Default remedies in respect of assignment

by way of security