 DFSA and include:

(a)

the reasons for the request;

(b)

the date and time on which the suspension or delisting is to take place; and

(c)

any other information regarding the Securities or the circumstances of the suspension or delisting which the DFSA requires.

(2)

The DFSA may impose such conditions or requirements as it considers appropriate on the suspension or delisting in (1).

Guidance

1.

A Listed Entity requesting delisting should submit such request in reasonable time for the DFSA to consider the request and satisfy the DFSA that a delisting would be appropriate.

2.

Examples of other information which the DFSA may require pursuant to Rule 9.6.3(1)(c) include proof or shareholder resolution if required, evidence of any announcement, circular or other document which the Listed Entity is relying on as part of its request to suspend or delist its Listing.

3.

A Listed Entity requesting cancellation of its listing should provide existing security holders with sufficient notice prior to the cancellation date in order to provide them with an opportunity to sell their Securities.

4.

An example of the type of condition the DFSA may impose pursuant to Rule 9.6.3(2) is the imposition of a time limit for the suspension.

Restoration of a listing

9.6.4 The DFSA may restore the listing of any Securities which have been suspended if it

considers that:

(a)

the smooth operation of the market is no longer jeopardised; or

(b)

where relevant, the suspension is no longer required to protect investors.

9.6.5 The DFSA may restore the listing of any Securities which have been suspended whether the restoration was requested by the relevant Listed Entity or at the DFSA’s own initiative.

Delisting Securities from the Official List of Securities

9.6.6 For the purposes of Article 35(1) of the Law, the circumstances which may warrant the

delisting of Securities by the DFSA include, but are not limited to, where:

(a)

the Securities are no longer admitted to trading as required by these Rules and the Law;

(b)

the Listed Entity no longer satisfies on or more of its continuing obligations for Listing;

94

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

(c)

the Securities have been suspended from the Official List for more than six months;

(d)

it is necessary because the Securities have been subject to a merger, takeover or reverse takeover;

(e)

the Listing is a secondary Listing and the Securities have been cancelled on their primary listing or are no longer admitted to trading for such primary listing;

(f)

it is in the interests of the DIFC, including the interests of investors, potential investors or the DIFC capital markets; or

(g)

the Securities have been redeemed or cease to exist for any other reason.

Guidance

In Rule 9.6.6(b), an example of a breach of the continuing obligations which may warrant a delisting by the DFSA would be where the percentage of shares in public hands falls below 25% or such lower percentage as the DFSA may permit. The DFSA may, however, allow a reasonable time to restore the percentage unless this is precluded by the need to maintain the smooth operation of the market or to protect investors.

9.7 Continuing obligations

Guidance

A Listed Entity should consider its obligations under other chapters of the Markets Rules, in addition to the requirements in these rules.

Information and facilities for shareholders

9.7.1

(1)

The Board of a Listed Entity must ensure that all the necessary information and facilities are available to its shareholders to enable them to exercise the rights attaching to their Securities on a well informed basis.

(2) Without limiting the generality of the obligation in (1), the Board of a Listed

Entity must ensure that the shareholders:

(a)

are provided with the necessary information relating to the matters to be determined at meetings to enable them to exercise their voting rights, including the proxy forms and notice of meetings; and

(b)

have access to any relevant notices or circulars giving information in relation to the rights attaching to the Securities.

Shares in public hands

9.7.2

(1)

A Listed Entity must ensure that a sufficient number of its Shares are distributed to the public at all times.

(2)

A Listed Entity which no longer complies with (1)