 the markets; and

(b) extend the period referred to in (a) upon application by the Reporting

Entity.

42

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

(4) Where a confidential report is filed with the DFSA under (2), the Reporting Entity need not comply with the requirements in Rule 4.2.1 during the period permitted by the DFSA pursuant to (3), unless or until one of the following occurs:

(a)

the DFSA directs the Reporting Entity to comply with Rule 4.2.1;

(b)

the Reporting Entity becomes aware that there is a material change of circumstances that renders the reason for non-disclosure of the information no longer valid; or

(c)

the Reporting Entity becomes aware or has reasonable grounds to suspect that the relevant Inside Information has or may have come to the knowledge of any Person or Persons other than by way of selective disclosure in accordance with Rule 4.2.3.

(5)

The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law apply to a decision of the DFSA under (3) or (4)(a).

(6)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under (3) or (4)(a), the Reporting Entity may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

4.2.5 By filing a report under Rule 4.2.4, the Reporting Entity undertakes that the contents of the report and any accompanying documents are true, accurate and not misleading and contain all the information which the DFSA would reasonably expect to be made aware of in the circumstances of the case.

Guidance

1.

Examples of circumstances under which a Reporting Entity might rely on the exception from disclosure in Rule 4.2.4 include where:

a.

it would be a breach of law to disclose such information;

b.

the information is a trade secret;

c.

there are negotiations in course where the outcome or normal pattern of those negotiations would be likely to be affected by public disclosure;

d.

the information is provisional and generated for internal management purposes prior to later public disclosure; or

e.

there are impending developments that could be jeopardised by premature disclosure.

2.

Rule 4.2.4 does not permit a Reporting Entity to delay public disclosure of the fact that it is in financial difficulty or of its worsening financial condition and is limited to the fact or substance of the negotiations to deal with such a situation. A Reporting Entity is also not permitted to delay disclosure of Inside Information on the basis that its position in subsequent negotiations to deal with the situation will be jeopardised by the disclosure of its financial condition.

3.

Where the DFSA considers that the reliance on permitted exceptions under Rule 4.2.4 is not in the interests of actual or potential investors, market integrity or the DIFC, it may direct the Reporting Entity to make either a holding announcement or full market disclosure (see Rule 4.5.1). The DFSA may, in addition, require the Authorised Market Institution in which the Securities are traded to suspend trading of the relevant Securities.

43

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

Control of inside information

4.2.6 A Reporting Entity must establish effective arrangements to deny access to Inside Information to Persons other than those who require it for the exercise of their functions within the Reporting Entity.

4.2.7 A Reporting Entity must establish and maintain adequate systems and controls to enable it to identify at all times any Person working for it under a contract of employment or otherwise, who has or may reasonably be likely to have access to Inside Information relating to the Reporting Entity, whether on a regular or occasional basis.

4.2.8 A Reporting Entity must take the necessary measures to ensure that its Directors and Employees who have or may have access to Inside Information acknowledge the legal and regulatory duties entailed, including dealing restrictions in relation to the Reporting Entity’s Securities or any related Investments, and are aware of the sanctions attaching to the misuse or improper use or circulation of such information.

4.2.9 A Reporting Entity must nominate two individuals to be its main points of contact with the DFSA in relation to continuing disclosure and other obligations under this chapter.

Guidance

Framework for handling Inside Information

1.

The responsibility for ensuring that a Reporting Entity has an adequate overall policy on the handling of Inside Information lies with the Board