 DFSA the power to direct a Reporting Entity to disclose specified information to the market or take such other steps as the DFSA considers appropriate where it is satisfied that it is in the interest of the DIFC to do so.

6.11.1 (1)

The DFSA will, pursuant to its power under Article 50(1) of the Law, issue a written notice directing a Reporting Entity of a Listed Fund (a “direction notice”) to disclose specified information to the market and to take any other steps as the DFSA considers appropriate:

(a)

where it fails to comply with an obligation to disclose any information under the Law and the Rules;

(b)

to correct or prevent a false market if the DFSA reasonably considers that there is or is likely to be a false market in the Units of the Listed Fund;

(c)

where there is a rumour or media speculation in relation to the Reporting Entity or the Listed Fund that has not been confirmed or clarified by an announcement by the Reporting Entity made in accordance with Rule 6.5.1 and such rumour or media speculation is or is reasonably likely to have an impact upon the price of the Units; or

(d)

where it is in the interests of:

(i)

actual or potential investors;

(ii)

market integrity; or

(iii)

the DIFC.

(2)

A Reporting Entity which receives a direction notice issued pursuant to (1) must comply with the terms of that notice.

75

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

7

SPONSORS AND COMPLIANCE ADVISERS

7.1 Sponsors

Application

7.1.1 This section applies to:

(a)

a sponsor appointed pursuant to Rule 7.1.2; and

(b)

any Reporting Entity that is required by the DFSA to appoint a sponsor.

Appointment of sponsors

7.1.2

(1)

Pursuant to Article 49(1) of the Law, the DFSA may, where it considers it appropriate to do so, require a Person who makes or intends to make a Prospectus Offer to:

(a)

appoint a sponsor in respect of the Prospectus Offer; or

(b)

provide third party certification in respect of any specific matters relating to the Prospectus Offer.

(2) Where the DFSA requires a sponsor to be appointed pursuant to (1)(a), the

DFSA must:

(a)

do so in sufficient time to enable the sponsor to comply with the requirements in this Part; and

(b)

require such appointment to be effective for the Offer Period or such other period as the DFSA determines as appropriate.

Guidance

1.

The DFSA may require the appointment of a sponsor, or third party certification in respect of any matters relating to an Issuer, in appropriate cases. An example of circumstances in which the DFSA may require the appointment of a sponsor, or third party signoff, would be where an Issuer does not have a proven track record, such as a start-up.

2.

The DFSA will generally not require a SME to appoint a sponsor, as to do so is likely to be disproportionate given the nature, scale and resources of a SME. Instead, the DFSA will usually require a SME to appoint a compliance adviser under Article 49(1) of the Law and Section 7.2, both when it applies for admission of its Shares to the List and on an ongoing basis once its Shares are admitted to the List.

3.

Generally, the matters in relation to which the DFSA may require third party sign-off pursuant to Rule 7.1.2(1)(b) include matters relating to the adequacy of working capital and systems and controls in place for financial reporting by the Issuer. Such certification should be provided by a third party acceptable to the DFSA. To be acceptable to the DFSA, the third-party should be independent of the Issuer and have relevant expertise relating to the matters on which certification of compliance is to be provided.

4.

In most cases the Person making a Prospectus Offer will be the Issuer of the Securities to which the Prospectus relates. However there may be situations where

76

MKT/VER24/03-25

7.1.3

7.1.4

7.1.5

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

the Person making a