ETS RULES (MKT)

(2) Without limiting the generality of the obligation in (1), the Board must ensure

that the shareholders:

(a)

are provided with the necessary information relating to the matters to be determined at meetings to enable them to exercise their right to vote, including the proxy forms and notice of meetings; and

(b)

have access to any relevant notices or circulars giving information in relation to the rights attaching to the Securities.

Proxy solicitation

3.3.7 The Board of a Reporting Entity must ensure that for each meeting at which shareholders are eligible to exercise voting rights attaching to their Securities, each shareholder is given the right and means to vote by proxy.

Other matters requiring shareholder approval

3.3.8

(1)

The Board of a Reporting Entity must, subject to (2), ensure that a majority of shareholders in voting approves:

(a)

any alteration of the constitutional documents of the Reporting Entity including any alteration to the memorandum of association, articles of association, bylaws or any other instrument constituting the Reporting Entity;

(b)

an alteration of the issued share capital of the Reporting Entity which is more than 20% of the existing issued share capital;

(c)

any acquisition or disposal of an asset of the Reporting Entity where the value of the asset involved is 50% or more of the value of the net assets of the Reporting Entity as at its last published financial reports;

(d)

the appointment or removal of a Director of the Reporting Entity and the terms of such appointment;

(e)

the appointment or removal of the auditor of the Reporting Entity; and

(f)

the placing of the Reporting Entity into voluntary liquidation.

(2)

The requirement in (1) does not apply, subject to any requirements in the constitutional documents of the appointment or removal of a Director or auditor of a Reporting Entity in circumstances where the immediate appointment or removal is necessary in the interests of the Reporting Entity.

the Reporting Entity,

in relation

to

Guidance

1.

Under Rule 3.3.8(1)(b), an increase in the issued share capital of a Reporting Entity which results in an increase of more than 20% of its current share capital requires shareholder approval regardless of whether or not such an increase is within the authorised capital of the relevant Reporting Entity.

2.

The circumstances in which the immediate removal of a Director or auditor may become necessary include matters affecting that Person’s fitness and propriety, such as professional misconduct of such a Person.

32

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

3.4 Dealings by restricted persons

Application

3.4.1

(1)

This section applies to:

(a)

the Board of every Reporting Entity; and

(b)

a Restricted Person in relation to such a Reporting Entity.

(2)

For the purposes of (1)(b), a Person is a Restricted Person in relation to a Reporting Entity if he is involved in the senior management of the Reporting Entity.

Guidance

1.

Persons are considered as involved in the senior management if they are in a position of authority and influence in making management or executive decisions with regard to the day- to-day management of the business of the Reporting Entity. Some members of the Board, such as executive Directors, will be subject to the requirements in this section because they undertake managerial functions and responsibilities relating to the day-to-day management of the Reporting Entity.

2.

Chapter 6 contains requirements applicable to Reporting Entities of Listed Funds.

Prohibition on dealing

3.4.2

(1)

A Restricted Person must not engage in dealing in the Securities of the Reporting Entity during a close period except in the circumstances specified in Rule 3.4.3 or 3.4.4.

(2)

For the purposes of this Rule:

(a)

a “close period” is:

(i)

the period from the relevant financial year end up to and including the time of the announcement or publication of the annual financial reports; and

(ii)

if the Reporting Entity reports on a semi-annual basis, the period from the end of the relevant semi-annual financial period up to and including the time of the announcement or publication; or

(iii)

if the Reporting Entity reports on a quarterly basis, the period from the end of the relevant quarter up to and including the time of the announcement.

(b)

“dealing in Securities” means:

(i)

any acquisition or disposal