9 power sparingly and only in circumstances where there is a clearly demonstrated case for granting a waiver or modification of the Law, such as:

a.

to alleviate any undue regulatory burden on a Person in complying with the requirements in the Law in circumstances where investor protection intended by the relevant provisions is not reduced; or

b.

to apply to a Person upon request (i.e. on a consent basis) the provisions of the Law which, without a modification, will not apply to that Person. For example, an Exempt Offeror (i.e. a Person such as a government or government instrumentality included in the DFSA’s Exempt Offeror List in App5) who is not subject to the Prospectus disclosure and the liability regime in the Law and the Rules may apply to the DFSA for a modification to Article 14 of the Law so that it can make a Prospectus Offer of its Securities in accordance with the relevant Prospectus disclosure and liability regime in the Law and the Rules.

2

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

7.

The DFSA also has the power, pursuant to Article 25 of the Regulatory Law 2004, to waive or modify the Rules. The Regulatory Policy and Process (RPP) module gives further information on how to seek a waiver or modification.

1.2 Overview of the module

Guidance

Offers of securities – chapter 2

1.

Chapter 2 contains:

a.

the requirements applicable to a Person who:

i. makes an Offer of Securities to the Public (other than in respect of Units, which are covered by the Prospectus and other requirements in the Collective Investment Law 2010 and the CIR Rules); and

ii.

applies to have Securities admitted to trading on an Authorised Market Institution, or to have Security Tokens admitted to trading on an Alternative Trading System (other than the admission to trading of Units, or Security Tokens that are Units, which is governed by the requirements in chapter 6);

b.

the types of Exempt Offers (i.e. Securities which can be offered to the public without a Prospectus), Exempt Securities (i.e. Securities which can be admitted to trading on an Authorised Market Institution without a Prospectus) and Exempt Communications (i.e. communications relating to Securities which are not treated as a Prospectus);

c.

the requirements and procedures relating to the approval of a Prospectus by the DFSA;

d.

the requirements and procedures relating to the structure and content of a Prospectus including:

i.

when material may be incorporated into a Prospectus by reference; and

ii.

liability for the content of a Prospectus including the liability of Experts and other Persons whose reports or opinions are included in a Prospectus with their consent for such inclusion; and

e.

the circumstances in which the DFSA may accept an offer document prepared in accordance with the legislation applicable in a jurisdiction other than the DIFC as sufficient for the purposes of meeting the Prospectus requirements in the Law and the Rules.

Governance of reporting entity – chapter 3

2.

Chapter 3 covers a wide range of corporate governance requirements applicable to Reporting Entities including:

a.

7 high-level Corporate Governance Principles, with best practice standards relating to those principles which apply on a ‘comply or explain’ basis and which are set out in App4;

b.

Directors’ duties, including acting in good faith and applying due diligence and care in the discharge of their duties and functions;

c.

provisions to ensure fair treatment of shareholders in the conduct of affairs of the company, such as provisions relating to communication with shareholders, exercise of pre-emption rights, reduction of share capital and a list of matters that require approval by a majority of shareholders in voting; and

3

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

d.

provisions to address conflicts of interest. For example individuals involved in the senior management of the Reporting Entity (such as executive Directors and other senior executives, called “Restricted Persons”), are prohibited from dealing in the Securities of the Reporting Entity during “close periods”, unless prior clearance for those dealings is obtained. Similarly, Persons who qualify as Related Parties of the Reporting Entity are prohibited from entering into commercial transactions with the Reporting Entity unless certain requirements are followed.

Market disclosure – chapter 4

3.

Every Reporting Entity is required to disclose to the