each individual Director who is a member of such a board.

(2)

The requirement in Rule 3.3.3 applies to every Reporting Entity.

Guidance

1.

Where a Person referred to in Rule 3.3.1(1) is required under any legislation applicable to such a Person to comply with a similar or more stringent requirement than the requirements in this section, compliance with those other requirements would be sufficient compliance for the purposes of the relevant requirement in this section.

2.

For example, in the case of a reduction of share capital, more stringent procedures such as a special resolution (i.e. a vote of at least 75% of the shareholders in voting), may be required under the company law or other legislation applicable to a Reporting Entity in its jurisdiction of incorporation. Where this is the case, compliance with the more stringent requirements applicable to the Reporting Entity suffices for the purposes of compliance with the requirements in this section dealing with a shareholder approval by simple majority in Rule 3.3.8.

Directors’ duties

3.3.2 A Director of a Reporting Entity must act:

(a)

on a fully informed basis;

(b)

in good faith,

(c)

honestly;

(d)

with due diligence and care, and

30

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

(e)

in the best interests of the Reporting Entity and its shareholders.

Guidance

In order to meet the obligation to act with due diligence and care, a Director should (amongst other things) ensure that he has enough time and capacity available to devote to the job. See also the best practice standards in App4 which apply to Directors of Reporting Entities who are subject to Corporate Governance Principles.

Equality of treatment

3.3.3 The Board of a Reporting Entity must ensure equality of treatment of all holders of Securities of a particular class or type in respect of all rights attaching to the Securities of that class or type of Securities.

Reduction of share capital

3.3.4 The Board of a Reporting Entity must ensure that a Reporting Entity does not

purchase its own Shares unless:

(a)

the purchase does not materially prejudice the Reporting Entity’s ability to pay its creditors;

(b)

it has obtained prior approval of shareholders in meeting by:

(i)

a Special Resolution in the case of a SME that has had its Shares admitted to the List for less than 24 months; and

(ii)

an Ordinary Resolution in any other case; and

(c)

prior to the meeting seeking the consent referred to in (b), the notice of the meeting and any accompanying documents relating to the purchase is filed with the DFSA.

Guidance

In addition to complying with Rule 3.3.4, a Listed Entity is required under Rule 9.7.4 to obtain the DFSA’s written approval before it purchases its own Shares. It will also need to comply with any applicable company law requirements relating to the purchase of its own Shares.

Pre-emption rights

3.3.5 The Board of a Reporting Entity must, except where otherwise provided in the constituent documents of the Reporting Entity, ensure that a Reporting Entity provides pre-emption rights under which, on an issue of Shares by the Reporting Entity for cash, the shareholders of the Reporting Entity are offered any Shares to be issued in proportion to their existing holdings prior to the Shares being offered to third parties, unless there is prior approval of the issue of Shares without pre-emption rights by shareholders in meeting, by a majority vote.

Communications with shareholders

3.3.6

(1)

The Board of a Reporting Entity must ensure that all the necessary information and facilities are available to its shareholders to enable them to exercise the rights attaching to their Shares on a well informed basis.

31

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

(2) Without limiting the generality of the obligation in (1), the Board must ensure

that the shareholders:

(a)

are provided with the necessary information relating to the matters to be determined at meetings to enable them to exercise their right to vote, including the proxy forms and notice of meetings; and

(b)

have access to any relevant notices or circulars giving information in relation to the rights attaching to the Securities.

Proxy solicitation

3.3.7 The Board of a Reporting Entity must ensure that for each meeting at which shareholders are eligible to exercise