 previous 12 months;

details of any corporate governance code that its Board has decided to apply, how the Reporting Entity complies with that code, and where it departs from that code, an explanation of the reasons for doing so;

if the Reporting Entity is not incorporated in the DIFC, a statement that the rights of shareholders may be different from the rights of shareholders in a DIFC incorporated company;

whether the Reporting Entity is subject to the Takeover Rules (TKO);

50

MKT/VER24/03-25

(2)

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

(r)

any takeover legislation or code to which it is subject in its country of incorporation or operation, other than TKO, or any other similar provisions it has voluntarily adopted, together with a link either:

(i)

to the relevant legislation, code or provisions; or

(ii)

to a website where further details about the legislation, code or provisions can be found; and

(s)

details of any compliance adviser, sponsor or other expert adviser appointed by the Reporting Entity under Article 49(1) of the Law.

The Reporting Entity must ensure that the information referred to in (1) is kept up to date.

51

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

5

ACCOUNTING PERIODS AND FINANCIAL REPORTS AND AUDITING

Guidance

1.

Article 44 of the Law provides that a Reporting Entity shall prepare and file with the DFSA an annual financial report in accordance with the requirements prescribed in the Rules.

2.

Article 45 of the Law provides that a Reporting Entity shall prepare and file with the DFSA:

a.

a semi-annual financial report; and

b.

any other financial statements as are required by the DFSA,

in the circumstances prescribed by Rules.

5.1 Application

5.1.1 This section applies to every Reporting Entity other than that of a Listed Fund or an ATS Traded Fund, except where a narrower application is provided in respect of any particular class of Security.

Guidance

Chapter 6 contains the requirements relating to accounting periods and financial reporting in respect of Listed Funds and ATS Traded Funds.

Financial reporting standards

5.1.2

(1)

A Reporting Entity must prepare financial statements for each financial year of the Reporting Entity.

(2)

A Reporting Entity must prepare and maintain all financial statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) or other financial reporting standards acceptable to the DFSA.

Accounting periods

5.1.3

(1)

A Reporting Entity must not change its accounting reference date as specified in its most recent Prospectus unless it has obtained the prior approval of the DFSA in accordance with the requirements in (2).

(2)

A Reporting Entity that proposes to change its accounting reference date must:

(a)

notify the DFSA of its proposal at least 28 business days prior to making such a change; and

(b)

obtain the DFSA’s prior approval for the proposed change.

52

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

Annual financial report

5.1.4

(1)

The annual financial report which is required to be produced by a Reporting Entity pursuant to Article 44 of the Law must, except as provided in (3), include the information specified in (2).

(2)

In respect of the financial year to which the annual financial report relates, it must contain:

(a)

financial statements audited in accordance with Rule 5.1.5;

(b)

a review of the operations during the year and the results of those operations;

(c)

details of any significant changes in the Reporting Entity’s state of affairs during the financial year;

(d)

details relating to the Reporting Entity’s principal activities during the year and any significant changes in the nature of those activities during the year;

(e)

details of any matter or circumstance that has arisen since the end of the year that has significantly affected or may significantly affect:

(i)

the Reporting Entity’s operations in future financial years and the results of those operations; or

(ii)

the Reporting Entity’s state of affairs in future financial years; and

(f)

likely developments in the Reporting Entity’s operations in future financial years and the expected results of those operations;

(g)

a statement of auditors required under Article 46(2) of the Law;

(h)

