 specified in the IFR module.

9.8 Provision of information to the DFSA

9.8.1 An Applicant or Listed Entity must provide to the DFSA as soon as possible:

(a)

any information and explanations which the DFSA may reasonably require to decide whether to grant an application for admission;

98

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

(b)

any information which the DFSA considers appropriate to protect investors or ensure the smooth operation of the market; and

(c)

any other information or explanation which the DFSA may reasonably require to verify whether the Listing Rules are being and have been complied with.

Disclosure requirements

9.8.2 An Applicant or Listed Entity which is required by these Listing Rules to provide information to the DFSA must provide such information as soon as possible.

9.8.3 A Listed Entity must ensure that information required to be disclosed to the market under these Rules is disseminated to the market through one or more Regulatory Announcement Services.

9.8.4 A Listed Entity must take reasonable care to ensure that information required to be

provided to the DFSA or disclosed to the market under these Rules is not misleading, false or deceptive and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.

Notification of documents sent to shareholders

9.8.5

If a Listed Entity provides any material document to the shareholders of its Listed Securities, it must disclose that it has done so as soon as possible by way of market disclosure in accordance with Rule 4.7.1.

Guidance

The DFSA would consider that a document has been made available to the public if, following the public disclosure, the document is available on the Listed Entity’s website or on the website of the AMI on which its Securities are admitted to trading.

Contact details

9.8.6 A Listed Entity must ensure that the DFSA is provided with up to date contact details of appropriate Persons nominated by it to act as the first point of contact with the DFSA in relation to the Listed Entity’s compliance with the Markets Rules and the Markets Law, as applicable.

Guidance

The DFSA would expect a Listed Entity’s contact in Rule 9.8.6 to be of sufficient seniority and influence within the company given the nature of the information which such Person would be dealing with and the importance of the role in maintaining the Listed Entity’s compliance with the Markets Rules and Law.

99

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

9A MARKET ABUSE

Application of the Code of Market Conduct

9A.1.1 (1)

Article 8(2)(f) of the Markets Law provides for the making of a code of market conduct. The Code of Market Conduct (CMC) is issued under Article 20(2)(c) of the Regulatory Law and has the status of Guidance as defined in Article 2(f)(ii) of Schedule 1 to the Regulatory Law.

(2)

The CMC applies to Persons in respect of conduct that occurs in the DIFC or elsewhere, however, it only applies to conduct that occurs outside the DIFC if the conducts affects DIFC markets or users of DIFC markets.

Guidance

1.

The CMC is intended to prevent Market Abuse by providing further clarity about what activities the DFSA might regard as constituting Market Abuse under the Markets Law.

2.

The CMC applies to persons to whom Part 6 of the Markets Law applies, that is, it applies to persons generally whether individuals or bodies corporate and whether or not regulated.

3.

Examples in the CMC are not intended to be exhaustive. There may be other circumstances in which conduct may contravene the Market Abuse provisions.

4.

The defences under Article 64(1) of the Markets Law apply if a Person establishes that a permitted price stabilisation or purchase of the Person’s own shares was carried out in accordance with the Rules. The relevant Rules relating to carrying on a permitted price stabilisation can be found in the PRS Module. The relevant Rules relating to purchase of the Person’s own shares can be found in MKT (e.g. Rules 9.7.4 and 9.7.6). Further information about these and other Market Abuse defences can be found in the CMC.

100

MKT/VER24/03