 document is made available containing information which is considered by the DFSA as being equivalent to that of a Prospectus;

(i)

an offer where the Securities are offered, allotted or to be allotted in connection with a merger if a document is available containing information which is regarded by the DFSA as being equivalent to that of a Prospectus;

(j)

an offer where the Securities are offered, allotted or to be allotted in connection with a rights issue where:

(i)

the Securities are of a class subject to Reporting Entity disclosure; and

(ii)

a document is made available containing information on the number and nature of the Securities including rights attaching to those Securities and the reasons for and details of the Offer;

(k)

an offer where the Shares are offered, allotted or to be allotted to existing shareholders free of charge or dividends paid out in the form of Shares of the same class as the Shares in respect of which the dividends are paid, and a document is made available containing information on the number and nature of the Shares and the reasons for and details of the offer;

(l)

an offer where the Securities are offered, allotted or to be allotted to an existing or former director or Employee, or any Close Relative of such a director or Employee, of the Issuer or a member of the same Group as the Issuer and:

(i)

the Issuer or the member of the Group already has its Securities admitted to trading on a Regulated Exchange; and

(ii)

a document the offerees containing information on the number and nature of the Securities and the reasons for and details of the offer; or

is made available

to

(m)

an offer of Securities that meets all of the following conditions:

(i)

the offer is made only through an Investment Crowdfunding Platform, or a Property Investment Crowdfunding Platform, operated by a Crowdfunding Operator;

(ii)

the offer is made to and directed at only investors who are Clients of the Crowdfunding Operator; and

(iii)

the total aggregate consideration for the offer of Securities is not more than $10 million, or an equivalent amount in another currency, calculated over a period of 12 months.

2.3.2 Where any Securities, which were previously the subject of an Exempt Offer, are subsequently offered to the public, such a subsequent offer will be regarded, for the purposes of Part 2 of the Law and the Rules made for the purposes of that Part, as a separate and new Offer of Securities to the Public, unless that offer meets one of the criteria in Rule 2.3.1.

11

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

Guidance

For the purposes of Rule 2.3.1(d), an offer of Security Tokens denominated in an amount of at least $100,000 or the equivalent in another currency will be an Exempt Offer. However, any further offer of a fractional interest in those Security Tokens for less than $100,000, or the equivalent in another currency, will not be an Exempt Offer.

2.3.3 An offer of Securities remains an Exempt Offer even if the offer falls in whole or part within more than one of the circumstances specified in Rule 2.3.1, as long as all of the offer falls within at least one of those circumstances.

Guidance

1.

In Rule 2.3.1(b), it is the number of offers made, rather than the actual issues or sales resulting from such offers, that would be relevant for the purposes of the exemption so that mass marketing to potential investors in or from the DIFC cannot be undertaken.

2.

In considering whether a document referred to in (h) or (i) contains all the relevant information, the DFSA will take into account the information required under Part 2 of the Law and the Rules in this chapter.

2.4 Exempt securities

Guidance

1.

Exempt Securities are Securities which a Person can have admitted to trading on an Authorised Market Institution without a Prospectus.

2.

The prohibition in Article 14(1)(b) of the Law does not apply, subject to the requirement in Rule 2.4.2, to the admission to trading on an Authorised Market Institution of Securities that are Exempt Securities under Rule 2.4.1.

2.4.1 For the purposes of Article 14(3)(b) of the Law the DFSA