 Partner or other Person charged with the management of that Reporting Entity or Undertaking must take all reasonable steps within its control to secure compliance with the requirement by the Reporting Entity or Undertaking.

1.1.3 Where a Rule prescribes a requirement relating to a Director, Partner or Employee of

a Reporting Entity or an Undertaking:

(a)

the Director, Partner or Employee, as the case may be, must take all reasonable steps within his control the requirement; and

to secure compliance with

(b)

the Reporting Entity or Undertaking must take all reasonable steps to ensure compliance with the requirement by the Director, Partner or Employee.

1

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

Guidance

Application to listed funds

1.

Where Units of a Fund are admitted to trading on an Authorised Market Institution, such a Fund is a Listed Fund. Where Units of a Fund that are Security Tokens are admitted to trading on an Alternative Trading System, but are not admitted to trading on an Authorised Market Institution or a Regulated Exchange, such a Fund is defined as an ATS Traded Fund. A reference to a Reporting Entity in relation to a Listed Fund or an ATS Traded Fund is a reference to the Fund Manager of that Fund, unless another person has been declared by the DFSA as the Reporting Entity of the Fund.

2.

Accordingly, any obligations of a Reporting Entity of a Listed Fund or an ATS Traded Fund are, unless the context requires otherwise, obligations imposed on the Reporting Entity in respect of the Listed Fund or the ATS Traded Fund, as the case may be (see Article 38(2) of the Law). Therefore, the obligations imposed by this Law and the Rules apply to the Governing Body of the Reporting Entity and to every member of the Governing Body in the manner specified in Rules 1.1.2 and 1.1.3.

Application to Crypto Tokens

3.

Most of this module is not relevant to Crypto Tokens, as large parts of the module apply to Securities and Reporting Entities. For example, a Prospectus is not required for a Public Offer of Crypto Tokens or for the admission of Crypto Tokens to trading on an ATS. In addition, there is no Reporting Entity for a Crypto Token to whom corporate governance, market disclosure and financial reporting requirements will apply. Crypto Tokens also cannot be admitted to the Official List. Therefore, the only requirements in the module that apply to Crypto Tokens are chapter 6 (Listed Funds and ATS Traded Funds) but only indirectly to the extent that a Listed Fund or ATS Traded Fund may invest in Crypto Tokens, and chapter 9 (Market Abuse) as the Market Abuse provisions in the Markets Law apply to Crypto Tokens.

4.

While most of this module does not apply to Crypto Tokens, it should be noted that GEN Rule 3A.2.1 prohibits an Offer to the Public of a Crypto Token unless it is a Recognised Crypto Token (i.e. a Crypto Token which the DFSA has recognised as meeting the criteria in GEN section 3A). In addition, as GEN Rule 3A.2.1 prohibits a Financial Service from being carried on in relation to a Crypto Token unless it is a Recognised Crypto Token, an MTF Operator will only be able to admit a Recognised Crypto Token to trading on a MTF and a Crypto Token Derivative if any underlying Crypto Token is a Recognised Crypto Token.

Waivers and modifications

5.

The DFSA may, pursuant to Article 9 of the Law, waive or modify the application of the provisions in the Law where it considers appropriate or desirable in the interests of the DIFC to do so and, in accordance with the procedures set out in Guidance 4 below.

6.

Generally, the DFSA will exercise the Article 9 power sparingly and only in circumstances where there is a clearly demonstrated case for granting a waiver or modification of the Law, such as:

a.

to alleviate any undue regulatory burden on a Person in complying with the requirements in the Law in circumstances where investor protection intended by the relevant provisions is not reduced; or

b.

to apply to a Person upon request (i.e. on a consent basis) the provisions of the Law which, without a modification, will not apply to that Person. For example, an Exempt Offeror (i.e. a Person such as a government or government instrument