, having made due and careful enquiry that the Person who makes or intends to make a Prospectus Offer has satisfied all applicable conditions for offering Securities and other relevant requirements under the Law and the Rules;

(b)

provide to the DFSA any information or explanation known to it in such form and within such time limit as the DFSA may reasonably require for the purpose of verifying whether the Person making the Prospectus Offer complies or has complied, with the applicable requirements in the Law and the Rules; and

(c)

take other steps required in writing by the DFSA.

7.1.7 Where a sponsor becomes aware of a failure by the Person making the Prospectus Offer to comply with its obligations under the Law and the Rules, the sponsor must without undue delay:

(a)

notify the Person making the Prospectus Offer of the failure and take reasonable steps to ensure it rectifies the failure within a reasonable time; and

(b)

if the Person making the Prospectus Offer does not or is unable to rectify the failure as soon as practicable notify the DFSA of that fact.

Duty of care of sponsors

7.1.8 A sponsor has a duty of care to the Person which has made its appointment.

Co-operation with sponsors

7.1.9 A Person who is required to appoint a sponsor in respect of a Prospectus Offer must

take reasonable steps to ensure that it and its Employees:

(a)

provide such assistance as the sponsor reasonably requires to discharge its duties;

(b)

give the sponsor right of access at all reasonable times to relevant records and information;

(c)

do not interfere with the sponsor’s ability to discharge its duties;

(d)

do not provide misleading or deceptive information to the sponsor; and

(e)

report to the sponsor any matter which may significantly affect the financial position of the Person issuing the Securities or the price or value of the Securities.

7.1.10 A sponsor must notify the DFSA of any non co-operation by the Person making the

Prospectus Offer or the Employees of that Person.

78

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

Termination of appointment

7.1.11 Where a Person who is required to appoint a sponsor dismisses the sponsor, the Person must advise the DFSA in writing without delay of the dismissal, giving details of any relevant facts and circumstances.

7.1.12 Where a sponsor resigns, it must advise the DFSA in writing without delay of the

resignation, giving details of any relevant facts and circumstances.

7.2 Compliance advisers

Application

7.2.1 This section applies to a Person who is required by the DFSA to appoint a

compliance adviser.

Guidance

1.

The requirement for the appointment of a compliance adviser is designed to ensure that the Person appointing that adviser is aware of and complies with its obligations under the Law and this module. A compliance adviser should therefore be a person familiar with the requirements of the Law and this module and should have the necessary knowledge, experience, qualifications and resources to assist a a Person required to appoint such an adviser to comply with its regulatory obligations.

2.

The DFSA’s Policy Statement 2/2012 on Appointment of Compliance Adviser describes in greater detail the purpose of a compliance adviser and the circumstances in which the DFSA is likely to require a Reporting Entity to appoint a compliance adviser. The Policy also describes how a compliance adviser can assist a Reporting Entity to meet its obligations in the Law and this module generally, and specifically the continuing obligations prescribed in this section. The Policy explains that the compliance adviser does not take on any regulatory obligations or potential regulatory liability of its own under the Law or this module if it agrees to act as a compliance adviser to a Reporting Entity. The relationship between the Reporting Entity and compliance adviser is a contractual one similar to one with any other professional adviser. In the Policy Statement the DFSA confirms its view that the compliance adviser role is merely to advise and assist the Reporting Entity to comply with its continuing regulatory responsibilities, all of which remain the responsibility of the Reporting Entity.

3.

The DFSA will also usually require a SME applying for admission of its Shares to the List to appoint a compliance adviser as a condition of that admission and its ongoing listing. The DFSA will expect the compliance advisor to have sufficient senior, competent staff and a proven track record of relevant corporate finance transaction experience to enable it to advise the SME