;

(b)

where it, or any series of transactions with the same Related Party in any 12 month period, does not exceed 0.25% of the value of the net assets of the Reporting Entity as stated in its most recent financial reports;

(c)

where it is made in accordance with the terms of an Employee Share Scheme or other employee incentive scheme approved by the Board of the Reporting Entity; or

(d)

where it involves the issue of new Securities for cash or pursuant to the exercise of conversion or subscription rights attaching to Securities issued to

36

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

existing Shareholders where the Securities are traded on an Authorised Market Institution or a Regulated Exchange.

37

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

4

MARKET DISCLOSURE

4.1 Application

4.1.1

(1)

This chapter applies, subject to (2), to every Reporting Entity other than that of a Listed Fund or an ATS Traded Fund.

(2)

The requirements in this section do not apply to a Reporting Entity if the relevant market disclosure has already been made in relation to the Securities either by another Person or in relation to other securities.

Guidance

1.

The market disclosure requirements applicable to Listed Funds and ATS Traded Funds are in chapter 6.

2.

This chapter sets out the obligations of Reporting Entities to disclose and control information in order to protect actual and potential investors and to maintain a fair, informed and orderly market in Securities. This chapter also sets out the limited circumstances under which a Reporting Entity may selectively disclose Inside Information, delay public disclosure and control access to such information in order to limit the potential market abuse.

3.

The DFSA recognises the importance to the market of accurate, up-to-date information about Reporting Entities. Reporting Entities are therefore required to disseminate Inside Information as soon as possible. Where these obligations are not met and the DFSA considers it appropriate, the DFSA may seek one or more sanctions as specified in Part 7 of the Law.

4.2 Disclosure of inside information

Timely disclosure

4.2.1

(1)

A Reporting Entity must make timely disclosure of Inside Information in accordance with the requirements in this section.

(2)

A Reporting Entity must ensure that the disclosure it makes pursuant to (1) is not misleading, false or deceptive and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of the information.

(3)

For the purposes of complying with the requirement in (1), the Reporting Entity must, subject to Rule 4.2.3 and 4.2.4, make disclosure as soon as possible and in the manner specified in Rule 4.7.1.

Guidance

1.

A Reporting Entity is required to disclose Inside Information as soon as possible. In practice, a short period before announcing Inside Information is permitted where a Reporting Entity is affected by an unexpected event and the Reporting Entity needs to clarify the situation or take legal advice so that any information released is accurate and not misleading. Any delay should be limited to a period no longer than is reasonably necessary in the circumstances. Where there is a danger of the information leaking out in the meantime, the Reporting Entity should make a holding announcement giving an outline of the subject matter of the announcement, the reasons why a full announcement cannot yet be made and undertaking to make a full announcement as soon as possible.

38

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

2.

For the disclosure to be not misleading, false or deceptive, a Reporting Entity should provide information that is accurate, factual and complete. Any incomplete or inaccurate information, such as omission of relevant information, would be misleading or deceptive. Information should be provided in an easy to understand manner and not for promotional purposes. The use of imprecise and confusing language such as ‘double digit’ or ‘in excess of last year’ should be avoided as it does not allow investors to properly assess the information for the purpose of making an informed decision relating to the relevant Securities.

3.

Where a Reporting Entity realises that it has or may have breached its continuous disclosure obligations, it should contact the DFSA to discuss the matter and seek guidance on remedying the situation and on taking steps to ensure that similar breaches are prevented from recurring.

4.

A confidentiality agreement should not prevent an entity