 but can demonstrate that it should not be

treated as a SME because it has an established track record and business.

Interpreting the rulebook

Guidance

Interpretation

1.

Every provision in the Rulebook must be interpreted in the light of its purpose. The purpose of any provision is to be gathered first and foremost from the text of the provision in question and its context among other relevant provisions.

2.

When this section refers to a provision, this means every type of provision, including Rules and Guidance.

3.

Where reference is made in the Rulebook to another provision of the Rulebook or other DIFC legislation, it is a reference to that provision as amended from time to time.

4.

Unless the contrary intention appears:

a.

words in the Rulebook importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender and words importing the feminine gender include the masculine; and

b.

words in the Rulebook in the singular include the plural and words in the plural include the singular.

5.

If a provision in the Rulebook refers to a communication, notice, agreement, or other document ‘in writing’ then, unless the contrary intention appears, it means in legible form and capable of being reproduced on paper, irrespective of the medium used. Expressions related to writing must be interpreted accordingly.

6.

Any reference to ‘dollars’ or ‘$’ is a reference to United States Dollars unless the contrary intention appears.

7.

Unless stated otherwise, a day means a calendar day. If an obligation falls on a calendar day which is either a Saturday or Sunday or an official State holiday in the DIFC, the obligation must take place on the next calendar day which is a business day.

Defined terms

8.

Defined terms are identified throughout the Rulebook by the capitalisation of the initial letter of a word or of each word in a phrase and are defined in the Glossary (GLO). Unless the context otherwise requires, where capitalisation of the initial letter is not used, an expression has its natural meaning.

7

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

1.5 Complaints against the DFSA

Guidance

1.

A Person who feels he has been adversely affected by the manner in which the DFSA has carried out its functions may make a complaint to the DFSA about its conduct or the conduct of its Employees.

2.

A complaint must be in writing and should be addressed to the Chief Executive of the DFSA. The complaint will be dealt with by the DFSA in a timely manner.

8

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

2

OFFER OF SECURITIES

2.1 Application

2.1.1 This chapter applies to:

(a)

a Person who makes or intends to make an Offer of Securities to the Public in or from the DIFC other than in respect of Units;

(b)

a Person who makes an application to have any Securities other than Units admitted to trading on an Authorised Market Institution;

(c)

a Person who makes an application to have any Security Tokens, other than Units, admitted to trading on an Alternative Trading System; and

(d)

any Person specified in section 2.10 as a Person liable for the content of a Prospectus.

Guidance

1.

By virtue of Article 10(1) of the Law, a Person making an Offer of Securities to the Public in relation to Units of a Fund is exempt from the requirements in Part 2 of the Law and the Rules made for the purposes of that Part which deal with Prospectuses.

2.

Article 10(2) of the Law requires a Person having or intending to have Units of a Fund admitted to trading on an Authorised Market Institution, or Security Tokens that are Units admitted to trading on an Alternative Trading System, to comply with Part 2 of the Law and the Rules made for the purposes of that Part in the manner and circumstances prescribed in the Rules. Chapter 6 contains the requirements that apply to a Person who applies to have, or has or had, Units admitted to trading on an Authorised Market Institution or Security Tokens that are Units admitted to trading on an Alternative Trading System.

3.

The DFSA has the power, pursuant to Article 12(1) of the Law, to prescribe certain communications to be Exempt Communications. Such communications are not subject to the prohibition in