 acceptable to the DFSA.

(2)

The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law apply to a decision of the DFSA under this Rule.

26

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

(3)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under this Rule, the Offeror may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

2.13.2 If one or more Directors of an Issuer are offering Shares they hold in the Issuer as part of a Prospectus Offer, an Issuer must ensure that the Prospectus contains a prominent statement of:

(a)

the identity of each Directors offering his Shares; and

(b)

the number of Shares such a Director is offering, and the proportion of the Issuers share capital represented by the holding of that Director.

2.13.3 (1)

The DFSA may, during the Offer Period or such other longer period as specified, impose a requirement that the monies held by a Person making a Prospectus Offer or his agent pursuant to the Prospectus Offer or issuance are held in an escrow account for a specified period and on specified terms.

(2)

The DFSA may also require the appointment of a paying agent during the offer period.

(3)

The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law apply to a decision of the DFSA under this Rule.

(4)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under this Rule, the Offeror may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

Guidance

See also section 3.4 which contains additional restrictions relating to dealings by Restricted Persons which may apply to executive Directors.

27

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

3

GOVERNANCE OF REPORTING ENTITIES

Guidance

Governance requirements set out under this Part are designed for the purposes of Article 39 of the Law.

3.1 Application

3.1.1

(1)

This chapter applies to every Reporting Entity except where a narrower application is provided in respect of any particular class of Securities.

(2)

This chapter does not apply to a Reporting Entity of a Listed Fund or an ATS Traded Fund.

Guidance

See Chapter 6 for the governance requirements applicable to Reporting Entities of Listed Funds and ATS Traded Funds.

3.2 Corporate governance principles

Application

3.2.1 This section applies to a Reporting Entity in respect of Shares, and the Board of

Directors (“the Board”) of such a Reporting Entity.

Corporate governance principles

3.2.2 Pursuant to Article 39(2)(a) of the Law, the principles in Rules 3.2.3 to 3.2.9 are

hereby prescribed as “the Corporate Governance Principles”.

Guidance

1.

The Corporate Governance Principles in this section apply to Reporting Entities as mandatory high level requirements. App4 sets out best practice standards that may be adopted by a Reporting Entity to achieve compliance with these principles.

2.

The best practice standards in App4 are designed to provide a degree of flexibility so that a Reporting Entity can achieve outcomes intended by the Corporate Governance Principles whilst taking into account the nature, scale and complexity of its business.

3.

Generally, if a Reporting Entity does not adopt the best practice standards set out in App4, or adopts them only partially, the DFSA would expect the reasons for doing so and any alternative measures adopted to achieve the outcomes intended by the Corporate Governance Principles to be disclosed in the Prospectus and thereafter pursuant to disclosure required under Rule 3.2.10. Any inaccurate or false representations would breach the prohibition against misleading and deceptive statements in Article 20 of the Law.

Principle 1 – Board of directors

3.2.3 Every Reporting Entity must have an effective Board which

is collectively accountable for ensuring that the Reporting Entity’s business is managed prudently and soundly.

28

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

Principle 2 – Division of responsibilities

3.2.4 The Board must ensure that there is a clear division between the board’s responsibility for setting the strategic aims and undertaking the oversight of the Reporting Entity and the Senior Management’s responsibility for managing the Reporting Entity’s business in accordance with the strategic aims and risk parameters set by the Board.

Principle 3 – Board composition and