, comply with the requirements in the Collective Investment Law 2010 and the CIR Rules relating to Related Party Transactions; and

(b)

if the Fund is a Foreign Fund, comply with the equivalent requirements applicable its domicile or establishment.

to

that Fund

in

the

jurisdiction of

6.5 Market disclosure relating to a listed fund

Disclosure of inside information

6.5.1

(1)

A Reporting Entity of a Listed Fund must:

(a)

make timely disclosure of Inside Information in accordance with the requirements in this section; and

(b)

ensure that the disclosure it makes pursuant to (a) is not misleading, false or deceptive and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of the information.

(2)

For the purposes of complying with the requirement in (1)(a), the Reporting Entity of a Listed Fund must, subject to Rule 6.5.4 and 6.5.5, make disclosure to the market as soon as possible and in the manner specified in Rule 6.10.1.

Guidance

1.

A Reporting Entity of a Listed Fund is required to disclose Inside Information relating to the Listed Fund to the market as soon as possible in accordance with the requirements in Section 6.9. In practice, a short period before announcing Inside Information is permitted where a Reporting Entity is affected by an unexpected event and the Reporting Entity needs to clarify the situation or take legal advice so that any information released is accurate and not misleading. Any delay should be limited to a period no longer than is reasonably necessary in the circumstances. Where there is a danger of the information leaking out in the meantime, the Reporting Entity should make a holding announcement giving an outline of the subject matter of the announcement, the reasons why a full announcement cannot yet be made and undertaking to make a full announcement as soon as possible.

2.

For the disclosure to be not misleading, false or deceptive, a Reporting Entity of a Listed Fund should provide information that is accurate, factual and complete. Any incomplete or inaccurate information, such as omission of relevant information, would be misleading or deceptive. Information should be provided in an easy to understand manner and not for promotional purposes. The use of imprecise and confusing language such as ‘double digit’ or ‘in excess of last year’ should be avoided as it does not allow investors to properly assess the information for the purpose of making an informed decision relating to the relevant Securities

3.

A confidentiality agreement should not prevent a Reporting Entity from complying with its obligations relating to the disclosure of Inside Information.

65

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

4.

If, for any reason, a Reporting Entity of a Listed Fund is unable, or unwilling to make a holding announcement it may be appropriate for the Reporting Entity to file a report pursuant to Rule 6.5.4(2) and for the trading of Units to be suspended until the Reporting Entity of the Listed Fund is in a position to make an announcement.

Identifying inside information relating to a listed fund

5.

Inside Information is defined in Article 63(1)(a) of the Law as:

“information in relation to Investments of a precise nature which:

(i)

is not generally available;

(ii)

relates, directly or indirectly, to one or more Reporting Entities or the issuer of the Investments concerned or to one or more of the Investments; and

(iii)

would, if generally available, be likely to have a significant effect on the price of the Investments or on the price of related investments.”

6.

For the purposes of Article 63(1)(a) of the Law, information is considered “precise” if it:

a.

indicates circumstances that exist or may reasonably be expected to come into existence or an event that has occurred or may reasonably be expected to occur; and

b.

is specific enough to enable a conclusion to be drawn as to the possible effect of those circumstances or that event on the price of Investments or related investments.

7.

Similarly, information would be likely to have a “significant effect on price” if and only if it is information of that kind which a reasonable investor would be likely to use as part of the basis of his investment decisions.

8.

The Reporting Entity of a Listed Fund is itself best placed to determine whether information, if made public, is likely to have a significant effect on the price of the relevant Units, as what