 third party acceptable to the DFSA. To be acceptable to the DFSA, the third-party should be independent of the Issuer and have relevant expertise relating to the matters on which certification of compliance is to be provided.

4.

In most cases the Person making a Prospectus Offer will be the Issuer of the Securities to which the Prospectus relates. However there may be situations where

76

MKT/VER24/03-25

7.1.3

7.1.4

7.1.5

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

the Person making a Prospectus Offer, that is the offeror, is not the Issuer of the relevant Securities.

5.

In any event, the sponsor must make certain inquiries and assume certain obligations under the Rules. A sponsor should therefore be a Person familiar with the requirements of the Law and Rules and who has the necessary knowledge, experience, qualifications and resources to assist the Person making the Prospectus Offer to comply with the various requirements.

6.

The DFSA’s Policy Statement 1/2012 on Appointment of a Sponsor describes in greater detail the role and regulatory obligations of a sponsor and the kind of knowledge, experience, qualifications and resources the DFSA expects a sponsor to have. The Policy explains that although a sponsor has certain regulatory obligations of its own, as prescribed in this module, its principal role is to assist a Person making a Prospectus Offer to comply with its regulatory responsibilities relating to that offer. In the Policy Statement, the DFSA confirms that a Person making a Prospectus Offer does not, and cannot, avoid or diminish its regulatory obligations related to Offering Securities simply because it is required to have a sponsor. The regulatory obligations of the Person making the Prospectus Offer are not transferred to the sponsor but remain the responsibility of the Person making the offer.

Procedures relating to appointment of sponsors

(1)

A Person required to appoint a sponsor must, prior to appointing a sponsor:

(a)

take reasonable steps to ensure that the proposed sponsor has the required knowledge, experience, qualifications and resources to carry out its obligations under the Rules; and

(b)

notify the DFSA of the proposed sponsor’s name, its business address and an address in the DIFC for the service of documents.

(2)

If requested by the DFSA, a Person appointing a sponsor must provide the DFSA with information about the knowledge, experience, qualifications and resources of the appointed or proposed sponsor.

(1)

A Person must take reasonable steps to ensure that the relevant sponsor and Employees of the sponsor are independent and have appropriately managed any conflict of interest that may arise.

(2)

A Person must notify the DFSA if it becomes aware, or has reason to believe, that the sponsor or relevant Employees of the sponsor are no longer independent or have a conflict of interest which has not been appropriately managed.

(1) Where, in the opinion of the DFSA, a sponsor appointed by a Person is not suitable, or where a sponsor has not been appointed or has resigned, the DFSA may direct the Person to replace or appoint a sponsor.

(2)

The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law apply to a decision of the DFSA under this Rule. The DFSA must give both the Person and, if in the DFSA’s opinion a sponsor is not suitable, the sponsor an opportunity to make representations under the procedures in that Schedule.

(3)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under this Rule, the Person may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

77

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

Obligations of a sponsor

7.1.6 A sponsor appointed pursuant to Rule 7.1.2 must:

(a)

satisfy itself to the best of its knowledge and belief, having made due and careful enquiry that the Person who makes or intends to make a Prospectus Offer has satisfied all applicable conditions for offering Securities and other relevant requirements under the Law and the Rules;

(b)

provide to the DFSA any information or explanation known to it in such form and within such time limit as the DFSA may reasonably require for the purpose of verifying whether the Person making the Prospectus Offer complies or has complied, with the applicable requirements in the Law and the Rules; and

(c)

take other steps required in writing by the DFSA.

7.1.7 Where a