-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

d.

provisions to address conflicts of interest. For example individuals involved in the senior management of the Reporting Entity (such as executive Directors and other senior executives, called “Restricted Persons”), are prohibited from dealing in the Securities of the Reporting Entity during “close periods”, unless prior clearance for those dealings is obtained. Similarly, Persons who qualify as Related Parties of the Reporting Entity are prohibited from entering into commercial transactions with the Reporting Entity unless certain requirements are followed.

Market disclosure – chapter 4

3.

Every Reporting Entity is required to disclose to the market certain types of information either relating to the Securities of the Reporting Entity or the Reporting Entity itself. Such disclosure is designed to ensure that the markets are continually updated with information that is likely to have an impact on the price of the Securities so that investors can make an informed judgement about those Securities. For this purpose, Chapter 4 requires disclosure of Inside Information, with carve-outs for non-disclosure of commercially sensitive information for a limited period, as well as disclosures of interests held by Persons in positions of control or influence relating to a Reporting Entity (such as controllers and their associates, called “Connected Persons”), and the disclosure of Directors’ material interests in the Reporting Entity. The means by which disclosure of the information required to be provided to the markets are also specified in this chapter.

Accounting periods, financial reports and auditing – chapter 5

4.

Every Reporting Entity is required to prepare and file certain annual, semi-annual and other periodic financial reports relating to the financial position of the Reporting Entity. Such reports are required to be prepared in accordance with the specified internationally accepted accounting standards and, in the case of annual financial reports, required to be audited. The requirements relating to the preparation and audit of the financial statements and the disclosure of such reports within specified periods are set out in Chapter 5.

Listed Funds and ATS Traded Funds – chapter 6

5.

Chapter 6 contains, with the exception of the requirements in chapters 7 (sponsors) and 8 (systems and controls), all the requirements applicable to a Reporting Entity of a Listed Fund or an ATS Traded Fund. These requirements, while mirroring the requirements applicable to other Reporting Entities, have been tailored to take account of the characteristics of Funds. These include:

a.

general requirements applicable to Listed Funds and ATS Traded Funds;

b.

Prospectus requirements for the purposes of having Units of a Fund admitted to trading on an Authorised Market Institution, or Security Tokens that are Units of a Fund admitted to trading on an Alternative Trading System;

c.

governance requirements applicable to Listed Funds and ATS Traded Funds;

d.

market disclosure of information relating to Listed Funds and ATS Traded Funds; and

e.

financial reporting requirements applicable to Listed Funds and ATS Traded Funds.

Sponsors and compliance advisers – chapter 7

6.

The DFSA has the discretion to require the appointment of a sponsor, compliance adviser or other expert adviser by a Reporting Entity, including that of a Listed Fund or an ATS Traded Fund. Chapter 7 contains the requirements relating to the appointment of such sponsors, compliance advisers and other expert advisers, and the obligations that apply to such Persons and the Reporting Entity where such sponsors or compliance advisers are appointed.

4

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

Systems and controls – chapter 8

7.

Chapter 8 sets out the systems and controls a Reporting Entity, including a Reporting Entity of a Listed Fund or an ATS Traded Fund, must have in order to be able to comply with the requirements applicable to that Person.

Listing Rule – chapter 9

8.

Chapter 9 sets out the DFSA’s Listing Rules.

Transitional provisions – chapter 10

9.

Chapter 10 sets out the transitional provisions necessary to facilitate the transition from the Markets Law 2004 to the Law for certain debt Securities, as the new requirements are different from those under which such debt Securities were admitted to an Official List of Securities but were not traded on an Authorised Market Institution.

5

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

1.3 General

1.3.1 A reference in this MKT module to:

(a)

“the Law”, is a reference to the Markets Law 2012;

(b)

“this module”, is a