 out the transitional provisions necessary to facilitate the transition from the Markets Law 2004 to the Law for certain debt Securities, as the new requirements are different from those under which such debt Securities were admitted to an Official List of Securities but were not traded on an Authorised Market Institution.

5

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

1.3 General

1.3.1 A reference in this MKT module to:

(a)

“the Law”, is a reference to the Markets Law 2012;

(b)

“this module”, is a reference to this MKT module; and

(c)

“Rules”, except where otherwise provided, is a reference to the Rules in this module.

1.3.2 Where a Reporting Entity is referred to in this module as a Reporting Entity in respect of a specified class of Securities, it is a reference to a Person who has become a Reporting Entity by:

(a)

making an Offer of Securities to the Public;

(b)

having Securities admitted to trading on an Authorised Market Institution; or

(c)

having Security Tokens admitted to trading on an Alternative Trading System,

of that particular specified class of Securities.

Definition of a Small or Medium-Sized Enterprise (SME)

1.3.3

(1)

An Applicant is a SME under this module if:

(a) it is applying for the admission of its Shares to the List; and

(b) the aggregate market value of all of its listed Shares on admission is

reasonably expected to be less than $250 million.

(2)

A Listed Entity is a SME under this module if:

(a) the aggregate market value of all of its listed Shares on admission was

less than $250 million; and

(b) it has not ceased to be a SME under (3).

(3)

A Listed Entity ceases to be a SME for the purposes of (2)(b), if the average aggregate market value of its listed Shares has exceeded $500 million for 90 consecutive days.

Guidance

1.

The terms “Applicant” and “Listed Entity” are defined in Rule 9.1.1(2).

2.

Rule 1.3.3 defines when an Applicant or Listed Entity is a SME. Under that Rule, such an Applicant or Listed Entity will be a SME unless the average aggregate market value of its listed shares exceeds $500 million for 90 consecutive days. If that occurs, it will cease to be a SME and will need to meet the same continuing obligations as any other Listed Entity.

3.

The DFSA may specify, for the purposes of the SME definition, the appropriate method to be used to calculate the aggregate market value of the Shares of an Applicant or a Listed Entity. A SME should have in place appropriate systems and controls to monitor the average aggregate market value of its listed Shares to determine if it ceases to be a SME under Rule

6

MKT/VER24/03-25

1.4

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

1.3.3(3). If a Listed Entity ceases to be a SME it is required under Rule 4.6.1 and App2 to disclose that fact to the market.

4.

The DFSA may modify the application of the SME definition in Rule 1.3.3 in relation to a particular Applicant or Listed Entity, where it is satisfied that it is appropriate in the circumstances to do so. For example, if an Applicant is likely:

(a) to exceed the threshold in Rule 1.3.3(1)(b), but can demonstrate that it is appropriate to treat it as a SME because of its limited operating history and early stage of its development; or

(b) to fall below the threshold in Rule 1.3.3(1)(b), but can demonstrate that it should not be

treated as a SME because it has an established track record and business.

Interpreting the rulebook

Guidance

Interpretation

1.

Every provision in the Rulebook must be interpreted in the light of its purpose. The purpose of any provision is to be gathered first and foremost from the text of the provision in question and its context among other relevant provisions.

2.

When this section refers to a provision, this means every type of provision, including Rules and Guidance.

3.

Where reference is made in the Rulebook to another provision of