 steps to ensure that its senior management and any other relevant Employees understand and comply with their responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules.

Principle 2

9.2.2 A Listed Entity must take reasonable steps to establish and maintain adequate policies, procedures, systems and controls to enable it to comply with its obligations under the Listing Rules.

Principle 3

9.2.3 A Listed Entity must act with integrity towards holders and potential holders of its

Listed Securities.

Principle 4

9.2.4 A Listed Entity must communicate information to holders and potential holders of its Listed Securities in such a way as to avoid the creation or continuation of a false market in such Listed Securities.

Principle 5

9.2.5 A Listed Entity must deal with the DFSA in an open and co-operative manner.

Principle 6

9.2.6 A Listed Entity must ensure that it treats all holders of the same class of its Listed Securities equally in respect of the rights attaching to such Listed Securities.

84

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

9.3 General eligibility requirements

Incorporation

9.3.1 An Applicant must be duly incorporated or otherwise validly established according to the relevant laws of its place of incorporation or establishment and be operating in conformity with its constitution.

Audited financial statements

9.3.2 An Applicant must have published or filed audited accounts which:

(a)

for a SME, cover a prior period of at least one year or, if the SME has been in operation for more than one year, such longer period as it has been in operation, up to three years;

(b)

in any other case, cover a prior period of three years or such shorter period acceptable to the DFSA;

(c)

are consolidated for the Applicant and any of its subsidiary undertakings;

(d)

have been prepared in accordance with IFRS or other standards acceptable to the DFSA; and

(e)

have been audited and reported on by auditors in accordance with auditing standards of the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB) or other standards acceptable to the DFSA.

Guidance

1.

The DFSA may modify or waive Rule 9.3.2, if it is satisfied that it is desirable in the interests of investors and that investors have the necessary information available to arrive at an informed judgement about the Issuer and the Shares for which a Listing is sought.

2.

The DFSA would accept a shorter period than three years for an applicant that is not a SME, depending on the nature of the Applicant’s business and any other material considerations, for example, where the Issuer has been in operation for less than 3 years.

Working capital

9.3.3 An Applicant seeking admission of Shares to the List must satisfy the DFSA that it and any Subsidiaries have sufficient working capital available for its present requirements or, if not, how it proposes to provide the additional working capital needed.

Guidance

1.

For the purposes of Rule 9.3.3, the DFSA considers “present requirements” to be a minimum period of 12 months from date of listing.

2.

Rule 1.4 of Appendix 1.2.1 requires the Directors of an Issuer in its Prospectus to make a statement that it has sufficient working capital for its present requirements i.e. a “clean” working capital statement. If an Applicant is unable to make a clean working capital statement, the Applicant would need to make a statement that it does not have sufficient working capital and explain how additional working capital will be provided.

85

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

General suitability

9.3.4

(1)

An Applicant must demonstrate to the DFSA’s satisfaction that it and its business are suitable for listing.

(2)

In satisfying itself that an Applicant and its business are suitable for listing, the DFSA will consider:

(a)

the Applicant’s connection with its controlling shareholders or any other Person;

(b)

whether in the DFSA’s reasonable opinion the Applicant is ready and able to comply with its obligations under the Law and the Rules;

(c)

any matter in relation to the Applicant, its business or Securities which may harm the integrity or the reputation of the DIFC capital markets or which may pose a risk to