 days before the DFSA is to consider the application:

(a)

a completed application form;

(b)

the Approved Prospectus, and if applicable, any Approved Supplementary Prospectus in respect of the Securities;

(c)

in respect of Securities which are Shares, written confirmation of the number of Shares to be allotted in the offer; and

(d)

if a Prospectus has not been produced, a copy of the announcement detailing the number and type of Securities that are subject to the application and the circumstances of their issue.

90

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

Guidance

There are additional documents required if the Securities are held out as being in accordance with Shari’a; these are specified in the IFR module.

Documents to be provided on the day

9.4.5 The following documents must be submitted, in final form, to the DFSA by the

Applicant before 9 am on the day the DFSA is to consider the application:

(a)

a completed shareholder statement; and

(b)

a completed pricing statement, in the case of a placing, open offer or offer for subscription .

9.4.6 An applicant must ensure that the documents required by Rule 9.4.5 are signed by, if

appointed, its Sponsor or a duly authorised officer of the applicant.

Documents to be kept

9.4.7 An Applicant must keep copies of the following documents for six years after the

admission to the List:

(a)

any agreement to acquire any assets, business or Securities in consideration for or in relation to which the Listed Entity’s Shares are being issued;

(b)

any letter, report, valuation, contract or other documents referred to in the Prospectus or other document issued in connection with those Securities;

(c)

the Applicant’s constitution as at the date of admission;

(d)

the annual report and accounts of the Applicant and of any guarantor, for each of the periods which form part of the Applicant’s financial record contained in the Prospectus;

(e)

any interim financial statements which were made up prior to the date of admission;

(f)

any temporary and definitive documents of title;

(g)

in the case of an application in respect of Securities issued pursuant to an employee’s share scheme, the scheme document; and

(h)

copies of Board resolutions of the Applicant allotting or issuing the Shares.

9.4.8 An Applicant must provide to the DFSA the documents set out in Rule 9.4.7, if

requested to do so.

Guidance

Provided that all the documents required by Rules 9.4.4 and 9.4.5 are complete and received on time, the DFSA would generally expect to process an application for admittance to the List within two days, and in the case of non-equity Securities, one day.

9.5 Determination of applications and references

91

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

Guidance

Determination of applications

1.

Under Article 33(1) of the Law, an Authorised Market Institution or the DFSA may only grant admission of Securities to an Official List of Securities maintained by it, in accordance with the requirements in the Law and the Rules made for the purposes of the Law.

2.

Under Article 34(1)(b) and 34(2)(b) of the Law, the DFSA may impose conditions or restrictions in respect of the admission of Securities to the Official List of Securities, or vary or withdraw such conditions or restrictions.

3.

Under Article 33(2) of the Law, an Authorised Market Institution or the DFSA, as is relevant, will notify the applicant in writing of its decision in relation to the application for admission of Securities to the Official List of Securities.

4.

Where the DFSA grants admission of Securities to an Official List of Securities, it will include such Person in its Official List of Securities published on the DFSA website.

References

5.

Under Article 34(7) of the Law, an Applicant may commence a reference to the FMT in relation to any decision by the DFSA to object or refuse an application for admission of Securities to the Official List of Securities, or to impose conditions or restriction on the admission of Securities to the Official List of Securities, or to vary such conditions or restrictions.

6.

Under Article 29 of the