 year and any significant changes in the nature of those activities during the year;

(e)

details of any matter or circumstance that has arisen since the end of the year that has significantly affected or may significantly affect:

(i)

the Reporting Entity’s operations in future financial years and the results of those operations; or

(ii)

the Reporting Entity’s state of affairs in future financial years; and

(f)

likely developments in the Reporting Entity’s operations in future financial years and the expected results of those operations;

(g)

a statement of auditors required under Article 46(2) of the Law;

(h)

a statement by Directors whether or not, in their opinion, the business of is a going concern, with supporting assumptions or qualifications as necessary; and

the Reporting Entity

(i)

details relating to the identity and holdings of any Connected Person of the Reporting Entity.

(3)

A Reporting Entity which only has Debentures with a denomination of at least $100,000 admitted to the Official List of Securities is not required to include in its annual financial report the information in paragraphs (2)(b) to (f) and (h) to (i).

Guidance

With regard to the opinion required under the obligation in Rule 5.1.4(2)(h), the DFSA recognises that while the financial statements will be prepared by Persons other than the Directors, the Board has overall responsibilities to ensure the integrity and independence of the financial reporting process.

5.1.5 The annual financial report of a Reporting Entity that is not a Public Listed Company must be audited by an independent, competent and qualified auditor in accordance with the International Standards on Auditing as issued by the International Auditing

53

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

and Assurance Standards Board (“IAASB”) or other standards acceptable to the DFSA.

Guidance

1. MKT Rule 5.1.5 applies to a Reporting Entity that is not a Public Listed Company.

2.

A Public Listed Company is required under Article 99 of the Regulatory Law to appoint an auditor that is a Registered Auditor (see MKT 5.2). Under MKT Rule 5.2.7 a Public Listed Company must require its Registered Auditor to conduct an audit of its financial statements in accordance with the requirements of the relevant standards published by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB) in respect of its financial business or other standards acceptable to the DFSA and produce audit reports as specified in AUD.

5.1.6 The annual financial report must be signed by at least two Directors of the Reporting

Entity.

Guidance

The DFSA expects a Reporting Entity to make, within its annual financial report, appropriate levels of disclosure for different types of Securities. Accordingly, the disclosure made for an Issuer of Shares would be significantly more extensive than the disclosure made in respect of an Issuer of Debentures.

Semi-annual financial report

5.1.7

(1)

Pursuant to Article 45(1)(a) of the Law, a Reporting Entity in respect of Shares, or Warrants or Certificates over Shares must, in addition to the annual financial report, prepare and file a semi-annual financial report which meets the requirements in (2) and (3).

(2)

A Reporting Entity must:

(a)

prepare such report:

(i)

for the first six months of each financial year or period; and if there is a change to the accounting reference date, prepare such report in respect of the period up to the old accounting reference date; and

(ii)

in accordance with the applicable IFRS standards or other standards acceptable to the DFSA;

(b)

if the financial statements have either been audited or reviewed by auditors, include in the report statements to that effect; and

(c)

ensure that the report includes:

(i)

an indication of important events that have occurred during the first six months of the financial year, and their impact on the financial statements;

(ii)

a description of the principal risks and uncertainties for the remaining six months of the financial year; and

(iii)

a condensed set of interim management report and associated responsibility statements.

financial statements, an

54

MKT/VER24/03-25

(3)

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

A semi-annual financial report must be signed by at least two Directors of