 Board which

is collectively accountable for ensuring that the Reporting Entity’s business is managed prudently and soundly.

28

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

Principle 2 – Division of responsibilities

3.2.4 The Board must ensure that there is a clear division between the board’s responsibility for setting the strategic aims and undertaking the oversight of the Reporting Entity and the Senior Management’s responsibility for managing the Reporting Entity’s business in accordance with the strategic aims and risk parameters set by the Board.

Principle 3 – Board composition and resources

3.2.5 The Board, and its committees, must have an appropriate balance of skills, experience, independence and knowledge of the Reporting Entity’s business, and adequate resources, including access to expertise as required and timely and comprehensive information relating to the affairs of the Reporting Entity.

Principle 4 – Risk management and internal control systems

3.2.6 The Board must ensure that the Reporting Entity has an adequate, effective, well- defined and well-integrated risk management, internal control and compliance framework.

Principle 5 – Shareholder rights and effective dialogue

3.2.7 The Board must ensure that the rights of shareholders are properly safeguarded through appropriate measures that enable the shareholders to exercise their rights effectively, promote effective dialogue with shareholders and other key stakeholders as appropriate, and prevent any abuse or oppression of minority shareholders.

Principle 6 – Position and prospects

3.2.8 The Board must ensure that the Reporting Entity’s financial and other reports present an accurate, balanced and understandable assessment of the Reporting Entity’s financial position and prospects by ensuring that there are effective internal risk control and reporting requirements.

Principle 7 – Remuneration

3.2.9 The Board must ensure that the Reporting Entity has remuneration structures and

strategies that are well aligned with the long-term interests of the entity.

Annual reporting on compliance

3.2.10 The annual financial report of a Reporting Entity to which this section applies must:

(a)

state whether the best practice standards specified in App4 have been adopted by the Reporting Entity for the purposes of complying with the Corporate Governance Principles;

(b)

if the best practice standards in App4 have not been fully adopted or have been only partially adopted explain:

(i)

why the best practice standards were not adopted fully or adopted only partially, as is relevant; and

(ii)

what actions, if any, have been taken by the Reporting Entity to achieve compliance with the Corporate Governance Principles to the

29

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

extent the relevant best practice standards were not adopted, or were only partially adopted; and

(c)

include a statement by Directors whether or not, in their opinion, the corporate governance framework of the Reporting Entity is effective in promoting compliance with the Corporate Governance Principles, with supporting information and assumptions, and qualifications if necessary.

Guidance

1.

Rule 3.2.10 reflects the “comply or explain” approach adopted by the DFSA in respect of the Corporate Governance Principles.

2.

With regard to the opinion required under Rule 3.2.10(c), adequate information relating to the corporate governance framework of the Reporting Entity should be included to support the opinion, such as the identity of its chair, any committees of the Board and their role and membership, the chief executive and persons undertaking key control functions such as the head of compliance, risk control and internal audit and how their independence is achieved. See also the disclosure of information required under App2.

3.3 Directors duties and fair treatment of shareholders

Application

3.3.1

(1)

This section applies, subject to (2), to:

(a)

the Board of a Reporting Entity in respect of Shares; and

(b)

each individual Director who is a member of such a board.

(2)

The requirement in Rule 3.3.3 applies to every Reporting Entity.

Guidance

1.

Where a Person referred to in Rule 3.3.1(1) is required under any legislation applicable to such a Person to comply with a similar or more stringent requirement than the requirements in this section, compliance with those other requirements would be sufficient compliance for the purposes of the relevant requirement in this section.

2.

For example, in the case of a reduction of share capital, more stringent procedures such as a special