 4.7.1.

4.4 Disclosure of directors’ material interests

Guidance

Article 43 of the Law requires Persons with a material interest in the Reporting Entity to give a notice relating to that interest in accordance with the requirements prescribed in the Rules.

Application

4.4.1 This section applies to every Reporting Entity other than that of a Listed Fund.

Guidance

Chapter 6 contains the disclosure of material interest applicable to Listed Fund.

Definition of a material interest

4.4.2 A Director of a Reporting Entity has a material interest in the Reporting Entity if that

person has any interest arising through:

(a)

the direct or indirect ownership of, or beneficial ownership of, Investments in the Reporting Entity; or

47

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

(b)

any involvement in financial or commercial arrangement with or relating to the Reporting Entity.

Content and procedures relating to the notice

4.4.3

(1)

Subject to (2), a notice relating to a material interest must be given by a Person referred to in Rule 4.4.2, to the other Directors of the Reporting Entity within 5 business days of the material interest arising or changing.

(2)

A Person referred to in (1) need not give a notice relating to a material interest if the material interest is required to be included in a report which that Person must provide by virtue of being a Connected Person under section 4.3 and the Person has complied with the requirement mentioned in that section.

(3)

A notice relating to a material interest must contain:

(a)

the name and address of the Person giving the notice; and

(b)

the details relating to the material interest, including the date on which the material interest arose or changed.

Market disclosure

4.4.4 Upon receiving a notice relating to a material interest, the Reporting Entity must, as soon as possible, make market disclosure of that report in accordance with Rule 4.7.1.

4.5 Power to direct disclosure

Guidance

Article 50 of the Law gives the DFSA the power to direct a Reporting Entity to disclose specified information to the market or take such other steps as the DFSA considers appropriate where it is satisfied that it is in the interest of the DIFC to do so.

4.5.1

(1)

The DFSA may, pursuant to its power under Article 50(1)(a) of the Law, issue a written notice directing a Reporting Entity (a “direction notice”) to disclose specified information to the market and to take any other steps as the DFSA considers appropriate in the following circumstances:

(a)

where a Reporting Entity fails to comply with an obligation to disclose any information under the Law and the Rules;

(b)

to correct or prevent a false market if the DFSA reasonably considers that there is or is likely to be a false market in a Reporting Entity’s Securities;

(c)

where there is a rumour or media speculation in relation to the Reporting Entity or the relevant Securities that has not been confirmed or clarified by an announcement by the Reporting Entity made in accordance with Rule 4.2.1 and such rumour or media speculation is or is reasonably likely to have an impact upon the price of the Reporting Entity or the relevant Securities; or

(d)

where it is in the interests of:

48

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

(i)

actual or potential investors;

(ii)

market integrity; or

(iii)

the DIFC.

(2)

A Reporting Entity which receives a direction notice issued pursuant to (1) must comply with the terms of that notice.

4.6 Other matters that require market disclosure

4.6.1 A Reporting Entity must disclose to the market in accordance with Rule 4.7.1 the

matters specified in App2.

4.7 Manner of market disclosure

4.7.1

(1) When a Reporting Entity is required to make market disclosure of any information, such information must be released to the market by way of an announcement made:

(a)

to the Authorised Market Institution on which the Securities are admitted to trading;

(b)

on the website of the Reporting Entity; and

(c)

to any approved Regulatory Announcement Service.

(2)

The disclosure in (1) must also be concurrently provided to the