 executive of a Reporting Entity may also be a Board member. Where this is the case, the Board should ensure that when assessing the performance of the Senior Management, the independence and objectivity of that process is achieved through

169

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

appropriate mechanisms, such as the assignment of such a task to a non-executive Director of the Board or a committee comprising a majority of non-executive Directors.

Chairman and chief executive

16.

In order to ensure that the Board’s function of providing effective oversight of the management of the Reporting Entity is not compromised, it is important that the role of the chairman of the Board and the role of the chief executive of the Reporting Entity should not be held by the same individual.

17. However, if the Board decides that the chief executive should also hold the position of the chairman of the Board, there should be effective measures to ensure that the Board is able to properly discharge its function of providing effective oversight of the management of the business of the Reporting Entity by its Senior Management. For example, the performance assessment of the chief executive and other members of the Senior Management should be undertaken by a non-executive Director of the Board (such as the senior independent Director) or a committee comprising a majority of non-executive Directors who report to the Board directly on their assessment, and also, prior approval by shareholders of the appointment of the chief executive as chairman of the Board.

18. Except where the positions of the chairman of the board and the chief executive are held by the same person, the division of responsibilities between the chairman and chief executive should be clearly established, set out in writing and agreed to by the Board.

19. The chairman should be responsible for providing leadership of the Board, ensuring its effectiveness in all aspects of the Board’s role and setting its agenda.

20. Except where the positions of the chairman of the Board and the chief executive are held by the same individual, the chairman of the Board should meet the independence criteria set out in paragraph 31.

21. The annual report of the Reporting Entity should:

a.

identify the chairman, the deputy chairman (where there is one) and the chief executive; and

b.

include a high level statement of which types of decisions are to be taken by the Board and which are to be delegated to the Senior Management.

Principle 3 – Board composition and resources

Rule 3.2.5 “The Board and its committees must have an appropriate balance of skills, experience, independence and knowledge of the Reporting Entity’s business, and adequate resources, including access to expertise as required and timely and comprehensive information relating to the affairs of the Reporting Entity.”

Balance of skills and independence

22. A major consideration that underpins the effectiveness of the Board is the availability at the Board level of the relevant skills, expertise and resources as are necessary to discharge the Board functions, taking due account of the nature, scale and complexity of the business of the Reporting Entity. It may well be that no single Director has all the knowledge, skills and expertise needed by a Board to discharge its functions. The Board should have an appropriate number and mix of individuals to ensure that there is an overall adequate level of knowledge, skills and expertise commensurate with the nature, scale and complexity of the business of the Reporting Entity.

170

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

24.

In order to ensure that the Board is equipped with the necessary skills, expertise and resources appropriate to the business of the Reporting Entity, there should be a formal, rigorous and transparent procedure for the appointment of Directors to the Board. Appointments to the Board should be made on merit and against objective criteria, with due regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board. Care should be taken to ensure that appointees have enough time available to devote to the job. This is particularly important in the case of chairmanships.

25. All Directors should be submitted for re-appointment at regular intervals, subject to continued satisfactory performance. The Board should ensure planned and progressive refreshing of the Board to ensure the on-going effectiveness of the Board, particularly the objectivity of the decision making by the Board and maintaining the skills and expertise as relevant to the Reporting Entity’s business.

26. All Directors should be subject to election by shareholders at the first annual general meeting after their appointment, and to re-election thereafter at intervals of no