 carefully in the Reporting Entity’s annual report, thereby providing shareholders’ the opportunity to make well informed decisions with regard to their voting and the exercise of their rights. The standards in this Appendix are not exhaustive and hence a Reporting Entity may implement any additional measures as required in order for it to comply with the Principles and contribute to sound and prudent governance of the entity.

For the purposes of this Appendix “Senior Management” includes any individual who either alone or jointly has ultimate responsibility for the day to day management,

168

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

supervision and control of one or more (or all) parts of a Reporting Entity’s business. Consistently with this, the Board should adopt a definition of “senior management” that includes the first layer of management below the Board.

Principle 1 – Board of directors

Rule 3.2.3 “Every Reporting Entity must have an effective Board of Directors (“the Board”) which is collectively accountable for ensuring that the Reporting Entity’s business is managed prudently and soundly.”

9.

The role of the Board of Directors (“Board”) is to provide leadership of the Reporting Entity within a framework of prudent and effective controls which enable risks to which the Reporting Entity is exposed to be identified, assessed and effectively managed.

10. The Board should set the Reporting Entity’s business and strategic objectives and risk parameters, ensure that the necessary financial and human resources are in place for the Reporting Entity to meet those objectives, and review management performance in achieving those objectives and outcomes. For this purpose, the Board should: a.

10. The Board should set the Reporting Entity’s business and strategic objectives and risk parameters, ensure that the necessary financial and human resources are in place for the Reporting Entity to meet those objectives, and review management performance in achieving those objectives and outcomes. For this purpose, the Board should: determine the nature and extent of the significant risks it is willing to take in achieving the relevant strategic objectives; and

set the Reporting Entity’s values and standards and ensure that its obligations to its stakeholders are clearly understood and met.

11. The Board should meet sufficiently regularly to discharge its duties effectively. There should be a formal schedule of matters specifically reserved for its decision.

12. The mandate, composition and working procedures of the Board should be well defined.

13. The annual report of the Reporting Entity should include a statement of how the Board operates and it should also set out the number of meetings of the Board.

Principle 2 – Division of responsibilities

Rule 3.2.4 “The Board must ensure that there is a clear division between the Board’s responsibility for setting the strategic aims and undertaking the oversight of the Reporting Entity and the Senior Management’s responsibility for managing the Reporting Entity’s business in accordance with the strategic aims and risk parameters set by the Board.”

Board and Senior Management

14. The division of responsibilities between the Board and the Senior Management of the Reporting Entity should be clearly established, set out in writing, and agreed to by the Board. In assigning duties, the Board should ensure that no one individual has unfettered powers in making decisions. It should also ensure that there is a clear segregation of the functions of: a.

14. The division of responsibilities between the Board and the Senior Management of the Reporting Entity should be clearly established, set out in writing, and agreed to by the Board. In assigning duties, the Board should ensure that no one individual has unfettered powers in making decisions. It should also ensure that there is a clear segregation of the functions of: the oversight of the management by the Board; and

the management of the Reporting Entity’s business by the Senior Management in accordance with the strategic aims and risk parameters set by the Board.

15. Board members may include individuals undertaking Senior Management functions. For example, the chief executive of a Reporting Entity may also be a Board member. Where this is the case, the Board should ensure that when assessing the performance of the Senior Management, the independence and objectivity of that process is achieved through

169

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

appropriate mechanisms, such as the assignment of such a task to a non-executive Director of the Board or a committee comprising a majority of non-executive Directors.

Chairman and chief executive

16.

In order to ensure that the Board’s function of providing effective oversight of the management