 Employees;

g.

holds cross Directorships or has significant links with other Directors through involvement in other companies or bodies; or

h.

represents a significant shareholder.

32. The terms and conditions of appointment of non-executive Directors should be made available for inspection by any person at the Reporting Entity’s registered office during normal business hours. The letter of appointment should set out the expected time commitment. Non-executive Directors should undertake that they will have sufficient time to meet what is expected of them. Their other significant commitments should be disclosed to the Board before appointment, with a broad indication of the time involved. The Board should be informed of subsequent changes.

33. The annual report of the Reporting Entity should identify each non-executive Director it considers to be independent, the senior independent Director, and the chairman and members of each of the Board committees. It should also state the relevant skills and expertise which each Director brings to the Board and set out the number of meetings of each of the committees and individual attendance by Directors.

34. As part of their role as members of the Board, non-executive Directors should constructively challenge and help develop proposals on business objectives and strategy for achieving the performance of Senior Management against agreed goals and objectives and monitor the reporting of their performance. Nomination committee

35. The Board should establish and maintain a nomination committee to lead the process for appointments and make recommendations to the Board relating to the appointment of Board members and the Senior Management. A majority of members of the nomination committee should be independent non-executive Directors. The chairman of the nomination committee should be an independent non-executive Director.

36. The mandate, composition and working procedures of the nomination committee should be well defined. The nomination committee should make available on the website of the Reporting Entity its written terms of reference explaining its role and the authority delegated to it by the Board.

37. The nomination committee should evaluate

the balance of skills, knowledge, independence and experience on the Board and, in the light of this evaluation, prepare a description of the role and capabilities required for a particular appointment.

172

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

38. A separate section of the annual report of the Reporting Entity should describe the work of the nomination committee, including the process it has used in relation to Board appointments. An explanation should be given if neither an external consultancy nor an open advertising process has been used in the appointment of the chairman or a non- executive Director of the Board. Secretary of the reporting entity

39. The responsibilities of the Reporting Entity’s secretary should clearly include, under the direction of the chairman, ensuring good information flows within the Board and its committees and between Senior Management and non-executive Directors, as well as facilitating induction and assisting with professional development of Board members as required. The secretary should also be responsible for ensuring that Board procedures are fully complied with, and advising the Board through the chairman on all governance matters.

40. Both the appointment and removal of the secretary of the Reporting Entity should be a matter for the Board as a whole.

Information and support

41. All Directors should have access to accurate, timely and clear information relating to the business and affairs of the Reporting Entity to enable them to discharge their duties, taking due account of the roles undertaken by such members. The chairman is responsible for ensuring that the Directors receive such information. Senior Management has an obligation to provide such information, but Directors should seek clarification or amplification where necessary. All Directors should also have access to the advice and services of the secretary of the Reporting Entity, as he is responsible to the Board for ensuring compliance with the Board procedures.

42. The Board should ensure that Directors, especially non-executive Directors, have access to independent professional advice at the Reporting Entity’s expense where necessary to enable them to discharge their respective roles and responsibilities. Committees of the Board should also be provided with sufficient resources including information to carry out their role and responsibilities effectively.

Performance evaluation

43. The Board should undertake a formal and rigorous evaluation of its own performance and that of its committees and individual Directors at least annually.

44. The chairman of the Board should act on the results of the performance evaluation by recognising the strengths and addressing the weaknesses of the Board and making any changes to the composition of the Board as required.

45. The Board should state in the annual report how performance evaluation of the Board, its committees and its individual Directors has been conducted.

173

MKT/