 have enough time available to devote to the job. This is particularly important in the case of chairmanships.

25. All Directors should be submitted for re-appointment at regular intervals, subject to continued satisfactory performance. The Board should ensure planned and progressive refreshing of the Board to ensure the on-going effectiveness of the Board, particularly the objectivity of the decision making by the Board and maintaining the skills and expertise as relevant to the Reporting Entity’s business.

26. All Directors should be subject to election by shareholders at the first annual general meeting after their appointment, and to re-election thereafter at intervals of no more than three years. The Board should satisfy itself that there is adequate succession planning in respect of Board membership and the Senior Management, so as to ensure an orderly and smooth change-over of positions whilst maintaining an appropriate balance of skills and experience within the Reporting Entity and on the Board.

Chairman

27.

For the appointment of a chairman, there should be a job specification, and an objective assessment against the relevant criteria including an assessment of the time commitment expected, recognising the need for availability in the event of crises. Generally, the nomination committee should undertake this function. A chairman’s other significant commitments should be disclosed to the Board before appointment and included in the annual report. Changes to such commitments should be reported to the Board as they arise, and their impact explained in the next annual report.

28. The chairman should ensure that new Directors receive an appropriate induction on joining the Board. The chairman should ensure that the Directors continually update their skills and their knowledge and familiarity with the Reporting Entity required in fulfilling their role both on the Board and its committees. All Directors should have appropriate knowledge of the Reporting Entity and should be provided with adequate access to its operations and staff to carry out their respective responsibilities.

29. The Reporting Entity should provide the necessary resources for developing and updating its Directors’ knowledge and capabilities. The chairman should regularly review and agree with each Director their training and development needs.

Executive and non-executive directors

30. The Board should include a balance of executive and non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors). No individual or small group of individuals should be able to dominate the Board’s decision making. At least one third of the Board should comprise non-executive Directors, of which at least two non-executive Directors should be independent.

31. The Board should consider a non-executive Director to be “independent” if that Director meets, upon an assessment, objective criteria of independence set by the Board. Such independence criteria should encompass independence in character and judgement of the individual by having no commercial or other relationships or circumstances which are likely to affect or could appear to impair his judgement in a manner other than in the best interests of the Reporting Entity. In making the assessment of independence against such criteria, the Board should consider matters such as whether the person: has already served as a member of the Board for a significant period;

171

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

b.

has been an Employee of the Reporting Entity or a member of the Group within the last five years;

c.

has or has had, within the last three years, a material business relationship with the Reporting Entity, either directly or as a partner, shareholder, Director or senior Employee of another body that has such a relationship with the Reporting Entity;

d.

receives or has received, in the last three years additional remuneration or payments from the Reporting Entity apart from a Director’s fee, or participates in the Reporting Entity’s share option, or a performance-related pay scheme, or is a member of the Reporting Entity’s pension scheme;

e.

is or has been a Director, partner or employee of a firm which is the Reporting Entity’s external auditor;

f.

has close family ties with any of the Reporting Entity’s advisors, Directors or senior Employees;

g.

holds cross Directorships or has significant links with other Directors through involvement in other companies or bodies; or

h.

represents a significant shareholder.

32. The terms and conditions of appointment of non-executive Directors should be made available for inspection by any person at the Reporting Entity’s registered office during normal business hours. The letter of appointment should set out the expected time commitment. Non-executive Directors should undertake that they will have sufficient time to meet what is expected of them. Their other significant commitments should be disclosed to the Board before appointment, with a broad indication of the time involved