 other key control functionaries such as the risk or compliance officers and auditors, to ensure that the independence and objectivity of the decision making by such control functionaries is not compromised or impaired by their remuneration structure. An important consideration that should be taken into account in setting remuneration of key control functionaries of the Reporting Entity is that their remuneration is not substantially linked to the profits generated by business or trading units whose activities are subject to monitoring and oversight by those functionaries.

remuneration committee should have delegated

responsibility

72. The mandate, composition and working procedures of the remuneration committee should be well defined. The remuneration committee should make available on the website of the Reporting Entity its written terms of reference explaining its role and the authority delegated to it by the Board.

73. The remuneration committee should also be responsible for appointing any external consultants in respect of executive Directors’ remuneration. Where external consultants are appointed, a statement should be made available of whether they have any other connection with the Reporting Entity.

74. The Board itself, or where required by the articles of association or other constituent documents, the shareholders, should determine the remuneration of the non-executive Directors.

75. The annual report of the Reporting Entity should contain sufficient information relating to the overall remuneration policy and strategy of the Reporting Entity to demonstrate that the remuneration, particularly of the executive Directors and Senior Management to properly link rewards to corporate and individual performance and outcomes, and to ensure that any performance-based remuneration granted is structured in such a way so as to not induce inappropriate risk taking by such individuals.

177

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

APP 5 LIST OF EXEMPT OFFERORS

A5.1 List of exempt offerors

A5.1.1 The following entities are Exempt Offerors:

(a)

Properly constituted governments, government agencies, central banks or other national monetary authorities of the following countries or jurisdictions:

(i)

Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) member countries;

(ii)

member countries of the Gulf Co-operation Council (GCC); or

(iii)

the Emirate of Dubai.

(b)

The International Monetary Fund, the World Bank, the International Finance Corporation and the Islamic Development Bank.

(c)

A Special Purpose Vehicle used by an entity referred to in (a) or (b) to issue Securities.

(d)

Any other country, jurisdiction or supranational organisation, or any Special Purpose Vehicle used by a country, jurisdiction or supranational organisation to issue Securities, that may be approved as an Exempt Offeror by the DFSA for the purpose of that offer.

178

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

APP 6 CONTINUING OBLIGATIONS – SECURITY SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

A6.1 Continuing obligations – Market disclosures for listed entities

A.6.1.1 This table forms part of Rule 9.7.8.

A.6.1.2 A Listed Entity must, on the occurrence of an event specified in column 1, make the required disclosure detailed in column 2, within the

time specified in column 3, in respect of the Securities identified with a “” in column 4, of this Table.

A6.1.1

EVENT GIVING RISE TO DISCLOSURE OBLIGATION

DISCLOSURE REQUIRED

TIME OF DISCLOSURE

P r o d u c t s

S

t r u c t u r e d

S h a r e s

S h a r e s

W a r r a n t s

o v e r

D e b e n t u r e s

W a r r a n t s

o v e r

D e b e n t u r e s

Certificates

S h a r e s

D e b e n t u r e s

GENERAL 1.

Any closure of the Listed Entity’s register of

security holders.

2.

Any meeting of holders of Securities.

3.

The final timetable for any proposed action affecting the rights of existing holders of its Listed Securities.

4.

All proposed drawings to effect partial

Market disclosure of the closure. Market disclosure of notice

Market