 change in the manner in which the management fees payable by the Listed Fund are calculated;

(f)

any changes in the trustee, custodian or prime broker(s), Investment Manager, Advisor, Fund Administrator or auditor;

(g)

any changes in the control of the trustee, custodian or prime broker(s), Investment Manager or Advisor;

(h)

any change in the tax status of the Listed Fund;

(i)

any suspension in the calculation of net asset value or of redemptions; or

(j)

details of any repurchase, drawing or redemption by the Listed Fund or any of its subsidiaries of the Listed Fund’s Listed Securities, unless the purchases are made pursuant to the requirements in the Listing Rules on purchase of own Shares.

Admission to listing or trading of the same class of Units on a Regulated Exchange.

DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT

Market disclosure of all the relevant details relating to the admission to listing or trading.

163

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

APP3

TIME OF DISCLOSURE

As soon as possible.

MKT/VER24/03-25

EVENT GIVING RISE TO DISCLOSURE

DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT

4.4

4.5

4.6

Any other disclosure required to be made pursuant to the requirements in the Regulated Exchange arising from the listing or trading of the same class of Units on that exchange where such disclosure is not made in the DIFC. Any change of the Trustee, custodian or depositary in relation to the Listed Fund. Proposed and new issues of Units.

Market disclosure of the information required to be disclosed to the Regulated Exchange.

Market disclosure of the details relating to the new Trustee, custodian or depository and any implication/effect of this change. Market disclosure of the class, number, date of issue, and consideration received for the issue of the Units and details of changes in the capital.

5. DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS

5.1

5.2

The requirement to file a report of interests held by a Connected Person pursuant to Article 42(1). The requirement to give a notice of a Director’s material interests pursuant to Article 43 of the Law.

Market disclosure of the information set out in Rule 6.6.3.

Market disclosure of the information set out in Rule 6.7.3(3).

6. FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE LISTED FUND

6.1

The preparation and approval of the financial reports.

Market disclosure of the annual and interim financial report prepared in accordance with the requirement in Rule 5.1.2 (which requires the preparation of such financial reports relating to Listed Funds in accordance with the requirements in the Collective Investment Law 2010 and the CIR Rules in the case of a Listed Fund which is a Domestic Fund and in the case of a Foreign Fund, in accordance with the applicable financial reporting requirements in the jurisdiction of incorporation or domicile of the Foreign Fund.

164

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

APP3

TIME OF DISCLOSURE As soon as such disclosure is made on the Regulated Exchange. As soon as possible. As soon as possible.

As soon as possible. As soon as possible.

In the case of a Domestic Fund in accordance with CIR 9.4.2 and in the case a Foreign of Fund the earlier the period of under allowed CIR 9.4.2 or the period filing for under the home

MKT/VER24/03-25

EVENT GIVING RISE TO DISCLOSURE

DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT

6.2

Any change to the accounting reference date.

Market disclosure of the previous and new accounting reference date, and reasons for the change.

7. MATTERS RELATING TO THE CAPITAL OF THE LISTED FUND

7.1

Any proposed new issue of Units.

Market disclosure of the class, number and proposed date of the proposed issue.

7.2

Results of the new issue.

Market disclosure of the results of the issue including total consideration received.

8. TRANSFER SCHEME/WINDING UP OF THE LISTED FUND

8.1

In the case of a transfer scheme or winding up of a Listed Fund:

Market disclosure of the:

(a)

the passing of any resolution by the Listed Fund or any members of the Listed Fund that it be wound up by way of members'