 make use of its website or any other channels of communication as appropriate to disseminate relevant information. Principle 6 –Position and prospects

Rule 3.2.8 “The Board must ensure that the Reporting Entity’s financial and other reports present an accurate, balanced and understandable assessment of the Reporting Entity’s financial position and prospects by ensuring that there are effective internal risk control and reporting requirements.”

61. The Board’s responsibility to present a true, balanced and understandable assessment of its financial position and prospects should extend to interim and other price-sensitive public reports and reports to regulators as well as to information required to be presented by law.

62. The Directors should explain in the annual financial report their responsibility for preparing that report and accounts, and there should be a statement by the auditor about their reporting responsibilities.

63. The Directors should include in the annual report an explanation of the basis on which the Reporting Entity generates or preserves value over the longer term (the business model) and the strategy for delivering the objectives of the Reporting Entity.

64. The Directors should report in annual and half yearly financial statements that the business is a going concern, with supporting assumptions or qualifications as necessary.

Principle 7 – Remuneration

Rule 3.2.9 “The Board must ensure that the Reporting Entity has remuneration structures and strategies that are well aligned with the long-term interests of the entity.”

Directors’ remuneration

65. Levels of remuneration of Directors should be sufficient to attract and retain Directors of appropriate quality, taking into account the nature, scale and complexity of the business of the Reporting Entity, and to provide effective direction and leadership to the Reporting Entity in managing its business and affairs successfully. In doing so, the Reporting Entity should avoid paying more than is necessary for this purpose.

66. The performance-related elements of remuneration should form an appropriate proportion of the total remuneration package of executive Directors and should be designed to promote the long term interests and viability of the Reporting Entity, to align their interests with those of shareholders and other key stakeholders and to give these Directors appropriate incentives to perform at the highest levels.

176

MKT/VER24/03-25

MARKETS RULES (MKT)

67. Levels of remuneration for non-executive Directors should reflect the time commitment and responsibilities of their respective roles and the objectivity of judgement in their decision making required by them. In considering whether to grant share options to non- executive Directors, a Reporting Entity should consider whether the granting of the share options will impair the objectivity or independence of the non-executive Directors’ decision making.

68. Generally, where non-executive Directors’ remuneration include share options, rights resulting from the exercise of share options should be subject to appropriate retention and vesting periods, generally until at least one year after the non-executive Director leaves the Board.

69. There should be a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on executive remuneration and for fixing remuneration packages of individual Directors. No Director should decide his own remuneration, and ideally, all Directors’ remuneration should be subject to recommendations of the remuneration committee if one exists, and otherwise upon the advice of an external consultant. Remuneration committee

70. The Board should establish and maintain a remuneration committee to assess the remuneration of Directors (including the chairman). The remuneration committee should comprise at least three members, with a majority of those members being independent non-executive Directors. The chair of the committee should be an independent non- executive Director. In addition, the chairman of the Board may also be a member but not the chair of the committee.

71. The

for setting remuneration for all executive Directors and the chairman. The committee should also recommend and monitor the level and structure of remuneration for the Senior Management and other key control functionaries such as the risk or compliance officers and auditors, to ensure that the independence and objectivity of the decision making by such control functionaries is not compromised or impaired by their remuneration structure. An important consideration that should be taken into account in setting remuneration of key control functionaries of the Reporting Entity is that their remuneration is not substantially linked to the profits generated by business or trading units whose activities are subject to monitoring and oversight by those functionaries.

remuneration committee should have delegated

responsibility

72. The mandate, composition and working procedures