 effected if the contractual arrangements and the transfer of risk are legally effective and enforceable in all relevant jurisdictions and either the relevant reinsurer is solvent or the Captive Insurer has the benefit of legally effective collateral having a value equal to or greater than the amount of the expected receivable.

30

CIB VER06.290725

7

ACTUARIAL REPORTING

7.1

Introduction

7.1.1 A Captive Insurer that conducts Long-Term Insurance Business must prepare a written

report as provided for in this Chapter on at least an annual basis.

7.1.2 A Captive Insurer that conducts General Insurance Business must:

(a)

consider, on an annual basis, the need to prepare a written report as provided for in this Chapter; and

(b)

prepare a written report as provided for in this Chapter at least once every three years.

7.2

Obligations of Captive Insurers conducting General Insurance Business

7.2.1 Subject to Rule 7.2.2, this Rule applies to Captive Insurers conducting General Insurance

Business.

7.2.2 Where a Captive Insurer attributes General Insurance Business to a Long-Term Insurance Fund in accordance with Rule 8.2.2(2), this Rule does not apply to that business.

7.2.3 Every Captive Insurer must provide to the Regulator as at each reporting date a written report relating to its General Insurance Business, prepared by an Actuary who has the qualifications set out in Rule 7.6. This report must provide details in respect of each Class of Business, of:

(a)

significant aspects of the recent experience of the Captive Insurer;

(b)

the Actuary's estimate of the value of General Insurance Liabilities and of assets arising in respect of those liabilities, determined in accordance with Chapter 6;

(c)

where there has been a change in the assumptions or in valuation method from that adopted at the previous valuation, the effect of these changes on the General Insurance Liabilities and assets arising in respect of those liabilities, as at the reporting date;

(d)

the adequacy and appropriateness of data made available to the Actuary by the Captive Insurer;

(e)

procedures undertaken by the Actuary to assess the reliability of the data;

(f)

the model or models used by the Actuary;

(g)

the assumptions used by the Actuary in the valuation process including, without limitation, assumptions made as to inflation and discount rates, future expense rates and where relevant, future investment income;

(h)

the approach taken to estimate the variability of the estimate; and

31

CIB VER06.290725

(i)

the nature and findings of sensitivity analyses undertaken.

7.3

Obligations of Captive Insurers conducting Long-Term Insurance Business

7.3.1 This Rule applies to Captive Insurers conducting Long-Term Insurance Business.

7.3.2 Every Captive Insurer must arrange for an actuarial investigation to be made into its financial condition in respect of its Long-Term Insurance Business. Such investigation must include a determination of the liabilities of the Captive Insurer attributable to its Long-Term Insurance Business and an investigation of the assets and liabilities of every Long-Term Insurance Fund maintained or deemed to be maintained by it (including a determination of surplus in each such fund).

7.3.3 An investigation of the type set out in Rule 7.3.2 must be performed at the end of every

annual reporting period of the Captive Insurer.

7.3.4 An actuarial investigation under this Rule must be performed by an Actuary who has the qualifications set out in Rule 7.6, and must be conducted according to principles approved by the Regulator.

7.3.5 When a Captive Insurer arranges for an actuarial investigation under this Rule, the Captive Insurer must provide to the Regulator a written report of the investigation prepared by the Actuary conducting the actuarial investigation. Such report must be prepared no later than four months from the date of the actuarial investigation and must be submitted to the Regulator in accordance with Rule 7.4.2.

7.3.6 This report must provide details of, in respect of each Class of Business:

(a)

the product range (including details of any significant changes in products during