6.3 For the purposes of Rule 6.6.2, examples of readily available close out prices include exchange prices, screen prices, or quotes from several independent reputable brokers.

6.6.4 When marking to market, a Captive Insurer must use the more prudent side of bid/offer.

25

CIB VER06.290725

6.7

General requirements: independent price verification

6.7.1 A Captive Insurer must perform independent price verification. This is the process by inputs are regularly verified for accuracy and

which market prices or model independence.

6.7.2 For independent price verification, where independent pricing sources are not available or pricing sources are more subjective (for example, only one available broker quote), prudent measures such as valuation adjustments may be appropriate.

6.8

General requirements: valuation adjustments

6.8.1 A Captive Insurer must establish and maintain procedures for considering valuation reserves. These procedures must be compliant with the requirements set out in this Rule.

6.8.2 A Captive Insurer using third party valuations, or marking to model, must consider

whether valuation reserves are necessary.

6.8.3 A Captive Insurer must consider the need for establishing reserves for less liquid positions and, on an on-going basis, review their continued appropriateness in accordance with the requirements set out in this Rule. Less liquid positions could arise from both market events and institution-related situations e.g. concentration positions and/or stale positions.

6.9

Recognition and measurement of Insurance Liabilities and establishment of technical provisions

6.9.1 A Captive Insurer must establish technical provisions in respect of all of its insurance and reinsurance obligations to policyholders and beneficiaries of insurance and contracts of reinsurance.

6.9.2 The value of technical provisions established by a Captive Insurer must:

(a)

correspond to the current amount the Captive Insurer would have to pay if it were to transfer its insurance and reinsurance obligations immediately to another entity; and

(b)

except where the alternative approach is permitted in accordance with Rule 6.9.10, be equal to the sum of a best estimate and a risk margin.

6.9.3 A Captive Insurer must calculate its technical provisions:

(a)

making use of, and consistent with, information provided by the financial markets and generally available data on underwriting risks;

(b)

in a prudent, reliable and objective manner;

(c)

taking account of all expenses that will be incurred in servicing the obligations arising under the Captive Insurer's insurance and contracts of reinsurance;

26

CIB VER06.290725

(d)

taking account of inflation, including expenses and claims inflation in respect of the obligations arising under the Captive Insurer's insurance and contracts of reinsurance;

(e)

taking account of all payments to policyholders and beneficiaries, including future discretionary bonuses (if any), which the Captive Insurer expects to make, whether or not those payments are contractually guaranteed;

(f)

taking account of the value of financial guarantees and any contractual options included in the Captive Insurer's insurance and reinsurance policies; and

(g)

applying assumptions relating to the likelihood that policyholders will exercise contractual options, including lapses and surrenders, that are realistic and based on current and credible information and which take account, either explicitly or implicitly, of the impact that future changes in financial and non-financial conditions may have on the exercise of those options.

6.9.4 The best estimate calculated by a Captive Insurer must correspond to the probability- weighted average of future cash-flows under the Captive Insurer's insurance and contracts of reinsurance, taking account of the time value of money using the relevant discount rate applying pursuant to Rule 6.12.

6.9.5 A Captive Insurer must calculate the best estimate:

(a)

based upon up-to-date and credible information and realistic assumptions and using adequate, applicable and relevant actuarial and statistical methods;

(b)

taking account of all the cash in- and out-flows required to settle the obligations arising under the Insurer's insurance and contracts of reinsurance; and

(c)

gross, without deduction of the amounts recoverable from contracts of reinsurance entered into by the Captive Insurer as Cedant.

6.9.6 A Captive Insurer must calculate the risk margin so as to ensure that