 expected future receipts, that asset must be measured as the net present value of those expected future receipts.

6.11 Recognition and measurement of assets and incurred liabilities in respect of Long-

Term Insurance

6.11.1 This Rule applies to assets and liabilities in respect of Long-Term Insurance contracts.

6.11.2 Premiums in respect of contracts of reinsurance entered into by a Captive Insurer as insurer must be treated as receivable from the date on which they are due and receivable.

28

CIB VER06.290725

6.11.3 Premiums in respect of contracts of reinsurance entered into by a Captive Insurer as

Cedant must be treated as payable from the date on which they are due and payable.

6.11.4 Acquisition costs incurred in respect of Contracts of Insurance entered into by a Captive

Insurer must be treated as payable:

(a)

in the case of expenses directly related to the premiums in respect of the contract, at the same time as the premium is treated as receivable; and

(b)

in the case of expenses not directly related to the premiums in respect of the contract, at the time the contract is effected.

6.11.5 A Captive Insurer must treat as a liability the amount of Policy Benefits that are due for

payment on or before the Solvency Reference Date.

6.11.6 A Captive Insurer may treat as an asset the value of reinsurance receivables and other

recoveries expected to be received in respect of claims.

6.11.7 Where this Rule requires a Captive Insurer to recognise as an asset the value of expected future receipts, that asset must be measured as the net present value of those expected future receipts.

6.12 Discount rates

6.12.1 The Regulator may specify actuarial principles to be used by a Captive Insurer in

determining the discount rate.

6.12.2 For the purposes of determining the net present value of expected future payments in accordance with Rule 6.10 or 6.11, a Captive Insurer must use as a discount rate the gross redemption yield of a portfolio of sovereign risk securities which:

(a)

are AAA-rated by Standard & Poor's (or the equivalent by another Approved Rating Agency); and

(b)

have a similar expected payment profile to the liability being measured.

6.12.3 For the purposes of determining the net present value of expected future receipts in accordance with Rule 6.10.8, a Captive Insurer must use as a discount rate the gross redemption yield of a portfolio of sovereign risk securities which:

(a)

are AAA-rated by Standard & Poor's (or the equivalent by another Approved Rating Agency); and

(b)

have a similar expected payment profile to the liability being measured.

6.12.4 PIN 4.1.4 applies in respect of determination of ratings for the purposes of Rules 6.12.2

and 6.12.3.

29

CIB VER06.290725

6.13

Transfer of risk by a Captive Insurer to an ISPV

6.13.1 A Captive Insurer may not:

(a)

treat amounts recoverable from an ISPV as:

(a)

an asset; or

(b)

reinsurance for the purposes of calculating its liabilities under Contracts of Insurance it has effected; or

(b)

otherwise ascribe a value to such amounts,

unless it has first obtained a waiver from the Regulator.

6.14 Recognition of reinsurance receivables

A Captive Insurer may only treat an expected receivable under a reinsurance contract in relation to which it is a Cedant as an asset or take account of it for the purposes of calculating its liabilities under Contracts of Insurance it has effected if the contractual arrangements and the transfer of risk are legally effective and enforceable in all relevant jurisdictions and either the relevant reinsurer is solvent or the Captive Insurer has the benefit of legally effective collateral having a value equal to or greater than the amount of the expected receivable.

30

CIB VER06.290725

7

ACTUARIAL REPORTING

7.1

Introduction

7.1.1 A Captive Insurer that conducts Long-Term Insurance Business must prepare a written

report as provided for in this Chapter on at least an annual basis.

7.