, each time a Global Return is completed as provided in Rule 2.3.5(3)(b), separately complete a Cell Return in respect of each Captive Cell that it maintains. A Cell Return includes all of the assets, liabilities, equity, revenues and expenses attributable to the Captive Cell, regardless of the residency status or location of the customer or of any asset or liability. A Captive Insurer that is a Cell Company is not required to complete a Cell Return each time a quarterly Regulatory Return is completed in respect of any Cell maintained by it that is a Class 1 Captive Cell unless required by the Regulator to do so.

(5)

Except as provided otherwise in this Chapter, a Captive Insurer that maintains any Long-Term Insurance Fund must complete a Fund Return in respect of each Long-Term Insurance Fund that it maintains. A Fund Return includes all of the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses attributable to the Fund, regardless of the residency status or location of the customer or of any asset or liability. A Captive Insurer to which this Rule applies is not required to complete a Fund Return in the following cases:

(a)

where the Captive Insurer is deemed to constitute a single, Long-Term Insurance Fund, such that the information contained in the Fund Return would be identical to that in the Global Return; and

(b)

where, in the case of a Captive Insurer which is a Cell Company, a Captive Cell of the Captive Insurer is deemed to constitute a single, Long-Term Insurance Fund, such that the information contained in the Fund Return would be identical to that in the Cell Return.

2.3.6 Content of Regulatory Returns

(1)

The annual Regulatory Return comprises the prudential reporting forms specified by the Regulator, together with any Supplementary Notes pertaining to those forms specified in these Rules or by the Regulator and the Statement by Directors referred to in Rule 2.3.10.

8

CIB VER06.290725

(2)

Items must be disclosed in the Regulatory Returns in accordance with the instructional guidelines and the prudential reporting systems specified by the Regulator, subject to the effects of other provisions of this Chapter.

(3)

Where an item is described in a Regulatory Return as the result of a mathematical calculation, that mathematical calculation must be used to determine that item except where these Rules or the relevant instructional guidelines require otherwise.

2.3.7 Submission of Regulatory Returns to the Regulator

(1)

A Captive Insurer must submit its annual Regulatory Return in writing to the Regulator within four months of the Captive Insurer's reporting date.

(2)

A Captive Insurer must prepare and submit its annual Regulatory Return in the following manner:

(a)

the annual Regulatory Return must be submitted to the Regulator using EPRS:

(i)

in accordance with any instructions set out in the notice and any instructions provided through such a system or specified in this Chapter; and

(ii)

within four months of the Captive Insurer's reporting date;

(b)

the Statement by Directors need not be submitted to the Regulator, but must be signed and a copy maintained in accordance with Rules 2.3.7(3) and 2.3.7(4); and

(c)

the Global Return for a Branch must be submitted in the manner provided in Rule 2.3.7(1).

(3)

The Statement by Directors forming part of the annual Regulatory Return must be signed before the time of submission by:

(a)

the Senior Executive Officer; and

(b)

a Director of the Captive Insurer not being the Senior Executive Officer.

(4)

An original signed hard copy of the Statement by Directors, together with a copy of the annual Regulatory Return submitted to the Regulator using EPRS, must be kept for at least six years for inspection by the Regulator.

(5)

The Auditor's report on the annual Regulatory Return and any actuarial report prepared as at the reporting date must be submitted in writing by the Captive Insurer to the Regulator within four months of the Captive Insurer's reporting date.

(6)

An Auditor's report or an actuarial report submitted to the Regulator must be signed by the Auditor or the Actuary preparing that report.

9

CIB VER06.290725

(7)

Subject to Rule 2.3.7(8