ments in Subsidiaries and Associates;

(b)

intangible assets; and

(c)

any other asset that the Regulator has directed the Captive Insurer to include under Rule 3.1.2(2)(b).

4.6

Premium risk component for a Captive Cell

4.6.1 The premium risk component for a Captive Cell carrying out Contracts of Insurance as a Class 1, Class 2, Class 3 or Class 4 Captive Insurer is the amount calculated in accordance with the following formula:

18% × Captive Cell's Net Written Premium up to $5 million

PLUS

16% × Captive Cell's Net Written Premium in excess of $5 million

4.7

Technical provision risk component – Captive Cells conducting General Insurance Business

4.7.1 The technical provision risk component for a Captive Cell carrying out Contracts of Insurance as a Class 1, Class 2, Class 3 or Class 4 Captive Insurer that conducts General Insurance Business is the amount calculated in accordance with the following formula:

5% × net claims reserve under general Contracts of Insurance

where net claims reserve, as at a date, is the amount of the Captive Insurer's provisions for:

i.

claims incurred but not yet paid as at the date, including claims incurred but not yet reported; and

21

CIB VER06.290725

ii.

direct and indirect claims settlement expenses for those claims,

less the amount of reinsurance and other recoveries expected to be received in respect of those claims.

4.7.2 Notwithstanding Rule 4.7.1, the Regulator may, by written notice, direct a Captive Insurer (whether on application of the Captive Insurer or on the Regulator's own initiative) to include a particular Contract of Insurance or class of Contracts of Insurance in the net claims reserve of a Captive Cell of the Captive Insurer.

4.8

Technical provision risk component – Captive Cells conducting Long-Term Insurance Business

The technical provision risk component for a Captive Cell carrying out Contracts of Insurance as a Class 1, Class 2, Class 3 or Class 4 Captive Insurer that conducts Long- Term Insurance Business is 2.5% of the policyholder liabilities calculated using actuarial methods for Long-Term Insurance.

22

CIB VER06.290725

5

MANAGERIAL FUNCTIONS

5.1 Management systems and controls

The provisions relating to the management systems and controls with which a Captive Insurer must comply are set out in GEN 3.

5.2

Outsourcing

A Captive Insurer may outsource its managerial functions to a Captive Insurance Manager (but not any other party), subject to the requirements of GEN 3.3.

23

CIB VER06.290725

6

VALUATION OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

6.1

General provisions

6.1.1 Subject to Rules 6.1.2, 6.1.3, and 6.1.4, a Captive Insurer must value its assets and

liabilities in accordance with this Chapter.

6.1.2 A Captive Insurer may value an asset at less than the value measured in accordance with

this Chapter.

6.1.3 A Captive Insurer may value a liability at more than the value measured in accordance

with this Chapter.

6.1.4 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Chapter, the Regulator may, by written notice, direct a Captive Insurer to measure an asset or a liability in accordance with principles specified by the Regulator in that written notice.

6.2

Classification of contracts

6.2.1 A Captive Insurer must, in its own records, classify all Contracts of Insurance effected by it as Captive Insurer and all contracts of reinsurance entered into by it as Cedant, according to the Class of Business to which the contracts relate.

6.2.2 Where a contract relates to more than one Class of Business, the Captive Insurer must record separately the portions of the contract that relate to each Class of Business, except that immaterial portions need not be separately recorded.

6.3

Accounting standards and principles

6.3.1 Except where these Rules provide for a different method of