 must, in its own records, classify all Contracts of Insurance effected by it as Captive Insurer and all contracts of reinsurance entered into by it as Cedant, according to the Class of Business to which the contracts relate.

6.2.2 Where a contract relates to more than one Class of Business, the Captive Insurer must record separately the portions of the contract that relate to each Class of Business, except that immaterial portions need not be separately recorded.

6.3

Accounting standards and principles

6.3.1 Except where these Rules provide for a different method of recognition or valuation, whenever a Rule refers to an asset, liability, equity or income statement item, a Captive Insurer must, for the purpose of that Rule, recognise the asset, liability, equity or income statement item and measure its value in accordance with IFRS or any other accounting standards as applicable to the Captive Insurer for the purpose of its external financial reporting.

6.3.2 Rule 6.3.1 applies whenever a Rule refers to the value or amount of an asset, liability,

equity or income statement item, including:

(a)

whether, and when, to recognise or de-recognise an asset or liability;

(b)

the amount at which to value an asset, liability, equity or income statement item; and

(c)

which description to place on an asset, liability, equity or income statement item.

6.4

Adjustments to accounting values

6.4.1 For the purpose of these Rules, except where a Rule provides for a different method of recognition or valuation, when a Captive Insurer, upon initial recognition, designates its liabilities as at fair value through profit or loss, it must always adjust any value calculated

24

CIB VER06.290725

in accordance with Rule 6.3 by subtracting any unrealised gains or adding back in any unrealised losses which are not attributable to changes in a benchmark interest rate.

6.4.2 The provisions of Rule 6.4.1 apply only to the extent that the items referred to in that paragraph would otherwise be recognised under the accounting requirements applicable to the Captive Insurer.

6.5

General requirements: methods of valuation and systems and controls

6.5.1 A Captive Insurer must establish and maintain systems and controls sufficient to provide

prudent and reliable valuation estimates.

6.5.2 Systems and controls under Rule 6.5.1 must include documented policies and procedures for the process of valuation, including clearly defined responsibilities of the various areas involved in the determination of the valuation, sources of market information and a review of their appropriateness, frequency of independent valuation, timing of closing prices, procedures for adjusting valuations, month-end and ad-hoc verification procedures and, where relevant, guidelines for the use of unobservable inputs reflecting a Captive Insurer's assumptions of what market participants would use in pricing the position.

6.6

General requirements: marking to market

6.6.1 Subject to the exceptions set out in this Chapter, Rule 6.6.2 applies in relation to the

valuation of Investments that are, or amounts arising from the disposal of:

(a)

debt securities, bonds and other money-market and capital-market instruments;

(b)

loans;

(c)

shares and other variable yield participations;

(d)

units in Collective Investment Funds;

(e)

Derivatives; and

(f)

any balance sheet position measured at market value or fair value.

6.6.2 Wherever possible, a Captive Insurer must mark-to-market in order to measure the value of the investments and positions to which this Rule applies under Rule 6.6.1. Marking to market is valuation at readily available close out prices from independent sources.

6.6.3 For the purposes of Rule 6.6.2, examples of readily available close out prices include exchange prices, screen prices, or quotes from several independent reputable brokers.

6.6.4 When marking to market, a Captive Insurer must use the more prudent side of bid/offer.

25

CIB VER06.290725

6.7

General requirements: independent price verification

6.7.1 A Captive Insurer must perform independent price verification. This is the process by inputs are regularly verified for accuracy and

which market prices or model independence.

