 A Captive Insurer must calculate the best estimate:

(a)

based upon up-to-date and credible information and realistic assumptions and using adequate, applicable and relevant actuarial and statistical methods;

(b)

taking account of all the cash in- and out-flows required to settle the obligations arising under the Insurer's insurance and contracts of reinsurance; and

(c)

gross, without deduction of the amounts recoverable from contracts of reinsurance entered into by the Captive Insurer as Cedant.

6.9.6 A Captive Insurer must calculate the risk margin so as to ensure that the value of the technical provisions is equivalent to the amount that another entity would be expected to require in order to take over and meet the obligations arising under the Captive Insurer's insurance and contracts of reinsurance.

6.9.7 A Captive Insurer must calculate the best estimate and the risk margin separately.

6.9.8 A Captive Insurer must calculate the risk margin by determining the cost of providing an amount of Adjusted Capital Resources equal to the minimum capital requirement provided for in Rule 2.2 in respect of the obligations under the Captive Insurer's insurance and contracts of reinsurance over the lifetime thereof.

6.9.9 The Regulator may specify the cost of capital that applies under Rule 6.9.8.

6.9.10 Notwithstanding Rule 6.9.7 and Rule 6.9.2(b) where future cash flows associated with obligations under a Captive Insurer's insurance and contracts of reinsurance can be replicated reliably using Financial Instruments for which a reliable market value is

27

CIB VER06.290725

observable, a Captive Insurer must determine the value of technical provisions associated with those future cash flows on the basis of the market value of those Financial Instruments. In this case, separate calculations of the best estimate and the risk margin are not required.

6.9.11 The Regulator may specify actuarial principles to be used by a Captive Insurer in relation to the recognition and measurement of Insurance Liabilities and the establishment of technical provisions.

6.10 Recognition and measurement of insurance assets and incurred liabilities in respect

of General Insurance

6.10.1 This Rule applies to assets and liabilities in respect of general Contracts of Insurance.

6.10.2 Premiums in respect of direct Contracts of Insurance, facultative contracts of reinsurance and non-proportional treaty contracts of reinsurance entered into by a Captive Insurer as insurer must be treated as receivable from the date of entering into the insurance contract.

6.10.3 Premiums in respect of proportional treaty contracts of reinsurance entered into by a Captive Insurer as reinsurer must be treated as receivable in accordance with the pattern of the Cedant entering into the underlying Contracts of Insurance.

6.10.4 Premiums in respect of facultative contracts of reinsurance and non-proportional treaty contracts entered into by a Captive Insurer as Cedant must be treated as payable from the date of entering into the reinsurance contract.

6.10.5 Premiums in respect of proportional treaty contracts of reinsurance entered into by a Captive Insurer as Cedant must be treated as payable in accordance with the pattern of effecting the underlying Contracts of Insurance.

6.10.6 A Captive Insurer must treat as a liability the value of future claims payments and associated direct and indirect settlement costs, arising from insured events that have occurred as at the Solvency Reference Date.

6.10.7 A Captive Insurer may treat as an asset the value of reinsurance receivables and other

recoveries expected to be received in respect of claims.

6.10.8 Where this Rule requires a Captive Insurer to recognise as an asset the value of expected future receipts, that asset must be measured as the net present value of those expected future receipts.

6.11 Recognition and measurement of assets and incurred liabilities in respect of Long-

Term Insurance

6.11.1 This Rule applies to assets and liabilities in respect of Long-Term Insurance contracts.

6.11.2 Premiums in respect of contracts of reinsurance entered into by a Captive Insurer as insurer must be treated as receivable from the date on which they are due and receivable.

28

CIB VER06.290725

6.11.3 Premiums in