, control and report, and appropriately take into account in accordance with Chapter 6.

(2)

A Captive Insurer must invest its assets held to cover the technical provisions in a manner appropriate to the nature and duration of the insurance and/or reinsurance liabilities.

(3)

A Captive Insurer must not invest its assets in a manner that places excessive reliance on any particular asset issuer or group of issuers or geographical area or which results in an excessive accumulation of risk in the portfolio as a whole.

19

CIB VER06.290725

4

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR CELL COMPANIES

4.1

Definitions

For the purpose of Rule 4.1:

(a)

net Cellular Assets of a Captive Cell are the assets attributable to the Captive Cell (other than any deductible assets) less the liabilities attributable to the Captive Cell;

(b)

non-cellular eligible capital of a Captive Insurer that is a Cell Company means the Insurer's eligible capital calculated in accordance with Chapter 3, but excluding:

(a)

Cell Shares; and

(b)

any capital instruments or equity reserves that are attributable to a Captive Cell; and

(c)

recourse agreement means an agreement under which a Cell is entitled to have recourse to Non-Cellular Assets.

4.2

General requirement

4.2.1 A Captive Insurer that is a Cell Company must at all times hold non-cellular eligible

capital of at least $50,000.

4.2.2 Subject to Rule 4.2.3, if a Captive Cell has recourse to the Non-Cellular Assets of the Cell Company under one or more recourse agreements which have been approved by the Regulator, those Non-Cellular Assets may be included for the purpose of satisfying the requirement in Rule 4.2.1.

4.2.3 The Regulator may, by written notice, direct a Captive Cell to include or exclude Non- Cellular Assets under a recourse agreement for the purpose of satisfying the requirement in Rule 4.2.1.

4.2.4 Pursuant to the power in Rule 2.3.1(2)(a), in the event that a Captive Cell relies on a recourse agreement for the purpose of Rule 4.2.2, the Regulator may (by written notice) require the Captive Insurer to report on its cellular and non-cellular financial resources and capital requirements on an aggregated basis.

4.3

Captive Insurers that are Cell Companies to conduct Insurance Business only through Captive Cells

A Captive Insurer that is a Cell Company must ensure that, when it conducts Captive Insurance Business, each Contract of Insurance is attributable to a particular Captive Cell of the Captive Insurer.

4.4 Minimum solvency criterion

4.4.1 A Captive Cell that is conducting Captive Insurance Business (an active Cell) must meet

the minimum solvency criterion.

20

CIB VER06.290725

4.4.2 An active Cell must comply with Rule 4.4.1 by maintaining the higher of:

(a)

net Cellular Assets of at least $50,000; and

(b)

the risk-based minimum solvency requirement in Rule 4.5.

4.5

Risk-based minimum solvency requirement

4.5.1 The risk-based minimum solvency requirement for a Captive Cell is that the amount of the Captive Cell's net Cellular Assets must be greater than the liabilities attributable to the Captive Cell by at least the greater of:

(a)

the Captive Cell's premium risk component; and

(b)

its technical provision risk component.

4.5.2

In this Rule, deductible assets of a Captive Cell means:

(a)

investments in Subsidiaries and Associates;

(b)

intangible assets; and

(c)

any other asset that the Regulator has directed the Captive Insurer to include under Rule 3.1.2(2)(b).

4.6

Premium risk component for a Captive Cell

4.6.1 The premium risk component for a Captive Cell carrying out Contracts of Insurance as a Class 1, Class 2, Class 3 or Class 4 Captive Insurer is the amount calculated in accordance with the following formula:

18% × Captive Cell's Net