 and cookies, and secure programming techniques should be applied to ensure that only expected data is accepted by the web application.

7.3.28 A financial institution should implement measures (e.g., multi-factor authentication, CAPTCHA15, hidden fields honeypot, image identification, user interaction, etc.) to detect and mitigate tools used by threat actors to target web addresses and parameter values. Such tools enable threat actors to overload a financial institution’s computing resources, extract content for reselling, or even to reverse engineer the website to make customer phishing scams more effective.

7.3.29 Another common attack on internet-facing systems is a ‘Denial-of-Service’ (DoS) attack where a threat actor attempts to make a system unavailable by flooding the intended target with requests thereby overloading the system or preventing the fulfilment of legitimate requests. Motivated threat actors may leverage on multitudes of computer resources to perform a ‘Distributed DoS’ (DDoS) which is significantly harder to mitigate against as blocking a single source would be insufficient.

7.3.30 A financial institution should monitor network traffic to its internet facing systems to detect sudden surges in system resource utilisation and a process in place to activate anti-DoS or anti-DDoS mitigation measures when necessary.

7.3.31 Given the growing scale at which DDoS attacks occur, a financial institution may engage internet service providers or other vendors that provide scalable anti-DDoS services such as content filtering or scrubbing, blackholing, content delivery networks, etc, to deal with the veracity of DDoS attacks. Prior to engagement, the financial institution should perform a comprehensive assessment to evaluate the types of DDoS mitigated, mitigation measures offered, promptness and scale of protection offered, and adequacy of reporting of the potential service provider.

7.3.32 A financial institution should ensure that its online and mobile services are provided through secure and official channels. Mobile applications should be offered for download via official mobile platform stores (e.g., Google Play Store, Apple App Store, etc.), and internet-based financial services should be hosted on domains that are under

15 A Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart (CAPTCHA) is a tool to ascertain if input has not been generated by a computer.

47

VER01.201124

the financial institution’s control and are well-managed for security (e.g., DNSSEC16, TLS certificates, etc.) and availability (e.g., renewal, troubleshooting DNS issues etc.).

7.3.33 Mobile applications developed by the financial institution should adhere to the financial institution’s established framework for system development and testing, and configured to established standards.

7.3.34 A financial institution should ensure that its customer-facing mobile applications are tamper resistant or have appropriate controls in place to restrict transactional activity in the event the customer’s mobile device is compromised.

7.3.35 A financial institution should protect its domain(s) from abuse by threat actors who exploit email protocols to conduct scams. Solutions that enable email authentication (e.g., SPF, DKIM, DMARC17) to mitigate against email spoofing attacks (e.g., business email compromise, spear phishing, domain spoofing, etc.) should be implemented or adopted.

Desired Outcome 7.4 – Securing the Virtual Environment

7.4.1 While securing individual physical assets and the connections they have to the corporate network creates layers of defence against threat actors, the virtual environments in which a financial institution operates in also requires attention and action.

Corporate Virtual Machine and Mobile Environments

7.4.2

Access to the corporate network or to corporate data may take place through corporate issued devices or through non-corporate issued devices that connect to the corporate network through secure channels. Commonly known as ‘Bring-Your-Own-Device’ (BYOD), facilitating non-corporate issued devices access to corporate resources has productivity and cost benefits for a financial institution, but also presents risks as such devices may have varied security postures and will expand the attack surface for threat actors. A financial institution that allows staff, contractors and third parties to use non- corporate issued devices to connect to the corporate network should implement measures to prevent unauthorised access and data loss.

7.4.3

Virtual machines allow financial institutions to quickly provide numerous virtual environments that are accessible from any connected device. A financial institution should establish processes to govern the lifecycle of virtual