ators, regulators and authorities, etc.).

8.2.24 A financial institution should ensure that staff abide by acceptable use policies for the use of data. Staff of a financial institution should ensure that appropriate permissions and access controls are applied for each system used, including collaboration tools that facilitate work on classified data.

8.2.25 A financial institution should ensure that appropriate security controls are applied when transmitting classified data internally or externally. For example, when sending classified data to external parties, secure methods of file transfer should be used to prevent interception and unauthorised access to data by threat actors.

56

VER01.201124

Data Destruction

8.2.26 A financial institution should establish policies and procedures to govern the safe, secure and timely destruction of its data both internally as well as relevant data in possession of its third parties.

8.2.27 A financial institution should maintain a record of data destroyed and ensure that its asset inventory is updated in a timely manner when data and its associated storage media is destroyed.

Desired Outcome 8.3 – Handling Data with Regulatory Obligations

8.3.1

A financial institution should be mindful of datasets that come with regulatory obligations (e.g., statutory record-keeping, personal data, etc.) and design acquisition mechanisms to be built with compliance from the onset.

8.3.2

A financial institution should be able to quickly locate and manage data that fall under regulatory obligations.

8.3.3

A financial institution should implement controls that would enable compliance with regulatory obligations (e.g., time-bound data retention, etc).

8.3.4

Financial institutions should be clear of their reporting obligations when a risk event impacts data that have regulatory obligations and report to the relevant authorities in a timely manner e.g., data breach incident involving personal data.

57

VER01.201124

Chapter 9 – Resilience

Desired Outcomes for Resilience

Desired Outcome 9.1 – Availability Architecture: A financial institution should architect its systems, networks, and data to meet its availability objectives.

Desired Outcome 9.2 – Continuity Planning: A financial institution should have business continuity plans in place to minimise the impact of disruptions on its ability to deliver financial services.

Desired Outcome 9.3 – Recovery Planning and Testing: A financial institution should recover from disruptions promptly and safely.

Desired Outcome 9.1 – Availability Architecture

9.1.1

A financial institution should establish availability objectives for its operations and services to customers. This can be derived from service level expectations the financial institution commits to customers or from regulatory requirements on the provision of regulated financial activities.

9.1.2

A financial institution should regularly conduct reviews of its systems, networks, and data architecture to identify and remove design weaknesses and single-points-of- failure (SPOF). The review should include a mapping of dependencies within the financial institution’s IT environment as well as dependencies on external parties (e.g., group or related entities, technology vendors, APIs, etc.).

9.1.3

Concentration risk in the technology context can arise from multiple contexts. At the industry level, certain third parties’ products or services may be preferred over others resulting in a concentration of financial institutions relying on a small group or a single third party for products or services. Some financial institutions are part of a group structure with multiple entities globally relying on a single entity in the group for outsourced services. Within a financial institution, concentration risk can arise when all of its systems are provided by a single service provider or located in a single data centre. Akin to the removal of SPOFs, a financial institution should endeavour to reduce the potential for concentration risk or adopt measures to mitigate the risk.

Systems Resilience

9.1.4 While a financial institution may implement various security measures to protect against a range of risk events, architecting its systems, networks and data to achieve high availability is also key to effective IT risk management. Non-malicious risk events, such as product launches that spur a sudden increase in customer visits to online services resulting in slow or overwhelmed servers, can also impact a financial institution’s reputation and require forward planning to prevent recurrence.

9.1.5 When designing its systems, a financial institution should incorporate considerations that optimise utilisation of resources and reduce bottlenecks in performance. Where

58

VER01.201124

high availability is required or for critical