 be securely managed in accordance with the financial institutions policies and procedures for key lifecycle management.

15.2.15 Financial institutions should ensure that seed phrases54 are stored securely with

adequate backup copies of the seed phrases in secure locations.

15.2.16 Where a financial institution engages a third party for digital wallet services, adequate due diligence on the third party should be performed prior to engagement, and ongoing oversight over the performance of the service should be maintained by the financial institution. The financial institution should have clarity on its responsibilities in managing the digital assets and the extent of control it holds with regard to initiating transactions prior to entering into such arrangements.

15.2.17 Financial institutions should ensure that adequate controls are in place to detect and mitigate against wallet attacks that exploit automation, e.g., velocity limits, multi-factor authentication for transfers between wallets, etc.

15.2.18 A financial institution that maintains cold wallets should ensure that they are stored on secure hardware devices assigned to appropriate personnel, regularly backed up, and are accounted for as part of the financial institution’s asset inventory.

54 Seed phrases are a sequence of words that service as a backup to the wallet’s private key. Seed phrases can be used to regain access to digital assets in the event the original wallet is unavailable.

87

VER01.201124

ANNEX A: RELATED ADGM RULES, REGULATIONS AND GUIDANCE

A financial institution in the ADGM should be cognisant of applicable rules and guidance. The table below illustrates the landscape of rules and guidance that include IT-related content. These rules and guidance issued by the Relevant ADGM authorities are available at https://en.adgm.thomsonreuters.com/.

Regulations and Rulebooks containing IT-related content

ADGM Regulations

FSRA Rules (Activity-agnostic)

FSRA Rules (Activity-focused)

FSRA Guidance (Thematic)

Data Protection Regulations 2021 • Electronic Transactions Regulations 2021

General Rulebook (GEN) • Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions Rules and Guidance (AML)

Conduct of Business Rulebook (COBS) • Prudential – Investment, Insurance Intermediation and Banking Rules (PRU) • Prudential – Insurance Business (PIN) • Market Infrastructure Rulebook (MIR) Activity/Topical-Focused • Digital Securities • Digital Investment Management (“Robo-advisory”) • Private Financing Platforms and Multilateral Trading Facilities dealing with Private Capital Markets

Conduct of Business Rulebook (COBS) • Prudential – Investment, Insurance Intermediation and Banking Rules (PRU) • Prudential – Insurance Business (PIN) • Market Infrastructure Rulebook (MIR) Activity/Topical-Focused • Digital Securities • Digital Investment Management (“Robo-advisory”) • Private Financing Platforms and Multilateral Trading Facilities dealing with Private Capital Markets

Technology-Focused (Activity-agnostic) • Application Programming Interfaces

(APIs)

Enabling Technologies

Virtual Assets • Governance Principles and Practices to Mitigate Cyber Threats and Crime

(Joint-issuance with CBUAE, SCA, and DFSA)

FSRA Guidance (Activity-agnostic)

Information Technology Risk Management Guidance

88