1 – Standardising the Operating Environment: A financial institution should maintain an up-to-date library of standardised configurations that all hardware and software comply with.

Desired Outcome 7.2 – Securing the Physical Environment: A financial institution should ensure that all physical assets connecting to its networks are secured to prevent unauthorised access and data loss.

Desired Outcome 7.3 – Securing Connections: A financial institution should ensure that its networks and connections are protected from unauthorised access, resilient against exploitation or disruption, and data is transmitted securely.

Desired Outcome 7.4 – Securing the Virtual Environment: A financial institution should ensure that the virtual environments it operates in are protected from unauthorised access and data loss.

Desired Outcome 7.5 – Updating the Environment: A financial institution should ensure that its firmware and software are kept up to date in a safe and timely manner.

Desired Outcome 7.1 – Standardising the Operating Environment

7.1.1

All hardware and software require configuration. This can be for setup, functional operations, security settings, connecting to other hardware and/or software, etc. A financial institution should establish procedures to manage configuration activities for all hardware and software to mitigate the risk of misconfiguration that can lead to risk events.

7.1.2

Financial institutions should assess and determine the most suitable methodology for their technology implementation. For example, a common practice is to establish ‘baseline images’ of configurations, which are pre-configured, standardised, updated regularly, and tested version of an operating system or application that can be used as a baseline for deploying new systems or instances. Such images are used to ensure that new systems or instances are consistent and configured correctly, and to streamline the deployment process. Additionally, financial institutions may consider using configuration management tools to perform updates to the images in a controlled and consistent manner.

7.1.3

Financial institutions should maintain an up-to-date library of hardware and software configuration images or templates. In establishing such libraries, financial institutions can consider recommended configuration settings from its hardware and software vendors, hardening standards from established industry bodies, and security configuration best practices from reputable security vendors and certification bodies, etc.

41

VER01.201124

7.1.4

Regular reviews of the configuration images or templates should be performed to ensure that attacks from known threats (e.g., malware, software and hardware vulnerabilities, common cyber criminals’ tactics, techniques and procedures, etc.) are mitigated.

Desired Outcome 7.2 – Securing the Physical Environment

7.2.1

Physical assets are the points of interaction between staff and the virtual environment in which financial services operations are performed. Physical assets can take the shape of laptops or desktop computers, mobile devices such as smartphones or tablets, portable storage devices, printers and scanners, servers, network devices, automated teller machines, internet protocol surveillance cameras, environmental sensors, etc.

7.2.2

Physical assets may contain data or provide access to data that threat actors would be keen to exploit, steal, or corrupt. Hence, securing all physical assets is critical in ensuring that the financial institution’s IT are not easily compromised.

7.2.3

All physical assets should be configured in accordance to established standards and monitored for continued compliance. Regular reviews should be performed on all physical assets to ensure that up to date security configurations are applied.

7.2.4

Endpoint protection solutions (e.g., anti-virus, URL sandboxing, email attachment scanning, web browsing isolation, application whitelisting, anti-keylogging/anti- spyware, endpoint detection and response solutions, etc.) should be deployed on applicable physical assets to strengthen protection against threat actors. Where such solutions require regular updating (e.g., new virus signatures, malware behaviours, etc.), a financial institution should establish a process to perform such updates in a timely manner and validate that such updates would not disrupt the operations of its systems.

7.2.5 Where a system is disrupted by an endpoint protection solution’s operation or update, the financial institution should assess the nature and scale of the disruption to determine if the disruption is systemic or isolated. If removal of the endpoint protection solution is required, the financial institution should take appropriate action to ensure that alternative or other mitigating controls are in place to adequately secure the endpoint.

Data Loss Prevention

7.2.6

A financial institution should develop a comprehensive data loss prevention strategy to protect