 ‘robo-advisors’ for customised financial portfolio management, and more recent developments of generative artificial intelligence models and quantum computing algorithms, the use of algorithms in varying degrees of complexity have brought positive outcomes for the benefit of customers.

14.1.2 As these techniques and systems advance, the underlying algorithms become more complex and, without adequate governance, may reach a state where the output no longer meets the desired objectives or results in unexpected consequences44. Financial institutions that make use of algorithm driven solutions (‘ADS’) should be cognisant of the associated risks and ensure that business operations and services to customers are not compromised by poor control over the ADS used.

14.1.3 A financial institution should establish a governing framework to ensure that all ADS used adhere to clearly defined principles, fall within the established risk management framework and risk appetite for model behaviour, and system development policies. The framework should be reviewed regularly and approved by the financial institution’s senior management and Governing Body. The framework should encapsulate policies and procedures for the development, use, monitoring, maintenance, and cessation of ADS, both internally developed or sourced externally.

14.1.4 The framework should include a materiality classification applicable to ADS assessing for the model’s complexity and impact of an outcome (e.g., customer impact, regulatory breach impact, financial impact, etc.). ADS that are more material should be held to

44 For example, artificial intelligence models may ‘hallucinate’ i.e., generate false or misleading results based on perceived patterns.

80

VER01.201124

higher standards of model design and more stringent controls to prevent model compromise.

14.1.5 The design of the governance framework, the development or acquisition of ADS, and the ongoing management of ADS should be performed by competent staff who have the requisite expertise. Where ADS are involved in supporting business functions, the relevant staff with the business expertise should be involved to ensure the ADS is aligned to achieving the required business objectives.

14.1.6 The governance framework should include assigning accountability for each ADS to an appropriate and responsible senior executive to ensure that the ADS is managed in line with the governance framework.

14.1.7 For each ADS, the financial institution should establish the desired objectives and expected outcomes. The financial institution should have processes and/or tools in place to detect and remediate erroneous or undesirable outcomes generated by the ADS.

14.1.8 A financial institution should ensure that all ADS developed internally adhere to established secure system development practices, are approved by the appropriate level of management, and robust functional and non-functional testing is performed prior to use45. The financial institution should ensure that the ADS model is trained on the appropriate quality and quantity of data to accurately achieve the desired objectives consistently. The financial institution should ensure that any updates to the ADS model are conducted in line with the established system development and testing framework and that the updated ADS model is tested to ensure that it is aligned with the established ADS governance framework.

14.1.9 ADS sourced externally should minimally meet the financial institution’s established governance framework’s requirements. The financial institution should perform adequate due diligence to fully understand the sourced ADS model design to ensure that desired objectives are achieved as advertised. Any updates provided by the sourced ADS’ vendor should be similarly reviewed and tested prior to acceptance and deployment.

14.1.10 Where a financial institution enables its employees to utilise ADS in a manner akin to EUC (e.g., use of publicly accessible ADS online), the financial institution should incorporate into its ADS governance framework acceptable use policies that outline the expectations surrounding the use of ADS in EUC. Such policies should set out the scenarios where use of ADS in EUC is acceptable, scenarios where ADS in EUC should not be used, the handling of data when interacting with ADS, and reporting mechanisms for violations to the policies.

45 For example, financial institutions can refer to the OWASP top 10 for Large Language Model Applications.

81

VER01.201124

Desired Outcome 14.2 – Safe Development and Usage

14.2.1 Where a financial institution develops ADS to serve as a tool for business decisions, the

established governing framework should incorporate the following:

14.2.1.a The financial institution should be able to provide clear explanations on what

data was used by the ADS and the decision process that led to an output46.

14.2.1.b ADS should be designed to maintain decision parameters that are aligned

with