 across different systems and business activities).

8.1.4

A financial institution should ensure that it has appointed competent and responsible staff to manage its data governance policies. The responsibilities of these staff should include overseeing the day-to-day consumption of the dataset and managing the technical aspects relating to data lifecycle management (e.g., security controls for storage, processing, etc.).

its datasets

in line with

8.1.5

A financial institution should put processes in place to ensure that any deviations from the data governance framework are approved by the appropriate level of management and that any necessary actions to mitigate the risks of the deviation have been identified and taken. The financial institution should regularly review approved deviations to ensure that the associated risks are still adequately managed.

Desired Outcome 8.2 – Data Lifecycle Management

8.2.1

A financial institution can collect and generate tremendous volumes of data which are necessary for operations, services, and business decisions. The variety of data

53

VER01.201124

generated and collected include, among other types, customer data (e.g., Know-Your- Customer (KYC) information, etc.), transaction data (e.g., payment information, billing, fees, etc.), corporate data (e.g., internal communications, minutes of meetings, approval documents, payroll information, intellectual property, reporting, etc.), or technical data (e.g., network diagrams, source code documentation, logs, etc.). Some data sets, such as personally identifiable information, are sufficiently sensitive to have regulatory obligations on how it is obtained, processed, stored, and retained. A firm understanding of the data lifecycle will enable financial institutions to effectively and efficiently manage data to achieve its desired outcomes and comply with regulatory obligations.

8.2.2

A financial institution should establish a data lifecycle management framework that sets out the policies and procedures on data management for each stage and the roles and responsibilities of staff when dealing with data at each stage.

Data Generation and Collection

8.2.3

Data can be acquired through various means. Data is generated for various purposes when systems interact with each other or with users. Data is collected when customers or external parties submit information through forms, email or make payments. Data can also be generated through logging of system or user activities. These and other acquisition methods result in structured or unstructured data formats that require different approaches for capture.

8.2.4

A financial institution should have a process in place to identify the various datasets it generates and collects, and assign accountability. For example, identification can take place at suitable junctures such as during system development, upon finalisation of third-party arrangements, or when business units interact with technology teams to design data collection mechanisms.

8.2.5

A financial institution should have a mechanism to inventory its various datasets. Such an inventory should detail the type, form, acquisition channel, who has access to the data, location of data, whether data is held internally or by a third party, and other elements necessary for a financial institution to have oversight of the variety and volume of data it generates and collects.

8.2.6 On a regular basis, a financial institution should review its inventory of datasets to determine if acquired data is still necessary, of adequate quality, unnecessarily duplicated, or can be acquired in more effective or efficient ways.

8.2.7

For all data generated by the financial institution, measures should be put in place to minimise excessive generation of sensitive data. For example, as part of the software development framework, data presented in logs should be designed to minimise the likelihood of unauthorised users inadvertently having access to sensitive data, e.g., customer personal information, payroll data, etc.

54

VER01.201124

8.2.8

Similarly, when collecting or acquiring data, a financial institution should only collect the scope of data necessary to achieve its objectives and minimise where possible any collection of sensitive data e.g., personal data.

Data Processing

8.2.9

Processing of data can take place in structured system processes or through user interaction. It can also vary in purpose such as cleaning and transforming raw data into more accessible or usable data, ingesting data as input for business processes, tokenising data to mask sensitive information, or encrypting data to protect against unauthorised access.

8.2.10 A financial institution should ensure that its system development practices are disciplined to only make use of necessary data to achieve established objectives, and that