 objectives and minimise where possible any collection of sensitive data e.g., personal data.

Data Processing

8.2.9

Processing of data can take place in structured system processes or through user interaction. It can also vary in purpose such as cleaning and transforming raw data into more accessible or usable data, ingesting data as input for business processes, tokenising data to mask sensitive information, or encrypting data to protect against unauthorised access.

8.2.10 A financial institution should ensure that its system development practices are disciplined to only make use of necessary data to achieve established objectives, and that relevant privacy or privilege protections are maintained throughout the development process.

8.2.11 When designing systems for data processing activities, financial institutions should ensure that systems are adequately resourced to meet processing performance requirements and would not result in disruption to business operations or services to customers.

Data Classification

8.2.12 A financial institution should establish policies and procedures to classify all collected, generated, and processed data according to the sensitivity and criticality of each dataset.

8.2.13 Depending on the classification of data, appropriate controls should be implemented in accordance with the sensitivity or criticality of the data. For example, confidential data such as customer personal information should be encrypted in storage, use and in transit, and protected with strong access controls.

8.2.14 A financial institution should regularly review its data classification policies and the assigned classifications to its datasets to ensure that the classification remains relevant and aligned with the financial institution’s risk management framework.

Data Storage and Archival

8.2.15 Data can be stored in a variety of formats, mediums, and states. There are many technologies available to facilitate storage with mechanisms for high availability, low latency, scalability, networked access, security, and energy efficiencies.

8.2.16 A financial institution should establish a system and data storage framework that both meets business needs and contributes fully to its operational resilience. The framework’s policies and procedures should pertain to both operational and backup storage. The framework should prescribe the manner in which various data sets are stored, security controls appropriate for respective data classifications, frequency of

55

VER01.201124

operational and backup storage activities, retention period, archival, and restoration testing procedures.

8.2.17 All storage systems and media should be configured in adherence to established configuration standards and kept up to date to address security vulnerabilities or apply system enhancements.

8.2.18 A financial institution should establish risk-appropriate data storage procedures and (e.g.,

controls development, test, production, etc.) at the system, database, and application levels.

(e.g., encryption, masking, etc.) for

its various environments

8.2.19 Where high availability capabilities are required, a financial institution should ensure that the data storage implementation has capabilities to mitigate against data corruption, or single points of failure.

8.2.20 A financial institution should segregate archived data that is no longer required for ongoing business operations to prevent mixing or mishandling. Archived data may be stored in long-term storage systems (e.g., tape storage, cloud, etc.) for future use (e.g., compliance, audit, investigation, etc.).

8.2.21 A financial institution should conduct and document regular restoration tests to ensure that its data stored in backup is recoverable and that staff are familiar with restoration procedures.

Data Usage, Transfer, and Sharing

8.2.22 Without adequate controls and protections, financial institutions may find data inappropriately traversing between repositories, business functions, or even to external parties, and potentially expose the financial institution to a breach of its regulatory obligations.

8.2.23 A financial institution should establish policies and procedures on the use and transfer of classified data, as well as for the sharing of data with internal and external parties (e.g., data aggregators, regulators and authorities, etc.).

8.2.24 A financial institution should ensure that staff abide by acceptable use policies for the use of data. Staff of a financial institution should ensure that appropriate permissions and access controls are applied for each system used, including collaboration tools that facilitate work on classified data.

8.2.25 A financial institution should ensure that appropriate security controls are applied when transmitting classified data internally or externally. For example, when sending classified data to external parties, secure methods of file transfer should be used to prevent interception and unauthorised access to data by threat actors.

56

