

Desired Outcomes for Compliance and Audit

Desired Outcome 4.1 – Comply: A financial institution should include IT obligations in its compliance programme.

Desired Outcome 4.2 – Audit: A financial institution should include IT controls in its audit programme.

Desired Outcome 4.1 – Comply

4.1.1

Financial institutions should ensure that they are aware of and in compliance with the relevant regulatory expectations and requirements issued by regulators in the jurisdictions they operate in.

4.1.2

As part of its compliance framework, a financial institution should ensure that its IT policies and procedures include controls that are in line and up to date with the relevant regulatory obligations, including IT-related obligations.

4.1.3

A financial institution should ensure its compliance testing programme incorporates checks to validate its compliance with IT-related regulatory obligations.

Desired Outcome 4.2 – Audit

4.2.1

A financial institution should ensure that its audit function can provide the Governing Body and senior management an independent and objective assessment of whether the controls implemented by the financial institution can effectively mitigate IT risks.

4.2.2

The audit function should have the appropriate skills, training and experience to competently conduct assessments relating to IT risks, regardless of whether it is internal, managed by intra-group entities, or outsourced.

4.2.3

The audit programme should include IT risks and encapsulate all IT resources that support business services and functions, including those supported by third parties. In addition to control effectiveness, the audit programme should assess the adequacy of internal frameworks, policies and procedures relating to the management of IT.

4.2.4

The audit plan for IT risk should be approved by the Governing Body’s Audit Committee or equivalent. The audit plan should comprise the auditable areas for each year in line with the financial institution’s audit cycles. The audit cycles should be commensurate to the criticality and risks posed by the financial institution’s systems, interconnections, and dependencies.

4.2.5

A financial institution should establish a process to track, escalate and monitor to resolution all audit findings related to IT.

30

VER01.201124

4.2.6

Financial institutions should incorporate IT into their external audit programs to provide the Governing Body and senior management an additional independent perspective on the financial institution’s management of IT risks.

31

VER01.201124

SECTION B: MANAGING AN IT ENVIRONMENT

Chapter 5 – System Lifecycle Management

Desired Outcomes for System Lifecycle Management

Desired Outcome 5.1 – Project Management Oversight: A financial institution should ensure that IT projects align with its business strategy and adheres to the established risk management framework.

Desired Outcome 5.2 – System Acquisition, Development, and Testing: A financial institution should put in place a robust framework for managing the acquisition, development, and testing of systems.

Desired Outcome 5.3 – System Refresh and Decommissioning: A financial institution should establish processes to manage the safe and secure refresh and decommissioning of its systems.

Desired Outcome 5.1 – Project Management Oversight

5.1.1

A financial institution should establish a project management framework to ensure that IT projects are managed and delivered in a consistent manner that meets project and business objectives and is aligned with the financial institution’s operational risk management framework. The framework should cover the rules, standards, procedures, processes and activities to manage projects from initiation to closure. The framework should also include procedures to identify, assess, treat, and monitor any project risks that may arise during the project.

5.1.2

A financial institution should ensure that staff with the appropriate authority and competence, commensurate with the scale and complexity of the project, are assigned to oversee, manage resources, coordinate between stakeholders, and approve key decisions throughout the project. The financial institution should involve relevant representatives from technical and business functions at appropriate stages of the project to provide direction and feedback to ensure project outcomes are realised in an effective and timely manner.

5.1.3

Prior to commencing the IT project, the financial institution should conduct necessary analysis to determine if there is a business need for the project, adequate funding and resources, and measurable positive outcomes on the potential impact of the system(s) on operations or services. The appropriate level of management should approve the project prior to commencement.

5.1.4

A financial institution