

VER01.201124

12.1.5 A financial institution should disallow network protocols that are used with the intention of obfuscating identity or attribution41 from performing login or high-risk transactions on its online financial services to reduce the likelihood of threat actors exploiting financial services for criminal gains.

12.1.6 Prior to exposing any financial services on third-party mobile communications platform (e.g., voice or messaging mobile application) or via third-party providers (e.g., payment intermediaries), a financial institution should conduct adequate due diligence on the platform prior to integration. Security characteristics of the platform or services should be assessed to ensure that it is secured against threat actors and only requisite data is transmitted. The financial institutions should also perform a risk assessment to determine the scope of financial services that would be suitable for its interaction with customers over such platforms or services.

12.1.7 Where a financial institution utilises third-party mobile communications platform and/or social media platforms to provide financial services, appropriate controls should be in place to adequately authenticate customers prior to onboarding via the platform. Where high-risk transactions are made available via such platforms, a financial institution should implement MFA consistent with the MFA applied to high-risk transactions performed on the financial institution’s online transactional platform.

12.1.8 Where financial services are facilitated through third-party providers, financial institutions should ensure that the onboarding of customers to the third-party provider is aligned with the authentication process for login to the financial institution’s online transactional platforms. The financial institution should ensure that its integrations with the third-party provider include monitoring controls to detect and mitigate fraudulent transactions.

Desired Outcome 12.2 – Fraud Mitigation

12.2.1 While financial institutions implement various security controls to authenticate customers and secure online transactional services, fraudulent transactions still occur as threat actors innovate and develop techniques to work around security controls. For example, social engineering attacks on customers enable threat actors to obtain the necessary information to legitimately access customers’ accounts and conduct fraudulent transactions.

12.2.2 A financial institution should implement systems or mechanisms to detect suspected fraudulent activities on its online transactional services. Such systems or mechanisms login activities, real-time fraud surveillance include detection of suspicious capabilities, transaction pattern deviation analysis, abnormal system activities, etc. The financial institution should notify customers of detected suspected fraudulent activities in a timely manner.

41 Examples of such protocols include The Onion Router (Tor) and the Invisible Internet Project (I2P). These protocols encrypt and transmit communications through a network of servers resulting in the end-recipient being unable to determine the true origin of the communication.

75

VER01.201124

12.2.3 A financial institution should establish processes and procedures to provide customers a means to promptly inform the financial institution of potentially fraudulent activity and to replace compromised credentials.

12.2.4 A financial institution should establish processes and procedures to investigate potentially fraudulent activities that have been detected through its surveillance or reported by customers. Such processes and procedures should include classification of suspected fraudulent activities by severity, technical activities for issue resolution, escalation protocols and reporting, and integration into the financial institution’s incident management framework and business continuity plan where appropriate. The financial institutions should also engage the affected customer(s) to ensure they are apprised of the investigation progress and outcome in a timely manner.

Desired Outcome 12.3 – Customer IT Risk Awareness

12.3.1 Akin to how financial institutions are expected to inform customers of associated risks prior to subscribing to financial products, financial institutions should inform customers of the respective rights, obligations and responsibilities of the customers and the financial institution on all matters relating to online transactions, and of the associated risks with the use of the financial institutions’ online financial services.

12.3.2 Such information should be provided prior to customers’ use of the financial institution’s financial services and then regularly as the customer continues to interact via the online transactional service. The information provided to customers should include prevalent techniques used by threat actors to target customers and mitigating actions that customers can take to avoid becoming a victim of compromise.

12.3.3 When a financial institution updates its online financial service platforms with new interfaces or functionalities, the financial institution should provide its customers with adequate instruction or information to familiarise customers with the updates.

76

VER01.201124

Chapter 13 – Cryptography

Desired Outcomes for Cryptography

Desired Outcome 13.1 – Cryptographic Schemes: A financial