 a threat intelligence function or through engagement of third parties that provide cyber threat intelligence monitoring services. Such a function or service may also gather information pertaining to abuse of the financial institution’s intellectual property (e.g., logos, website impersonation, etc.) or data (e.g., exfiltrated customer or corporate information) and take active steps to halt continued abuse such as engaging the abuser’s internet service provider to submit a takedown request.

10.1.4 A financial institution should establish policies and procedures for the appropriate classification25 and dissemination of intelligence. Sharing of the gathered intelligence

23 The Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) program aims to identify, define, and catalog publicly disclosed cybersecurity vulnerabilities. The Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) Top 10 provides the top 10 critical security risks to web applications based on broad consensus of security experts globally. 24 The MITRE ATT&CK® is a globally accessible knowledge base of adversary tactics and techniques based on real- world observations. 25 A common classifying system is the Traffic Light Protocol (TLP) which defines how widely information should be circulated according to specific colours of a traffic light.

63

VER01.201124

and the assessment of the impact of such intelligence on the financial institution should be done in a controlled manner to prevent actionable intelligence falling into the hands of threat actors.

10.1.5 A financial institution should also maintain an awareness of known threats to its third parties. Where the gathered intelligence highlights or points to potential concerns about a third party’ ability to mitigate a threat, the financial institution should engage the third- party and obtain assurance that the third-party has the requisite controls in place to mitigate the threat.

10.1.6 As threat information benefits from an active community of participants, financial institutions are encouraged to contribute to cyber threat information sharing initiatives and participate in cyber threat information sharing arrangements.

Desired Outcome 10.2 – Cyber Event Lifecycle Management

10.2.1 Aside from incidents that cause disruptions to business operations or services to customers, a financial institution should also be able to promptly and safely manage cyber events that may result in system or data compromise leading to financial, reputational or legal risk events.

10.2.2 A financial institution should implement solutions that collect, aggregate and analyse logs and other data sources to detect cyber events26 – activities occurring in the IT environment that could result in or contribute to incidents – and take prompt action to address such cyber events. Such solutions should be configured to monitor unexpected and anomalous changes, behaviour or activities by users, systems, processes and services throughout the financial institution’s systems and networks and at entry/exit points of the network perimeter. A financial institution should regularly review the rules/configurations of such solutions to ensure their effectiveness in detecting new known threats and update them in a timely manner.

10.2.3 To facilitate prompt action in addressing cyber events, a financial institution should establish procedures to respond to cyber events of various natures. Such procedures should include classification of cyber events by severity, technical activities for issue resolution, escalation protocols and reporting, and integration into the financial institution’s incident management framework and business continuity plan where appropriate.

10.2.4 On an ongoing basis, a financial institution should ensure its monitoring solution(s) stays updated to account for evolved or new threats, including scanning its IT environment for indicators of compromise as they become available.

26 For example, Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) solutions facilitate the detection of potential threats and vulnerabilities. Security Orchestration, Automation and Response (SOAR) solutions can also assist in automating detection and response workflows.

64

VER01.201124

10.2.5 A financial institution that engages a third party to provide cyber event management services27 should perform adequate due diligence on the third party and have ongoing oversight over the performance of the service. The financial institution should have visibility into the monitoring rules and escalation protocols employed by the third party specific to the financial institution, as well as regular reporting from the third party on cyber event case management. The financial institution should integrate the third party’s cyber event response into its incident management framework.

Desired Outcome 10.3 – Security Testing

10.3.1 A financial institution should validate the effectiveness of IT controls. Baseline validation can take the form of vulnerability assessments while more advanced validation can be obtained by adversarial forms of testing.

10.3.2 A financial institution should establish a