(s) should be geographically separated from the primary data centre and relying on different set(s) of physical infrastructure providers (telecommunications, utilities, etc.) to mitigate against risk events that impact the underlying infrastructure.

9.1.14 A financial institution should assess the environmental and redundancy arrangements for individual data centre infrastructure (e.g., telecommunications, power and water supply, cooling systems, fire suppression, temperature, and humidity control systems, etc.) to ensure that SPOFs are eliminated where feasible.

9.1.15 A financial institution should ensure that the data centre’s physical security, upkeep and maintenance, and environmental controls are monitored on an ongoing basis with established and tested procedures to escalate and respond to any risk events.

9.1.16 A financial institution should ensure that access to the data centre is strictly controlled with comprehensive physical and logical controls to manage and monitor access from entry to the data centre to accessing the equipment racks holding the financial institution’s data.

Desired Outcome 9.2 – Continuity Planning

9.2.1 Without adequate planning to ensure business continuity during disruptions, a financial institution is at risk of incurring financial losses, regulatory action, and losing the trust and confidence of its customers and counterparties in the financial ecosystem.

9.2.2

To appropriately prioritise systems for recovery during a disruption, a financial institution should establish a business continuity framework for the identification of critical business services and functions as well as roles and responsibilities during a crisis. Among other factors, the framework should consider the impact on the financial institution’s viability, customers, and interconnections in the financial ecosystem when each business service or function is unavailable (e.g., business impact analysis). Dependencies and/or interconnections across a financial institution’s business services and functions should also be considered. Third parties involved in the operation or delivery of a business service or function should be included in the criticality analysis.

9.2.3

The business continuity framework should define for each business service or function minimum acceptable service levels which would serve as trigger points for the activation of business continuity measures. This will enable a financial institution to

60

VER01.201124

proactively address operational disruptions before complete service or function degradation.

9.2.4

The framework should also include the maximum disruption duration that the financial institution is able to tolerate for each business service or function. This will inform the recovery time objectives (RTO) to be set for systems supporting each business service or function.

9.2.5

A financial institution can then prioritise systems that support the most critical business services and functions, and/or systems that have the shortest RTOs for recovery. Prioritisation should take into consideration the resources available and any regulatory obligations on system recovery during disruptions.

9.2.6

In addition to RTOs, a financial institution should also establish recovery point objectives (RPO) for data recovery efforts. Once established, RPOs should be propagated to the financial institution’s data lifecycle framework.

9.2.7 With the system recovery prioritisation, a financial institution should establish its IT business continuity plans (BCP). The IT BCP should include protocols for activation and escalation, roles and responsibilities of relevant personnel involved, and metrics for monitoring of recovery activities.

9.2.8

A financial institution should identify the relevant personnel with appropriate seniority and expertise to constitute a steering group to lead the financial institution’s response to a disruption and to ensure that both internal and external stakeholders are kept apprised of activities occurring during activation of business continuity measures. Procedures should be established to convene the steering group when defined disruption thresholds are met.

Desired Outcome 9.3 – Recovery Planning and Testing

9.3.1 While it is not possible to account for every possible disruption scenario, setting out recovery plans assists in building a firm understanding of what is within the financial institution’s control during a disruption and the actions that can be taken to deal with disruptions.

9.3.2

In developing a recovery plan, a financial institution should study a range of scenarios and identify what disruptions would result from each scenario. For example, a faulty hardware could result in system failure thereby disrupting business operations or services to customers. The exhaustiveness of the scenario analysis should be in relation to the scale and complexity of the financial institution’s IT environment and dependencies.

9.3.3

A financial institution should establish recovery plans in line with the established RTOs and RPOs