 a range of risk events, architecting its systems, networks and data to achieve high availability is also key to effective IT risk management. Non-malicious risk events, such as product launches that spur a sudden increase in customer visits to online services resulting in slow or overwhelmed servers, can also impact a financial institution’s reputation and require forward planning to prevent recurrence.

9.1.5 When designing its systems, a financial institution should incorporate considerations that optimise utilisation of resources and reduce bottlenecks in performance. Where

58

VER01.201124

high availability is required or for critical system components/services, a financial institution should implement redundancy and/or fault tolerant solutions.

9.1.6

A financial institution should ensure that its hardware and software are adequately provisioned to support its operations. Indicators for system performance, utilisation, and capacity should be monitored and procedures should be in place to respond promptly and safely when pre-defined thresholds are met e.g., allocating additional capacity for anticipated service demand surges, etc.

9.1.7

A financial institution should adequately communicate expectations of availability under normal or stressed circumstances to stakeholders. For stressed circumstances, drawer plans should be in place to clearly indicate if the system or service is experiencing greater than anticipated demand on availability or is disrupted.

Network Resilience

9.1.8

To facilitate high availability, a financial institution should implement network redundancy measures within its IT environment (e.g., switches, routers, etc.) that create multiple paths to systems and route traffic effectively (e.g., load balancing) to maximise utilisation of resources and eliminate SPOFs.

9.1.9

Terrestrial and undersea telecommunications networks are deeply interconnected and rely on shared resources such as exchanges where internet service providers exchange and route data. If disruptions were to occur at such shared resources or other points of routing coalescence, a financial institution’s operations and service to customers may be disrupted.

9.1.10 A financial institution should conduct a telecommunications diversity assessment to determine the extent of network redundancy necessary for its operations and services to customers. The assessment should include connections between the financial institution’s data centres, connections to the internet for critical systems, and connections to third parties that play a critical role in the financial institution’s operations and/or service to customers.

Data Centre Resilience

9.1.11 There are a variety of hosting options for financial institutions. A financial institution may have a server room on its premises or build and operate its own data centre. A financial institution may lease infrastructure in managed data centres or choose co-locating in data centres run by third parties. Cloud service providers also offer a range of services that financial institutions can choose from, each with varying degrees of responsibilities and choice of geographic locations.

9.1.12 A financial institution should make an assessment of the available options to determine which model meets its business needs, risk appetite, and regulatory requirements. The assessment should also include a Threat and Vulnerability Risk Assessment (TVRA) to evaluate the data centre’s protections against physical and environmental threats. Given the reliance on public infrastructure needed to operate a data centre (e.g.,

59

VER01.201124

telecommunications, power, and water supply, etc.), the political and economic climate of the country the data centre is located in should be factored into the assessment. As and when material changes in the threat landscape occur, the financial institution should review its assessment and take appropriate action where necessary.

9.1.13 To strengthen availability to systems and data, a financial institution should implement redundant data centres to serve as secondary or disaster recovery data centres. Appropriate availability models should be adopted (e.g., active-active, active-passive, hot/warm/cold storage, masterless clustering, etc.) depending on the objectives set out by the financial institution. The redundant data centre(s) should be geographically separated from the primary data centre and relying on different set(s) of physical infrastructure providers (telecommunications, utilities, etc.) to mitigate against risk events that impact the underlying infrastructure.

9.1.14 A financial institution should assess the environmental and redundancy arrangements for individual data centre infrastructure (e.g., telecommunications, power and water supply, cooling systems, fire suppression, temperature, and humidity control systems, etc.) to ensure that SPOFs are eliminated where feasible.

9.1.15 A financial institution should ensure that the data centre’s physical security, upkeep and maintenance