3.1.9.c Multiple financial institutions relying on a single or few third parties for products or services (e.g., computer hardware, web services, etc.).

Materiality

3.1.10 A financial institution’s third-party management framework should include procedures

for assessing the materiality8 of a third-party arrangement.

8 The definition of materiality follows the Guidance following GEN Rule 3.3.32 for outsourcing arrangements. As additional guidance and for arrangements not considered outsourcing, a third-party arrangement is material when a financial institution assesses that a potential risk event occurring at the third-party results in a significant financial loss to the financial institution, a significant disruption to a financial institution’s ability to conduct business or service customers, a significant impact on a financial institution’s reputation, or a significant impact to the financial institution’s ability to comply with legal and regulatory obligations.

24

VER01.201124

3.1.11 A financial institution should ensure that the materiality assessments of its third-party arrangements are reviewed regularly by its senior management to account for any changes in the nature, scope, or complexity of the arrangements.

3.1.12 A financial institution should perform more stringent due diligence and have greater

requirements for the ongoing monitoring of its material third party arrangements.

Outsourcing

3.1.13 For the purposes of this Guidance, an outsourcing arrangement in the context of the financial institution is an arrangement where a third party is engaged to perform tasks, functions, processes, services or activities that would otherwise be undertaken by the financial institution itself. For example, a technology vendor developing and hosting the platform that the financial institution’s customers would perform financial transactions on, or a third party that conducts electronic know-your-customer checks during client onboarding.

3.1.14 A financial institution should be cognisant of the impact to itself in the event a third party is unable to demonstrate a satisfactory level of performance, encounters an adverse development, or practices poor risk management practices resulting in material risk events. A financial institution should be able to make alternative arrangements to mitigate this risk including potentially re-integrating the outsourced service.

Desired Outcome 3.2 – IT Third Party Lifecycle Management

3.2.1

A financial institution’s third-party management framework should include procedures that enable the financial institution to have strong oversight throughout the lifecycle of each third-party arrangement.

Due Diligence

3.2.2

A financial institution’s third-party management framework should have procedures for into such the assessment of each third-party arrangement prior to entering arrangements. The assessment should consider if each third-party arrangement is in line with the overall business and IT strategy, and that engagement with each third party would not detrimentally impact the risk profile of the financial institution. The assessment should also include comprehensive due diligence on each third party and its ability to perform, as well as any regulatory or legal obligations the third party should be compliant with.

3.2.3

A financial institution should ensure that adequate due diligence is performed on third parties and approved at an appropriate level of management. While the extent of the due diligence may vary depending on the nature of each third-party arrangement, a financial institution should consider the following and document the due diligence performed.

3.2.3.a

Track record of the third party in performing the activity and its ability to continue doing so for the contract period;

25

VER01.201124

3.2.3.b

Financial viability of the third party;

3.2.3.c

Business profile in the industry and any adverse developments such as legal action or negative media coverage;

3.2.3.d Quality of products or services involved in the arrangement, how the products or services meet the financial institution’s requirements, and comparison with peer products and services in the market;

3.2.3.e

Availability and location(s) of human resources within the third party to support the delivery of products or services to the financial institution;

3.2.3.f

Types of data to be transferred between the financial institution and the third party and the security controls in place to mitigate associated IT risks;

3.2.3.g Management of IT risks by the third party for the activities relevant to the

arrangement;

3.2.3.h

Threat and vulnerability management processes to mitigate known exploits in a timely manner;

3.2.3.i

Resilience measures, recovery objectives where applicable, and incident escalation protocols between the