ised activities, contamination of data, or infections from malware.

49

VER01.201124

7.5.2 Where data from the production system is required for use in non-production environments for testing or development activities, steps should be taken to obtain appropriate approvals, mitigation measures in place to ensure personal data protection, and strict access controls in place to stringently manage the data transfer process to prevent data leakage.

Change Management

7.5.3

A financial institution should establish a change management process to ensure that IT assets are not altered without oversight or in a way that disrupts business operations or services to customers. Changes can take the form of IT projects to improve a system, technology refresh, configuration updates, patches, etc. The change management process should include, among other elements, assessments of the proposed changes to determine the business need, urgency of the change, risks mitigated or created by the change, performance impact of the change, and any impact to connected systems.

7.5.4

A financial institution should ensure that changes comprising firmware or software releases from third parties should be acquired only from verified sources. Where applicable, the acquired change should be validated by confirming an identical checksum with the vendor published release information.

7.5.5

All changes to systems should be approved by an appropriate level of management within the financial institution.

7.5.6 Where a change requires expedited action to mitigate a time-critical issue, a procedure should be in place to ensure that appropriate steps are taken to address the issue with a commensurate delegation-of-authority.

Patch Management

7.5.7

As part of the change management process, a financial institution should establish a patch management process to ensure that all its firmware18 and software are kept up to date with the latest fixes for defects, and vulnerabilities. The process should include, among other elements, an assessment on the criticality19 of the patches and the software or firmware the patch is to be applied to, and a timeframe for patch implementation that is commensurate with business need and the risks addressed by the patch.

7.5.8

A financial institution should ensure that it acquires patches only from verified sources and validates the integrity of the patch. Where applicable, the acquired patch should be validated by confirming an identical checksum with the vendor published patch information.

18 Firmware is software that provides basic machine instructions that enables the hardware to function and communicate with other software running on a device. 19 For security vulnerabilities, financial institutions may take reference from the Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) which provides a numerical score that enables prioritisation by severity.

50

VER01.201124

7.5.9 While virtual patching20 enables timely mitigation of known vulnerabilities, financial institution should not treat virtual patches as permanent solutions. Financial institutions should regularly review the list of virtual patches with the aim of implementing the requisite updates to the applications in a timely manner.

Testing

7.5.10 All changes and patches21 should be tested in a separate test or development environment prior to being applied. Testing enables the financial institution to ensure that the updated system is still compatible with connected systems and identify any performance issues or disruptions resulting from the change or patch.

7.5.11 Testing should include relevant stakeholders (e.g., business users, IT staff, etc.), with clearly defined test scenarios and desired test outcomes. All test results and stakeholder acceptance should be documented.

Deployment to Production Environment

7.5.12 A financial institution should ensure that only authorised staff are able to deploy changes or patches into the production environment. Such authorised staff should be competent, familiar with the financial institution’s systems, and empowered with strictly controlled access rights to production systems. Where the change or patch requires movement of source code or binaries, the financial institution should be able to ascertain the author of such movement and ensure that measures are in place to check and maintain the integrity of source code moving between IT environments.

7.5.13 Prior to deployment, backups of the system(s) to be changed or patched should be performed, enabling the financial institution to have a point-in-time instance of the system, its configurations, and data.

7.5.14 During deployment, the financial institution should monitor the system(s) to ensure correct functioning and to identify any issues that may arise. Information generated by logs should be captured to facilitate such monitoring and any potential troubleshooting or investigations should the change or patch encounter issues.

7.