11. Access Management 12. Online Transaction Security 13. Cryptography 14. Algorithm-Driven Solutions 15. Decentralised Infrastructure Solutions

15

19

8

4

viii.

Each chapter of the Guidance begins with desired outcomes that summarise the FSRA’s expectations for financial institutions. For each of these desired outcomes, the FSRA has also set out specific best practices for financial institutions. For example, desired outcome 3.2 of the Guidance states that a financial institution should closely monitor and review its IT third parties’ performance and risk posture. This is followed by specific best practices on conducting due diligence, developing contractual agreements, monitoring the performance of IT third parties and putting termination arrangements in place.

Section A: Establishing a Culture of Effective IT Risk Management

Chapter 1 – Governance and Oversight

Desired Outcome 1.1 – Strategy Alignment: A financial institution should ensure that its IT strategies are aligned with and support its overall business strategy.

Desired Outcome 1.2 – Competence: The Governing Body and senior management of a financial institution should ensure that its staff, and any third parties, are competent to perform their roles.

Desired Outcome 1.3 – Accountability: A financial institution should ensure that the appropriate staff are accountable for the management of IT risks.

3

VER01.201124

Chapter 2 – Risk Management

Desired Outcome 2.1 – Risk Awareness: The Governing Body and senior management of a financial institution should foster a culture of IT risk awareness throughout the organisation.

Desired Outcome 2.2 – Risk Awareness Training: A financial institution should train its staff appropriately to mitigate IT risks.

Desired Outcome 2.3 –Risk Assessment Framework: A financial institution should put in place a risk assessment framework that identifies and assesses IT risks, and implements controls commensurate with the severity of the risks.

Desired Outcome 2.4 – Risk Monitoring: A financial institution should put in place a process to regularly monitor risk sources to ensure that the risk controls are functioning as designed.

Desired Outcome 2.5 – Incident Management: A financial institution should put in place procedures to detect, respond to and recover from incidents.

Desired Outcome 2.6 – Problem Management: A financial institution should establish a practice of studying past incidents and performance issues in a holistic manner to reduce the likelihood of future occurrences.

Desired Outcome 2.7 – Insider Risk: A financial institution should take steps to mitigate against insider threats.

Chapter 3 – Third Party Management

Desired Outcome 3.1 – Third Party Risk Governance: A financial institution should ensure that its engagement with third parties aligns with its business strategy and adheres to the established risk management framework.

Desired Outcome 3.2 – Third Party Lifecycle Management: A financial institution should closely monitor and review its third parties’ performance and risk posture.

Desired Outcome 3.3 – Supply Chain Resilience: A financial institution should actively monitor and mitigate risks arising from its third parties’ supply chain.

Chapter 4 – Compliance and Audit

Desired Outcome 4.1 – Comply: A financial institution should include IT obligations in its compliance programme.

Desired Outcome 4.2 – Audit: A financial institution should include IT controls in its audit programme.

4

VER01.201124

Section B: Managing an IT Environment

Chapter 5 – System Lifecycle Management

Desired Outcome 5.1 – Project Management Oversight: A financial institution should ensure that IT projects align with its business strategy and adheres to the established risk management framework.

Desired Outcome 5.2 – System Acquisition, Development, and Testing: A financial institution should put in place a robust framework for managing the acquisition, development, and testing of systems.

Desired Outcome 5.3 – System Refresh and Decommissioning: A financial institution should establish processes to manage the safe and secure refresh and decommissioning of its systems.

Chapter 6 –Technology Asset Management

Desired Outcome 6.1 – Asset Identification and Classification: A financial institution should know what assets it has and how critical those assets are.

Desired Outcome 6.2 – Asset Accountability: A financial institution’s assets should be responsibly managed in a way that is commensurate with the criticality of the assets.

Chapter 7 – Operational Infrastructure Management

Desired Outcome 7.1 – Standardising the Operating Environment: A