 measures are in place to check and maintain the integrity of source code moving between IT environments.

7.5.13 Prior to deployment, backups of the system(s) to be changed or patched should be performed, enabling the financial institution to have a point-in-time instance of the system, its configurations, and data.

7.5.14 During deployment, the financial institution should monitor the system(s) to ensure correct functioning and to identify any issues that may arise. Information generated by logs should be captured to facilitate such monitoring and any potential troubleshooting or investigations should the change or patch encounter issues.

7.5.15 Financial institutions should also establish rollback procedures to cater for unexpected failures during the process of implementing a change or patch in the production environment. Such rollback procedures should include system-specific steps taken to revert the patched or changed system to a previous state.

20 Also known as ‘external patching’ or ‘just-in-time patching’, virtual patching creates a security policy enforcement layer which prevents the exploitation of a known vulnerability. The actual source code of the application is not modified. 21 There are certain types of patches that may not need to be tested where the potential risks associated with such patches may be low. For example, patches provided by the software or firmware vendor designed to fix minor issues that are not critical to the operation of the system. Nonetheless, financial institutions should have a process in place to identify such patches and the appropriate activities for deployment.

51

VER01.201124

7.5.16 Where blue-green22 deployment strategies are adopted, financial institutions should ensure that the strategy is appropriate for change or patch, and the complexity of the systems, and that all system dependencies, including data schemas are fully mapped prior to implementation.

7.5.17 A financial institution that relies on third parties to update its systems should have procedures or controls in place to be informed of activities performed in the production environment. Where necessary, depending on the criticality of the system, the financial institution should obtain assurance on the third parties’ activities in the production environment by engaging appropriate independent parties to review the changes performed.

22 A blue-green deployment model is one where two separate sets of resources are running in parallel, and traffic is gradually directed from one set to another as the resources on the latter set is updated following a change release.

52

VER01.201124

Chapter 8 – Data Lifecycle Management

Desired Outcomes for Data Lifecycle Management

Desired Outcome 8.1 – Data Governance: A financial institution should have organisational structures to support sound governance of data.

Desired Outcome 8.2 – Data Lifecycle Management: A financial institution should safely and securely manage its data from inception to destruction.

Desired Outcome 8.3 – Handling Data with Regulatory Obligations: A financial institution should ensure it complies with all applicable regulatory obligations pertaining to its data.

Desired Outcome 8.1 – Data Governance

8.1.1

As a financial institution grows and expands its suite of services, so too does the universe of data that it manages and the potential for data related risk events (e.g., data leakage, etc.).

8.1.2

To adequately govern such growing data sets, a financial institution should put structures or mechanisms in place that enables it to maintain oversight and control. For example, this may take the form of formalised policies on data governance, a dedicated function and appointed senior executive to oversee data governance for the financial institution, or a cross-functional data governance committee charged with a data governance mandate. Such structures or mechanisms should be integrated within the financial institution’s risk management framework.

8.1.3

The governance framework should include assigning accountability for each dataset to an appropriate and responsible senior executive to ensure that the dataset is managed in line with the established data governance policies (e.g., granting of access rights to the data sets across different systems and business activities).

8.1.4

A financial institution should ensure that it has appointed competent and responsible staff to manage its data governance policies. The responsibilities of these staff should include overseeing the day-to-day consumption of the dataset and managing the technical aspects relating to data lifecycle management (e.g., security controls for storage, processing, etc.).

its datasets

in line with

8.1.5

A financial institution should put processes in place to ensure that any deviations from the data governance framework are approved by the appropriate level of management and that any necessary actions to mitigate the risks