, on a regular basis. For new staff, financial institutions should conduct the training program as soon as is practical after they join the organisation.

2.2.5

Financial institutions should review the training program on a periodic basis to ensure that it remains relevant and effective by taking into account emerging risks and changes in the IT risk landscape.

Desired Outcome 2.3 –Risk Assessment Framework

2.3.1

It is not possible to prevent all risk events from occurring. However, implementing a structured and comprehensive risk management framework can help a financial institution prevent common risk events and reduce the likelihood and impact of unforeseen risk events.

2.3.2

In addition to the key risks highlighted in the Introduction, financial institutions are exposed to several domains of potentially overlapping enterprise-level IT risks, including:

2.3.2.a

Project management risk – the risk that a technology or data project will fail to meet desired outcomes;

2.3.2.b

IT operations risk – the risk of an unexpected compromise to a system or dataset’s confidentiality, integrity or availability. This includes unexpected system behaviour or errors e.g., due to incorrectly applied patches;

2.3.2.c Data security risk – the risk of a dataset experiencing a disruption to its confidentiality, integrity or availability, whether by attack or by unexpected behaviour. Data security risk differs from cybersecurity and IT operations risk because it takes into account the content of the data;

2.3.2.d Cybersecurity risk – the risk of an attack on a system that disrupts its confidentiality, integrity or availability. Cybersecurity risk differs from operations risk because of the need to consider the threat model and attacker; and

15

VER01.201124

2.3.2.e

Third-party risk (IT-focused) – the risk of compromise to a system or dataset’s confidentiality, integrity or availability as a result of weak controls in a third party that the financial institution has dealings with.

2.3.3

A risk event in one domain can affect other domains. For example, a cybersecurity risk event caused by an external attacker could compromise the confidentiality of a dataset and the availability of the system containing that dataset. Financial institutions should therefore consider all relevant domains when assessing the risk to each system or dataset.

2.3.4 While IT risks pose their own unique challenges, they contribute to the larger category of operational risks5. Treating IT risks as a separate exercise could lead to gaps in risk controls. As such, financial institutions should account for and integrate the management of IT risks as part of their overall management of operational risk. Staff tasked with managing IT risk should be regularly apprised of and included in the governance structures for managing operational risk.

Governance Structures

2.3.5

Financial institutions should put in place governance structures appropriate for their nature, scale and complexity to:

2.3.5.a

oversee the development of the risk assessment framework;

2.3.5.b

regularly review the risk assessment framework to ensure its adequacy and effectiveness;

2.3.5.c

establish, maintain and implement sound policies and processes for managing IT risk;

2.3.5.d

identify and assign accountability for risks; and

2.3.5.e manage IT risks in accordance with the risk assessment framework and the

IT strategies.

2.3.6

Financial institutions should conduct regular and independent assessments of the effectiveness of the governance structures, their management of risk and their risk controls. Such assessments may be conducted by the financial institution’s internal audit functions or by external auditors.

2.3.7

Financial institutions should define a lifecycle for their risk assessment framework that includes at least the stages set out in GEN Rule 3.3.4; identify, assess, mitigate, control and monitor.

5 As defined in FSRA Rulebooks, consistent with definitions provided by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events. This definition includes legal risk but excludes strategic and reputational risk.

16

VER01.201124

2.3.8

Financial institutions should ensure that the risk assessment framework has a common definition and measure of risk across all domains. For example, a financial institution may define risk as the product of likelihood and impact and use the same measurement scale to measure likelihood and impact across all domains. This will provide a common basis for financial