 systems and data occurs.

2.1.3

Fostering a culture of risk awareness is crucial for the financial institution. In such a culture, staff are aware of the risks that they face and use IT securely to achieve business objectives. Financial institutions should avoid the extreme of risk aversion,

13

VER01.201124

where staff avoid taking any risk regardless of the impact on the business, or risk blindness, where staff disregard potential risks in pursuit of business objectives.

2.1.4

The Governing Body and senior management of a financial institution should foster a culture of risk awareness throughout the financial institution by setting the ‘tone from the top’. This can be done by demonstrating a personal commitment to mitigating IT risk. Staff are unlikely to take IT risk seriously if they see that the Governing Body and senior management do not act in line with the financial institution’s stated practices for IT risk.

2.1.5

For example, a culture of open reporting of incidents can significantly aid financial institutions in building a culture of risk awareness. By reporting all incidents, no matter how minor and including ‘near misses’, financial institutions can identify and mitigate patterns of problems in risk management practices so that they can respond to potential incidents in a timely manner and identify issues before further risk events occur. For a culture of open reporting to work in practice, the Governing Body and senior management should create an environment where all staff are comfortable with and motivated to flag out gaps in IT risk management. The Governing Body and senior management should regularly reiterate the need to learn from such incidents and rectify problems, rather than assigning blame.

2.1.6

Financial institutions should put a framework in place to monitor staff awareness of IT risk. This framework should include both qualitative factors, such as staff perception of IT security, as well as quantitative factors, such as the number of risk events experienced by the firm. The monitoring framework should be reviewed on a periodic basis to ensure that its contents and factors remain relevant.

2.1.7

The results of the monitoring framework should be reviewed regularly to identify both lessons learnt as well as steps that can be taken to improve awareness.

Desired Outcome 2.2 – Risk Awareness Training

2.2.1

To effectively mitigate IT risks, staff should be appropriately trained. Without such training, staff may either make the occurrence of a risk event more likely or worsen the impact of a risk event.

Regular and Relevant Training

2.2.2

Financial institutions should put in place a comprehensive training program that raises awareness of IT risks and gives staff appropriate training to mitigate risks that they may commonly face in their day-to-day activities. The training program should be proportionate to the nature, scale and complexity of the financial institution and should minimally cover:

2.2.2.a

the financial institution’s policies and standards;

2.2.2.b

the specific IT risks, including in particular the cybersecurity risks, that staff are exposed to;

14

VER01.201124

2.2.2.c

staff’s responsibility and accountability for mitigating IT risk and reporting risk events;

2.2.2.d

steps that staff can take in their day-to-day work to mitigate IT risk; and

2.2.2.e

any applicable laws, regulations or guidance relating to IT risk.

2.2.3

Financial institutions should tailor the contents of the training program to meet the needs of specific groups. For example, the needs of the Governing Body and senior management or of IT staff will differ from those of general staff. In particular, high-risk groups, such as those with privileged system access or in sensitive business functions, should be identified and receive targeted security awareness training.

2.2.4

Financial institutions should conduct the training program for all staff, be they permanent or temporary, on a regular basis. For new staff, financial institutions should conduct the training program as soon as is practical after they join the organisation.

2.2.5

Financial institutions should review the training program on a periodic basis to ensure that it remains relevant and effective by taking into account emerging risks and changes in the IT risk landscape.

Desired Outcome 2.3 –Risk Assessment Framework

2.3.1

It is not possible to prevent all risk events from occurring. However, implementing a structured and comprehensive risk management framework can help a financial institution prevent common risk events and reduce the likelihood