 institution. The financial institution should remediate all findings and retest them to validate the effectiveness of remediation prior to closure of the finding.

10.3.5 Where appropriate and depending on the nature and objectives of the test or exercise, a financial institution should involve relevant stakeholders, such as the governing body, senior management, business functions, third party service provides and customers.

29 Capture-the-flag exercises involve ethical or white hat hackers who are given a specific target within an organisation’s IT infrastructure to ‘compromise’. The hackers can use any tools and exploit any channel to reach the target within a time frame. 30 For example, the OWASP Risk Rating Methodology espouses six steps to estimate the severity of risks to the business and make informed decisions about mitigating those risks.

66

VER01.201124

SECTION C: INTERACTING SECURELY

Chapter 11 – Access Management

Desired Outcomes for Access Management

Desired Outcome 11.1 – Credential Management: A financial institution should ensure that credentials used to access its assets and networks are valid.

Desired Outcome 11.2 – Authorisation: A financial institution should ensure that access to its assets is managed and authorised on a least-privileged basis.

Desired Outcome 11.3 – Authentication: A financial institution should only allow access to its assets, appropriate to the authorised scope of activities, upon successful authentication of credentials.

11.0.1 As

institutions adopt more systems and expand their technology infrastructure, it is inevitable that the task of mapping and managing access to resources will become more complex. In this growing complexity, it is essential that financial institutions implement robust controls for identity and access management to mitigate against the threat of unauthorised access.

financial

11.0.2 A financial institution should establish an identity and access management framework encompassing policies and procedures for credential management, authorisation (assigning rights to a credential), and authentication (verifying a credential).

Desired Outcome 11.1 – Credential Management

11.1.1 Credentials are pieces of information that serve as identities in the digital world and facilitate authorisation and authentication of users and systems. Credentials can take various forms e.g., usernames and passwords, certificates, tokens, and cryptographic keys, etc.

11.1.2 As part of its identity and access management framework, a financial institution should establish procedures for the management of credentials throughout its lifecycle. Processes and procedures should also be in place to revoke and replace credentials that have been compromised. All credential requests should be approved by the resource owner and appropriate level of management.

11.1.3 Depending on the type of credential to be employed, a financial institution should implement appropriate solutions to securely issue, modify, and revoke credentials. Where credentials are stored within a solution, the financial institution should ensure that credentials are stored securely (e.g., encryption at rest) commensurate to the assigned access rights of the credential. Similarly, access to such credential storage solutions should be securely controlled (e.g., multi-factor authentication (MFA) and anti-malware measures to mitigate against capture of the master password by threat actors).

67

VER01.201124

11.1.4 A financial institution should ensure that credentials are unique and not shared among multiple users, processes, services, or systems, and granted in accordance with the needs of the required access.

11.1.5 Where passwords are used, they should be of sufficient complexity and length to protect against common brute-force attacks. A financial institution should also ensure that passwords are regularly changed without reuse and default passwords are changed upon first login. Passwords should be stored securely (e.g., hashed, encrypted, etc.) and not stored in plaintext.

11.1.6 Where password-less solutions are used (e.g., ephemeral certificates, magic links31, one-time codes, etc.), access to the issuing authority should be stringently controlled with MFA and anti-malware measures to mitigate against capture of the master password by threat actors. The financial institutions should ensure that systems connecting to the issuing authority are appropriately configured to support such access at the point of implementation.

11.1.7 Any third parties, contract or part-time staff, and external systems connecting to corporate resources should adhere to the established credential management process and be subject to the same access restrictions and monitoring as employees of the financial institution.

11.1.8 A financial institution should perform regular reviews of all credentials to verify