missioning: A financial institution should establish processes to manage the safe and secure refresh and decommissioning of its systems.

Chapter 6 –Technology Asset Management

Desired Outcome 6.1 – Asset Identification and Classification: A financial institution should know what assets it has and how critical those assets are.

Desired Outcome 6.2 – Asset Accountability: A financial institution’s assets should be responsibly managed in a way that is commensurate with the criticality of the assets.

Chapter 7 – Operational Infrastructure Management

Desired Outcome 7.1 – Standardising the Operating Environment: A financial institution should maintain an up-to-date library of standardised configurations that all hardware and software comply with.

Desired Outcome 7.2 – Securing the Physical Environment: A financial institution should ensure that all physical assets connecting to its networks are secured to prevent unauthorised access and data loss.

Desired Outcome 7.3 – Securing Connections: A financial institution should ensure that its networks and connections are protected from unauthorised access, resilient against exploitation or disruption, and data is transmitted securely.

Desired Outcome 7.4 – Securing the Virtual Environment: A financial institution should ensure that the virtual environments it operates in are protected from unauthorised access and data loss.

Desired Outcome 7.5 – Updating the Environment: A financial institution should ensure that its firmware and software are kept up to date in a safe and timely manner.

Chapter 8 – Data Lifecycle Management

5

VER01.201124

Desired Outcome 8.1 – Data Governance: A financial institution should have organisational structures to support sound governance of data.

Desired Outcome 8.2 – Data Lifecycle Management: A financial institution should safely and securely manage its data from inception to destruction.

Desired Outcome 8.3 – Handling Data with Regulatory Obligations: A financial institution should ensure it complies with all applicable regulatory obligations pertaining to its data.

Chapter 9 – Resilience

Desired Outcome 9.1 – Availability Architecture: A financial institution should architect its systems, networks, and data to meet its availability objectives.

Desired Outcome 9.2 – Continuity Planning: A financial institution should have business continuity plans in place to minimise the impact of disruptions on its ability to deliver financial services.

Desired Outcome 9.3 – Recovery Planning and Testing: A financial institution should recover from disruptions promptly and safely.

Chapter 10 – Cyber Event Management

Desired Outcome 10.1 – Threat Awareness: A financial institution should stay apprised of the latest cyber threats to its IT environment.

Desired Outcome 10.2 – Cyber Event Lifecycle Management: A financial institution should ensure cyber events are managed to resolution promptly and safely.

Desired Outcome 10.3 – Security Testing: A financial institution should validate its ability to prevent, detect and be resilient against cyber threats.

Section C: Interacting Securely

Chapter 11 – Access Management

Desired Outcome 11.1 – Credential Management: A financial institution should ensure that credentials used to access its assets and networks are valid.

Desired Outcome 11.2 – Authorisation: A financial institution should ensure that access to its assets is managed and authorised on a least-privileged basis.

Desired Outcome 11.3 – Authentication: A financial institution should only allow access to its assets, appropriate to the authorised scope of activities, upon successful authentication of credentials.

6

VER01.201124

Chapter 12 – Online Transaction Security

Desired Outcome 12.1 – Online Transaction Security: A financial institution should design its systems and processes with the aim of reducing the potential for fraudulent activity taking place via its online financial services.

Desired Outcome 12.2 – Fraud Mitigation: A financial institution should implement capabilities to detect and mitigate fraudulent activities on its online financial services.

Desired Outcome 12.3 – Customer IT Risk Awareness: A financial institution should regularly inform customers of the risks associated with the use of online financial services.

Chapter 13 – Cryptography

Desired Outcome 13.1 – Cryptographic Schemes: A financial institution should implement secure cryptographic schemes.

Desired Outcome 13.2 – Key Lifecycle Management: A financial institution should ensure cryptographic keys are managed securely throughout its lifecycle.

Section D: Leveraging Business Embedded Technologies

Chapter 14 – Algorithm Driven Solutions

Desired Outcome 14.1 – Governance of Algorithm Driven