 institution’s control during a disruption and the actions that can be taken to deal with disruptions.

9.3.2

In developing a recovery plan, a financial institution should study a range of scenarios and identify what disruptions would result from each scenario. For example, a faulty hardware could result in system failure thereby disrupting business operations or services to customers. The exhaustiveness of the scenario analysis should be in relation to the scale and complexity of the financial institution’s IT environment and dependencies.

9.3.3

A financial institution should establish recovery plans in line with the established RTOs and RPOs arising from the business continuity framework. Recovery plans for all systems should be sufficiently detailed to prevent unauthorised or inappropriate activities from being performed. A financial institution should ensure that its recovery plans are approved by the appropriate level of management.

61

VER01.201124

9.3.4 On a regular basis, the recovery plan should be reviewed and updated to account for changes made to the IT environment and dependencies, and changes to other policies and procedures that have an impact on recovery activities.

9.3.5

A financial institution should also remind its staff that use EUC resources to make alternative arrangements or work with the relevant functions to include EUC resources into the business continuity plans to facilitate seamless business operations during recovery activities.

9.3.6

A financial institution should regularly test its recovery plans to validate its ability to recover from disruptions in a timely and safe manner. Relevant stakeholders, including senior management and business units, should participate in such tests to gain competence in the necessary activities. Third parties that operate or deliver a business service or function should be involved in recovery tests or facilitate the financial institution’s participation in their recovery tests.

9.3.7 Where possible, a financial institution should regularly operate fully from its recovery or alternative arrangements to build confidence that such infrastructure is in working order and its personnel are accustomed to performing the necessary activities during BCP activation.

9.3.8

Upon activation of the IT BCP, a financial institution should ensure that recovery activities adhere to the rehearsed, tested, and approved procedures. Where deviation is necessary due to unforeseen circumstances, appropriate personnel should perform adequate risk assessment of the deviation and obtain approval from the appropriate level of management prior to execution.

62

VER01.201124

Chapter 10 – Cyber Event Management

Desired Outcomes for Cyber Event Management

Desired Outcome 10.1 – Threat Awareness: A financial institution should stay apprised of the latest cyber threats to its IT environment.

Desired Outcome 10.2 – Cyber Event Lifecycle Management: A financial institution should ensure cyber events are managed to resolution promptly and safely.

Desired Outcome 10.3 – Security Testing: A financial institution should validate its ability to prevent, detect, and be resilient against cyber threats.

Desired Outcome 10.1 – Threat Awareness

10.1.1 While financial institutions strengthen their defences by implementing robust controls to mitigate IT risks, threat actors are also improving their toolkits to find the next exploit. Staying up to date with developments in the cyber threat landscape is essential to ensuring that a financial institution’s IT environment is not at risk of falling victim to known threats.

10.1.2 A financial institution should maintain an awareness of developments in the cyber threat landscape that would inform the enhancements to be made to its security controls. For example, adjusting DDoS mitigation measures to align with known attack volumes, updating anti malware signatures to ensure new ransomware variants are detected and mitigated, or replacing software or hardware when fundamental vulnerabilities are discovered. Sources of such cyber threat information include openly available knowledge bases of known vulnerabilities23 and attack methods24, as well as alerts and advisories published by various national cyber security centres.

10.1.3 Cyber threat awareness building can be done in-house by establishing a threat intelligence function or through engagement of third parties that provide cyber threat intelligence monitoring services. Such a function or service may also gather information pertaining to abuse of the financial institution’s intellectual property (e.g., logos, website impersonation, etc.) or data (e.g., exfiltrated customer or corporate information) and take active steps to halt continued abuse such as engaging the abuser’s internet service provider to submit a takedown request.

10.1.4 A financial institution should establish policies and procedures for the appropriate classification25 and dissemination of intelligence. Sharing of the gathered intelligence

23 The Common