 of users, processes, services, and systems that should adhere to the framework, and the administrative procedures for creating, modifying, enforcing, deprecating, and deleting policies.

11.2.4 A financial

institution should adopt solutions that align with the established authorisation model and authorisation policies should be defined based on the least amount of access necessary for the user, process, services, or system to perform its function i.e., ‘least-access principle’. Authorisation policies should also support segregation of duties across the financial institution’s functions. The ‘never alone principle’ should be applied to all access policies associated with privileged activities to ensure that no single user has unilateral access to perform such activities.

11.2.5 Where a certificate authority or equivalent solution

is deployed to manage authorisation, a financial institution should ensure that it is configured in accordance with the established authorisation model and all processes or systems relying on it are appropriately configured to recognise the certificates generated for the specified duration.

69

VER01.201124

11.2.6

In line with the principle of least privilege34, a financial institution should ensure that no person is given unfettered access to data or the corporate network. This includes any individual from senior management or the Governing Body.

11.2.7 A financial institution should perform regular reviews on the access policies and their associated credentials. Measures should be in place to identify and rectify exceptions noted during the review (e.g., expired, redundant, excessive authority, wrongfully assigned credentials, etc.) in a timely manner. Where a pattern of exceptions or deviations are noted from reviews, the financial institution should investigate the root cause of the pattern and take appropriate steps to prevent recurrence.

Desired Outcome 11.3 – Authentication

11.3.1 As technology developed, passwords as a single factor of authentication alone have become insufficient to securely authenticate users, processes, and systems to corporate resources. Threat actors have at their disposable a prolific array of tools to circumvent weak controls to gain unauthorised access to corporate resources. The variety of mechanisms and factors available for authentication today has facilitated greater confidence in drawing information from a myriad of datasets to provide an enriching experience for users.

11.3.2 To enable MFA, credentials are presented with additional factors that typically fall into

the following categories.

11.3.2.a Knowledge – Something you know (e.g., password, PIN, etc.)

11.3.2.b Possession – Something you have (e.g., smartcards, tickets, token, OTP, etc.)

11.3.2.c

Inherence – Something you are (e.g., biometrics, behaviour, etc.)

11.3.3 As part of its identity and access management framework, a financial institution should define the type(s) of authentication mechanism(s) and factor(s) required to authenticate users, processes, services, and systems based on the criticality of the resource. In particular, MFA should be applied on a risk-based approach, for instance users who access corporate resources remotely, perform privileged activities, or with access to sensitive or critical systems or datasets. Where appropriate, MFA should be required for sensitive customer, business, or operational functions.

11.3.4 A financial institution should ensure that there is a limit to the number of acceptable failed authentication attempts to mitigate against brute force attacks and MFA bypass attacks.

11.3.5 Concurrent access by a single credential should only be enabled based on credible

business needs and each access channel authenticated independently.

34 A credential should only be given the minimum level of access or permissions needed to perform the job functions.

70

VER01.201124

11.3.6 A financial institution that relies on authentication solutions external to the corporate network, should conduct adequate due diligence on the solution prior to integration. Security characteristics of the solution(s) should be assessed to ensure that the generation and transmission of authentication data is secured against threat actors and only requisite data is transmitted.

11.3.7 A financial institution should perform regular reviews on the suitability of the chosen authentication mechanism and associated factor(s). Measures should be in place to identify and rectify exceptions noted during the review in a timely manner. Where a pattern of exceptions or deviations are noted from reviews, the financial institution should investigate the root cause of the pattern and take appropriate steps to prevent recurrence.

One-Time Password (OTP)

11.3.8 OTPs comprising numbers or an alphanumeric