 equally stringent security controls. The cryptographic key generation ceremony should be restricted to only the necessary and competent personnel.

13.2.3 When cryptographic keys are used, transmitted, or transported, financial institutions should ensure that appropriate measures such as encrypting or ‘wrapping’ the keys are in place to protect against attacks on the keys’ integrity or interception by threat actors.

13.2.4 Where the cryptographic scheme requires multiparty computation43, the financial institution should ensure that each key part is stored securely, and parts distributed to various parties are done so in a secure manner.

13.2.5 A financial institution should ensure that cryptographic keys are used for their specified purpose for the specified duration. The financial institution should ensure that controls are in place to prevent single use keys from being re-used or any keys being used beyond their expiry.

13.2.6 A financial institution should ensure that its systems do not enable keys that have been revoked or expired to be used. A financial institution should implement measures for the timely and secure destruction of revoked or expired keys to prevent them being reused by threat actors.

13.2.7 The financial institution should maintain an up-to-date inventory of all keys either generated or procured from third parties. The inventory should be reviewed and updated regularly.

42 ‘Harvest now, decrypt later’ is a practice where threat actors collect and store stolen or leaked datasets in anticipation of quantum computers being capable of decrypting today’s encryption methods thereby enabling threat actors to subsequently extort from the organisations to whom the datasets belong. 43 A cryptographic key is split into Y number of parts for use by multiple parties and an X of Y combination is required for computation.

78

VER01.201124

13.2.8 Where keys are to be replaced or renewed, a financial institution should ensure that the process to replace or renew the key does not allow for threat actors who have unauthorised access to the old key are able to derive the new key. Financial institutions should ensure that keys are rotated to reduce the likelihood of key theft by threat actors.

13.2.9

If a key is compromised (e.g., modified or intercepted by threat actor, secrets leak made public on the internet, vulnerability in cryptographic scheme, etc.), the financial institution should assess if the compromise extends to other keys or the overall cryptographic scheme and take appropriate action to replace the affected keys or scheme and to destroy all compromised keys.

13.2.10 A financial institution that relies on a third-party key management service should ensure that the appropriate security configurations are enabled or provisioned to securely manage keys throughout their lifecycles. Adequate due diligence on the third party should be performed prior to engagement, and ongoing oversight over the performance of the service should be maintained by the financial institution.

13.2.11 A financial institution should ensure that all activities involving keys are logged and monitored. Such logs should be reviewed by an appropriate party for any unauthorised or malicious activity on a regular and timely basis.

79

VER01.201124

SECTION D: LEVERAGING BUSINESS EMBEDDED TECHNOLOGIES

Chapter 14 – Algorithm Driven Solutions

Desired Outcomes for Algorithm Driven Solutions

Desired Outcome 14.1 – Governance of Algorithm Driven Solutions: A financial institution should have appropriate governance structures to support sound development and usage of algorithm driven solutions.

Desired Outcome 14.2 – Safe Development and Usage: The use of algorithm driven solutions should not compromise a financial institution’s ability to conduct its business operations or services to customers in accordance with applicable laws and its ethical norms.

Desired Outcome 14.1 – Governance of Algorithm Driven Solutions

14.1.1 The use of machine learning techniques and artificial intelligence systems have enabled greater automation of tasks and spurred new possibilities for building business processes. From the introduction of algorithmic trading to the use of ‘robo-advisors’ for customised financial portfolio management, and more recent developments of generative artificial intelligence models and quantum computing algorithms, the use of algorithms in varying degrees of complexity have brought positive outcomes for the benefit of customers.

14.1.2 As these techniques and systems advance, the underlying algorithms become more complex and, without adequate governance, may reach a state where the output no longer meets the desired objectives or results in unexpected consequences44. Financial institutions that make use of algorithm driven solutions (‘ADS’) should be cognisant of the associated risks and ensure that business operations and