 a financial institution should assess if connectivity between systems should be over leased lines, fixed wireless, broadband, or other means.

interfaces may be appropriate

7.3.6 While a variety of controls are available to secure networks from threat actors, a financial institution may determine it is necessary to create an airgap for certain selected systems (i.e., ensure that such systems are available only on a separate network from other corporate systems). For such implementations, a financial institution should ensure that the means by which software or data updates are made to the air-gapped systems are done with due consideration for any control weaknesses. For example, only adequately secured and malware-free portable storage devices should be used to transfer software or data updates. A financial institution may also consider dynamic physical network segmentation that offer air-gap capabilities through logical12 or physical13 configurations.

Wireless Connectivity

7.3.7

Financial institutions may employ wireless access networks for various purposes and intended parties. Wireless connectivity may be offered to customers to freely browse the internet while at service centres, for staff and contractors to connect their mobile devices to the corporate network, or for Internet-of-Things (IoT) devices to transmit sensor data for analysis and reporting. However, wireless connectivity provides threat actors with a convenient entry point for malicious or criminal activity if the network is inadequately secured. A financial institution should therefore take necessary steps to secure its wireless connections and corporate devices that connect to them.

7.3.8

A financial institution should ensure that its hardware that provides wireless connectivity or devices that connect wirelessly have industry recognised certification with security features (e.g., Wi-Fi Protected Access security, Bluetooth Core Specification, radio frequency identification standards, etc.).

7.3.9

A financial institution should ensure that its wireless access networks and corporate hardware that connect to such networks are configured securely to prevent unauthorised access. A financial institution that offers free wireless connectivity to the internet for customers’ or staff’s personal devices should ensure that such a wireless access network is physically or logically separate from its corporate network.

7.3.10 A financial institution should implement wireless intrusion detection and prevention systems to automate scanning of rogue access points and configuration errors.

12 For example, policy-based access controls defined at the device or user level. 13 For example, using an out-of-band method (e.g., SMS) to notify a network segmentation device to automatically cut network traffic to defined segments.

44

VER01.201124

Virtual Private Networks

7.3.11 To facilitate flexible work arrangements or to support geographically disparate offices, a financial institution may enable staff, contractors or third parties to remotely access its corporate network via a Virtual Private Network (VPN) from public networks. A financial institution should ensure that VPNs are configured securely, data is transmitted securely with end-to-end encryption, and users and devices are authenticated.

7.3.12 Financial institutions should adhere to legal requirements on the use of VPNs in the

jurisdictions they operate in.

Data Transfers

7.3.13 A financial institution may implement various modes of transmitting data within the corporate network or with external systems. If inadequately configured for security, threat actors may exploit such insecure connections and compromise a financial institution’s data and systems.

7.3.14 A financial institution should establish a process to ensure that all data transmission points adhere to secure transmission protocols with end-to-end encryption (e.g., SFTP, HTTPS, S/MIME, AS4, etc.). In addition to software-based encryption methods, a financial institution may consider implementing hardware-based encryption solutions to encrypt traffic between different locations.

7.3.15 A financial institution should disable all unused or unnecessary data transmission services that could be used by threat actors to compromise systems on the network, e.g., telnet, plain FTP, etc.

Securing Application Programming Interfaces

7.3.16 Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) enable systems to communicate with each other through standardised specifications. A financial institution may interact with APIs in multiple ways, including:

7.3.16.a consuming APIs from trusted third parties or untrusted public sources;

7.3.16.b publishing its own APIs for external parties to interact with its products and

services; and

7.3.16.c publishing and consuming APIs for internal systems.

7.3.17

In each scenario, a financial institution should carefully assess the benefits and risks of connecting via APIs before implementation.

7.3.18