 be taken into account so that the shortest possible residual maturity is used. Where a call is at the discretion of the protection seller, the residual maturity will be at the first call date. If the call is at the discretion of the Authorised Person but the terms of the arrangement at origination of the Credit Derivative contain a positive incentive for the Authorised Person to call the transaction before contractual maturity, the remaining time to the first call date will be deemed to be the residual maturity.

4.13.16

(1)

An Authorised Person must calculate the value of the CRM adjusted for any Maturity Mismatch (referred to as "PA"), using the following formula:

PA = P(t-0.25)/(T-0.25)

where -

(a)

P = value of the credit protection (e.g. Collateral amount, guarantee amount) adjusted for any haircuts;

(b)

t = min (T, residual maturity of the Credit Risk mitigant) expressed in years; and

(c)

T = min (5, residual maturity of the Exposure) expressed in years.

(2)

For residual maturity of the Exposure in the case of a basket of Exposures with different maturities, an Authorised Person must use the longest maturity of any of the Exposures as the maturity of all the Exposures being hedged.

Guidance

The positive incentive for an Authorised Person to call the transaction before contractual maturity as referred in Rule 4.13.15 would be, for example, a situation wherein there is a step-up in cost in conjunction with a call feature or where the effective cost of cover remains the same even if credit quality remains the same or increases.

149

PRU VER17.290725

On-balance sheet Netting

4.13.17

(1)

An Authorised Person may recognise as eligible the Netting of an on-balance sheet Exposure against an offsetting on-balance sheet item if the related Netting agreement meets the condition in Rule 4.13.19.

(2)

Eligibility for Netting is limited to reciprocal cash balances between the Authorised Person and its Counterparty. Only loans and Deposits of the Authorised Person may be subject to a modification of their Credit RWAs as a result of an on-balance sheet Netting agreement.

4.13.18

(1)

Assets (loans) and liabilities (Deposits) subject to recognised on-balance sheet Netting are to be treated as cash Collateral using the formula in A4.3.6, under which an Authorised Person may use zero haircuts for Exposure and Collateral.

(2)

When a currency mismatch exists, an Authorised Person must apply the standard supervisory haircut of 8% for currency mismatch.

(3)

When a Maturity Mismatch exists between the off-setting items, an Authorised Person must apply the Rules 4.13.14 to 4.13.16 to address the Maturity Mismatch.

(4)

Net credit Exposure, after taking into account recognised Netting, will be subject to the applicable CRW for the Counterparty.

4.13.19 For an Authorised Person to recognise an on-balance sheet Netting agreement for the purposes of Rule 4.13.17, all of the following conditions must be satisfied:

(1)

(a)

both the on-balance sheet Exposure (asset) and the offsetting on-balance sheet item (liability) are owing between the Authorised Person and the same Counterparty;

(b)

the Authorised Person nets the on-balance sheet Exposure (asset) and the offsetting on-balance sheet item (liability) in a way that is consistent with its legal rights against the Counterparty;

(c)

a legal right of set-off exists;

(d)

the agreement between the Authorised Person and the Counterparty does not contain a Walkaway Clause;

(e)

the Netting provided for in the agreement between the Authorised Person and the Counterparty is effective and enforceable in the event of default, bankruptcy, liquidation or other similar circumstances affecting either the Counterparty or the Authorised Person;

(f)

the on-balance sheet Exposure (asset) and the offsetting on-balance sheet item (liability) are monitored, controlled and managed on a net basis; and

150

PRU VER17.290725

(g)

the potential for