 and 50%, then the applicable risk

130

PRU VER17.290725

weight is 20%. If the external credit assessments map into Credit Quality Grades with risk weights of 20%, 50% and 50%, then the applicable risk weight is 50%.

4.11.6

An Authorised Person must not recognise the effects of CRM if such mitigation is already reflected in the issue-specific external credit assessment of the CR Exposure.

4.11.7 Where a CR Exposure has an issue-specific external credit assessment from an ECAI, an Authorised Person must use such assessment. Where a CR Exposure does not have an issue-specific external credit assessment, an Authorised Person must:

(a)

if there is an issue-specific external credit assessment for another Exposure to the same obligor, use the issue-specific assessment for the other Exposure only if the Exposure without an issue-specific assessment ranks pari passu with or is senior to the Exposure with the issue-specific assessment;

(b)

if the obligor has an Issuer external credit assessment, use the Issuer assessment of the obligor only if the Exposure without an issue-specific assessment ranks pari passu with or is senior to any unsecured claim that is not subordinated to any other claim on the obligor; or

(c)

in all other cases, apply a risk weight equal to the higher of the risk weight that is applicable to an unrated Exposure and the risk weight associated with the external credit assessment, if any, of the obligor or another Exposure to the same obligor.

4.11.8 Where a CR Exposure is risk-weighted in accordance with Rules 4.11.7(a) or (b), an Authorised Person may use a domestic currency external credit assessment only if the CR Exposure is denominated in that domestic currency.

4.11.9

An Authorised Person may use an external credit assessment to risk weight a CR Exposure only if the external credit assessment has taken into account and reflects the entire amount of Credit Risk Exposure the Authorised Person has with regard to all payments owed to it.

4.11.10 An Authorised Person must not use unsolicited external credit assessments to assign

any CR Exposure to a Credit Quality Grade, unless:

(a)

it has assessed the quality of the unsolicited external credit assessments that it intends to use and is satisfied that these are comparable in performance with solicited external credit assessments and maintains relevant records and documents to be made available to the Regulator upon request; and

(b)

it uses unsolicited external credit assessments consistently for each type of Exposures, for both risk weighting and risk management purposes.

4.12

Risk weights

4.12.1

An Authorised Person with a CR Exposure must:

131

PRU VER17.290725

(a)

for a CR Exposure that is not past due for more than 90 days, determine the applicable risk weight in accordance with Rules 4.12.2 to 4.12.23;

(b)

for a CR Exposure that is past due for more than 90 days, determine the applicable risk weight in accordance with Rules 4.12.24 to 4.12.26; and

(c)

for a CR Exposure arising from an Unsettled Transaction, determine the Credit RWA in accordance with Rules A4.6.5 to A4.6.8.

Guidance

Where a CR Exposure which is not past due has a Credit Quality Grade which corresponds to a risk weight of 150%, an Authorised Person may apply the appropriate treatment and risk weights set out in Rules 4.12.24 to 4.12.26.

Cash items

4.12.2

Subject to Rule 4.12.3, an Authorised Person may apply a 0% risk weight to any CR Exposure categorised as a cash item.

4.12.3

An Authorised Person must apply a 20% risk weight to cheques, drafts and other items drawn on other banking institutions that are either payable immediately upon presentation or that are in the process of collection.

Central government and central bank asset class

4.12.4

Subject to Rules 4.12.5, an Authorised Person must risk-weight any CR Exposure in the central government and central bank asset class in accordance with the table below.

Risk weights for the central government and central bank asset class

Credit Quality Grade Risk Weight

