 Originator or Sponsor of a securitisation, the Credit RWA amounts calculated for its securitisation positions may be limited to the RWA amounts which would be calculated for the SE Exposures had they not been securitised subject to the presumed application of a 150% risk weight to all past due items and items belonging to regulatory high risk categories.

4.14.34 Not currently in use.

4.14.35 Not currently in use.

Exceptions to deduction of unrated securitisation Exposures

4.14.36

In accordance with the tables under Rule 4.14.31, all unrated securitisation positions must be deducted or risk weighted at 1000% with the following exceptions:

(a)

most senior Exposure in a securitisation;

(b)

Exposures that are in a second loss position or better of an ABCP and meet the requirements of Rule 4.14.41; and

(c)

eligible liquidity positions.

Most senior Exposure in a securitisation

(1)

Where an Authorised Person holds or guarantees unrated securitisation Exposure from the most senior tranche in a securitisation, the Authorised Person may apply the "look through" treatment, provided the composition of the underlying pool of Exposures securitised is known at all times and the Authorised Person is able to determine the applicable risk weights for the underlying Exposures.

(2)

An Authorised Person applying the look-through treatment to an unrated securitisation Exposure, pursuant to (1), must apply to that securitisation Exposure the weighted average of the risk weights of the underlying Exposures determined in accordance with the Rules in this Chapter, multiplied by a concentration factor.

(3)

For the purposes of (2), the concentration factor is calculated as the sum of the nominal amounts of all the tranches in that securitisation divided by the sum of the nominal amounts of the tranches junior to, or pari-passu with, the tranche in which the position is held, including that tranche itself. The resulting weighted average risk weight must not be higher than 1000% or lower than the risk weight applicable to a more senior tranche which is rated.

160

PRU VER17.290725

(4)

Where the Authorised Person is unable to determine the risk weights for the underlying Exposures the unrated securitisation position will not be eligible for the relief and must be deducted from CET 1 Capital of the Authorised Person.

in accordance with

this Rule,

4.14.37 An Authorised Person wishing to apply the treatment referred to in Rule 4.14.37 must notify the Regulator, in writing, at least 30 days in advance, of the intention to adopt this treatment. The notification should include the treatments being adopted and the weightings applied under the provision.

4.14.38 The resulting weighted average risk weight must not be higher than 1000% or lower

than the risk weight applicable to a more senior tranche which is rated.

4.14.39 An Authorised Person must have systems and controls in place to monitor effectively the composition of Exposures where the look-through provision has been applied on an ongoing basis.

Exposures that are in a second loss position or better of an ABCP

4.14.40 An Authorised Person may apply a risk weight of 100% or the highest risk weight assigned to any of the underlying Exposures in the ABCP Programme, whichever is higher, to an unrated securitisation Exposure arising from the ABCP Programme, provided the securitisation position complies with the following conditions:

(a)

the subject securitisation Exposure must be in a tranche which is economically in a second loss position or better and the First Loss Position must provide meaningful credit protection to the second loss tranche;

(b)

the associated Credit Risk of the securitisation Exposure is the equivalent of a Credit Quality Grade of III or better in the short-term rating category; and

(c)

the Authorised Person must not hold a position in the First Loss Position.

Eligible liquidity positions

4.14.41 An Authorised Person providing an unrated eligible liquidity facility may assign to the resulting securitisation Exposure the highest risk weight that would be applied to any