 Counterparty’s situation has improved so that the full repayment of the Exposure is likely, according to the original or, when applicable, modified conditions; and

d.

the Exposure is not “impaired” according to the applicable accounting framework.

5.

An Exposure may not be re-categorised as performing in the following situations:

a.

a partial write-off of an existing non-performing exposure, including where an Authorised Person writes off the part of a non-performing exposure that it deems to be uncollectible;

b.

the repossession of collateral on a non-performing exposure, until the collateral is actually disposed of and the Authorised Person realises the proceeds (when the exposure is kept on-balance sheet, it is deemed to be non-performing); or

c.

an extension or granting of forbearance measures to an Exposure that has already been identified as non-performing.

4.5.5

An Authorised Person must have detailed policies, processes and resources for managing problem Exposures which address the following:

(a)

monitoring of such Exposures and early identification of credit quality deterioration;

(b)

review of classification of problem Exposures; and

(c)

ongoing oversight of problem Exposures, and for collecting on past due obligations.

4.5.6

(1)

An Authorised Person must ensure that each and every Exposure which qualifies as a Large Exposure and is classified as an impaired asset or non-performing Exposure is managed individually. This includes valuation, classification and provisioning for such Exposures on an individual item basis.

117

PRU VER17.290725

(2)

In addition, Authorised Persons must consider whether other significant Exposures, which may not necessarily qualify as a Large Exposure, should also be managed on an individual basis. Authorised Persons are responsible for documenting the criteria used to identify significant Exposures that are to be managed individually and for defining thresholds relevant to their financial or operational capacity to manage or absorb such risk.

4.5.7

(1)

involving refinancing or granting forbearance Any Evergreening exercise measures to Exposures in arrears must not result in their being classified into a category associated with better performance. In particular, impaired credits or non-performing exposures cannot be refinanced or granted forbearance with the aim of classifying them in the standard or special mention categories.

(2)

Forbearance occurs when:

(a)

a Counterparty is experiencing financial difficulty in meeting its financial commitments; and

(b)

the Authorised Person grants a concession that it would not otherwise consider, whether or not the concession is at the discretion of the Authorised Person and/or the Counterparty.

Guidance

For the purposes of Rule 4.5.4A and 4.5.7(2), an Authorised Person should consider the BCBS Guidelines on the Prudential treatment of problem assets – definitions of non-performing exposures and forbearance. These guidelines provide examples of possible indicators of financial difficulty with respect to forbearance, guidance on what constitutes a concession, criteria for exit from a forborne exposure category and guidance on the interaction of forbearance with non-performing exposures.

4.5.8

An Authorised Person's provisioning policy must specify the following minimum provisioning requirements:

(a)

for substandard assets – 20% of the unsecured portion of the credit;

(b)

for doubtful assets – 50% of the unsecured portion of the credit; and

(c)

for loss assets – 100% of the unsecured portion of the credit.

Guidance

The above provisioning requirements are the minimum level of provisions that the relevant Authorised Person must hold.

4.5.9

An Authorised Person must, on a periodic basis, at a minimum monthly frequency, review its problem Exposures (at an individual level or at a portfolio level for credits with

118

PRU VER17.290725

homogeneous characteristics) and review the asset classification, provisioning and write-offs for each of those problem Exposures.

PART 3 - CRCOM

4.6

Application

Guidance

1.

As indicated in Rule 4.1.1, this Chapter 4 (including this Part 3) applies to Authorised Persons in Categories 1, 2, 3A and 5. However, the provisions in this part are applied