s are commonly used as financing vehicles in which Exposures are sold to a trust or similar entity in exchange for cash or other assets funded by debt issued by the trust.

Specific Risk

The risk that losses on an Authorised Person's net long or short position in an individual equity or Security may arise from a negative or positive price movement of that equity or Security relative to the relevant market generally.

Sponsor

An Authorised Person that repackages third party assets directly into a securitisation scheme. Where an Authorised Person repackages non-investment Grade third party assets, it may fall within the definition of an Originator unless it originates or repackages no more than 10% of the scheme's total assets.

Standardised Approach The manner in which the Operational Risk Capital in accordance with

Requirement Sections 6.11 and A7.2.

is calculated

Stored Value

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

37

in

PRU VER17.290725

Stored Value Provider

Structured Product

Subsidiary

Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP)

Synthetic Securitisation

T

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Means an instrument comprising rights under a contract where:

(a)

the gain or loss of each party to the contract is ultimately determined by reference to the fluctuations in the value or price of property of any description, an index, interest rate, exchange rate or a combination of any of these as specified for that purpose in the contract ("the underlying factor") and is not leveraged upon such fluctuations;

(b)

the gain or loss of each party is wholly settled by cash or set-off between the parties;

(c)

each party contingent Counterparty; and

is not exposed to any to any other liabilities

(d)

there available public information in relation to the underlying factor;

is

readily

but excludes any rights under an instrument:

(e) where one or more of the parties takes delivery of any property to which the contract relates;

(f) which is a Debenture; or

(g) which is a Contract of Insurance.

Has the meaning given to the term in the Companies Regulations.

The supervisory review and evaluation process prescribed in Chapter 10.

Has the meaning given in Rule 4.14.2(b).

Trade date, which is the date on which a transaction is entered into.

38

PRU VER17.290725

T1

T1 Capital

T2

T2 Capital

Theta

Total Return Swap

Total Risk Exposure Amount

Trade Exposure

Trading Book

Traditional Securitisation

Trust Administration Services

Tier 1.

Has the meaning given in Rule 3.9.1.

Tier 2.

Has the meaning given in Rule 3.12.1.

The ratio of the change in an Option price to the decrease in time to expiration. Theta can also be referred to as time decay.

A contract under which two parties exchange their positive or negative returns on a notional amount of a reference asset for a specified period of time.

Has the meaning given in Rule 3.5.7.

Means a current exposure, including a variation margin due to the clearing member or to the Client, but not yet received, and any potential future exposure of a clearing member or a Client to a CCP arising from Derivatives, SFTs or long settlement transactions, as well as initial margin.

The positions and Exposures including on and off-balance sheet items eligible for inclusion in the Trading Book, as described in Section 2.2.

Has the meaning given in Rule 4.14.2(a).

The provision of Trust Administration Services include:

(a)

the keeping of Accounting Records relating to an express trust and the preparation of trust accounts;

(b)

the preparation of trust instruments or other documents relating to an express trust;

(c)

the management and administration of trust assets subject to an express trust;

39

PRU VER17.290725

Trust Deed

Trustee

Undertaking

Underwriting

Unit

Unitholder

Unrestricted PSIA (PSIAu)

(d) dealing with trust assets subject to an express trust, including the investment, transfer and disposal of such assets;

(e)

the distribution of trust assets subject to an express trust; and

(f)

the payment of expenses or remuneration out of an express trust.

A deed entered into by a