 an Authorised Person using the FCSA: Unsecured Portion = E – P – Cf

where:

(i)

E = E calculated in accordance with Section 4.9;

(ii)

P = notional amount of eligible credit protection received; and

(iii)

Cf = fair value of eligible financial Collateral received; or

(b)

for an Authorised Person using the FCCA:

Unsecured Portion = E*– P

where:

(i)

E* = E* calculated in accordance with Section 4.9; and

(ii)

P = notional amount of eligible credit protection received.

4.12.26 An Authorised Person must apply a 100% risk weight to any CR Exposure in the

residential mortgage asset class that is past due for more than 90 days.

4.13

Credit Risk mitigation

137

PRU VER17.290725

Guidance

This Section sets out the principles and methodologies for the recognition of CRM in the calculation of Credit RWA.

General Requirements

4.13.1

(1)

An Authorised Person may not recognise the effects of CRM unless:

(a)

all documentation relating to that mitigation is binding on all relevant parties and legally enforceable in all relevant jurisdictions; and

(b)

the Authorised Person complies with the Rules set out in this Section, as applicable.

(2)

Where the calculation of Credit RWA already takes into account the Credit Risk mitigant, the provisions of this Section do not apply.

Guidance

An Authorised Person should conduct sufficient legal review to verify this and have a well-founded legal basis to reach this conclusion, and undertake such further review as necessary to ensure continuing enforceability. The review should cover relevant jurisdictions such as the jurisdiction whose law governs the credit protection or Collateral agreement and the jurisdiction whose law governs the transaction subject to the credit protection or Collateral agreement. There should be sufficient written documentary evidence to adequately support the conclusion drawn and rebut any legal challenge. While an Authorised Person may use either in-house or external legal counsel, it should consider whether or not in-house counsel opinion is appropriate. The senior management of the Authorised Person should ensure that an officer of the Authorised Person who is legally qualified and independent of the parties originating the transaction reviews the legal opinion and confirms that he is satisfied that an adequate review has been completed and that he agrees with the conclusions drawn. The Regulator may request a copy of any documentation to support the CRM used by the Authorised Person.

4.13.2 Where an Authorised Person uses multiple CRM for a single Exposure, the Authorised Person must divide the Exposure into portions covered by each mitigation and must calculate the Credit Risk-weighted Exposure amount of each portion separately. An Authorised Person must apply the same approach when recognising eligible credit protection by a single protection provider where the eligible credit protection has differing maturities.

4.13.3

(1)

An Authorised Person must take all appropriate steps to ensure the effectiveness of the CRM arrangements it employs and to address related risks.

(2)

Where an Authorised Person reduces or transfers Credit Risk by the use of CRM, an Authorised Person must employ appropriate and effective policies

138

PRU VER17.290725

and procedures to identify and control other risks which arise as a consequence of the transfer.

Guidance

1.

The use of techniques to reduce or transfer Credit Risk may simultaneously increase other risks (residual risks) which include legal, operational, liquidity and Market Risks. The Regulator expects an Authorised Person to employ methods to identify and control these risks, including:

a.

strategy;

b.

consideration of the underlying credit;

c.

valuation;

d.

policies and procedures;

e.

systems;

f.

control of roll-off risks; and

g.

management of any Large Exposures and other concentration risks, e.g. sectoral or geographic, arising from the use of CRM and the interaction of such risk with the overall Credit Risk profile of the Authorised Person.

2.

In order to fulfil the above, an Authorised Person should ensure a clearly articulated strategy for the use of CRM as an intrinsic part of the general credit strategy of an Authorised Person.

3.

Where an Exposure is subject to CRM, credit managers should continue to assess the Exposure on the basis of the obligor's creditworthiness. Credit managers should obtain and analyse sufficient financial information to