 conduct any one or more of the Regulated Activities specified under Categories 2, 3A, 3B, 3C or 4 (if authorised to do so). However, a Category 4 firm may only conduct the Regulated Activities listed under Category 4, given that is the Category for which it is authorised.

Category 1

1.3.1

An Authorised Person is in Category 1 if:

(a) (a)

its Financial Services Permission authorises it to carry on one or more of the Regulated Activities of Accepting Deposits or Managing a Profit Sharing Investment Account which is a PSIAu; and

(b) (b)

it does not meet the criteria of Category 5.

Guidance

A Category 1 Authorised Person may be authorised to conduct other Regulated Activities, but it is the authorisation for Accepting Deposits or Managing a Profit Sharing Investment Account which is a PSIAu that is determinative of its belonging to Category 1.

Category 2

Guidance

1.

A Category 2 Authorised Person may be authorised to conduct other Regulated Activities, but it is the authorisation for Dealing in Investments as Principal (not only as a Matched Principal) or Providing Credit, and the absence of authorisation for the activities specified in Rule 1.3.1, that are determinative of its belonging to Category 2.

42

PRU VER17.290725

2. Where the dealing activities of a firm are limited to acting only as Matched Principal, the activities fall in the scope of Category 3A in accordance with Rule 1.3.3(1). A definition of "Matched Principal" is in Rule 1.3.3(2).

1.3.2

An Authorised Person is in Category 2 if:

(a)

its Financial Services Permission authorises it to carry on one or both of the Regulated Activities of Providing Credit or Dealing in Investments as Principal (not as Matched Principal);

(b)

its dealing activities are not limited in scope as provided in Rule 1.3.3(1)(a)(i); and

(c)

it does not meet the criteria of Categories 1 or 5.

Category 3A

Guidance

A Category 3A Authorised Person may be authorised to conduct other Regulated Activities, but it is the authorisation for Dealing in Investments as Agent and the absence of authorisation for the activities specified in Rules 1.3.1 and 1.3.2 that are determinative of its belonging to Category 3A. Provided that an Authorised Person carries out the Regulated Activity of Dealing in Investments as Agent in a manner that is wholly incidental to the activity of Managing an Investment Fund or Managing Assets, the Authorised Person shall be regarded as falling within Category 3C.

1.3.3

(1) An Authorised Person is in Category 3A if:

(a)

its Financial Services Permission authorises it to carry on one or more of the Regulated Activities of:

(i)

Dealing in Investments as Principal (where it does so only as a Matched Principal); or

(ii)

Dealing in Investments as Agent; and

(b)

it does not meet the criteria of Categories 1, 2 or 5.

(2) For the purposes of these Rules, an Authorised Person Deals in Investments as a

"Matched Principal" if:

(a)

it enters into transactions as a principal only for the purpose of fulfilling its Clients' orders;

(b)

it holds positions for its own account ("positions") only as a result of a failure to match Clients' orders;

(c)

the total market value of the positions it holds is no more than 15% of the Firm's Tier 1 Capital Resources; and

43

PRU VER17.290725

(d)

the positions are incidental in nature and are strictly limited to the time reasonably required to carry out a transaction of that nature.

Category 3B

1.3.4

An Authorised Person is in Category 3B if:

(a)

its Financial Services Permission authorises it to carry on one or more of the Regulated Activities of:

(i) Providing Custody (where it does so for a Fund); or

(ii) Acting as the Trustee of an Investment Trust; and

(b)

