 Method

Maturity Mismatch

MDB

The amount expressed as a percentage value that is calculated in accordance with Rule 9.3.4 and section A10.2 of App10.

For the purposes of liquidity, an assessment of the short-term liquidity of an Authorised Person.

The risk that an Authorised Person, although solvent, either does not have available sufficient financial resources to enable it to meet its obligations as they fall due, or can secure such resources only at excessive cost.

Means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 59 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 64(2) of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 56 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Means a type of Professional Client specified under COBS 2.5.

The risk of loss that arises from fluctuations in the values of assets or in interest or exchange rates.

The requirement calculated in accordance with Rule 5.3.1.

Has the meaning described in Rule 1.3.3(2).

A table that ordinally ranks the maturity time bands and assets and liabilities within them.

This is an advanced approach that an Authorised Person may use to measure the risk of holding or taking positions in debt Securities and other interest rate-related instruments, calculated in accordance with Rule A6.2.17.

For the purposes of credit risk mitigation, a difference between the maturity of an asset and that of the corresponding liability.

Multilateral development bank.

28

PRU VER17.290725

Minority interests

Modified Duration

Money

Multilateral Trading Facility (MTF)

MV

Net Stable Funding Ratio

Netting

Non-QCCP

Non-Trading Book

NSFR

NSFR Requirement

Operating a Collective Investment Fund

Capital invested in a Subsidiary that is owned by other shareholders from outside the Financial Group.

The time period calculation for the purposes of the Duration Method in accordance with Rule A6.2.21.

Any form of money, including cheques and other payable orders.

Means a system which brings together multiple third party buying and selling interests in Investments, in accordance with its non-discretionary rules, in a way that results in respect of such Investments.

in a contract

Market value.

The amount of Available Stable Funding relative to the amount of Required Stable Funding.

A process by which the claims and obligations between two Counterparties are offset against each other to leave a single net sum.

Means a CCP that is not a QCCP.

Describes positions, Exposures and on-and off-balance sheet items, which are not in the Trading Book.

Net Stable Funding Ratio.

The requirement for an Authorised Firm to maintain a minimum NSFR under Rule 9.3.12 or, if applicable, Rule 9.3.14.

(1) Means:

(a) being

the Unitholders the management of the property held for or within a Fund under the Fund's Constitution; and

legally accountable the Fund

to for

in

(b)

establishing, managing or otherwise operating or winding up a Collective Investment Fund.

(2) To the extent that any activity under (1) constitutes Managing Assets, Acting as the

29

PRU VER17.290725

Operating a Multilateral Trading Facility or Organised Trading Facility

Operational Risk

Operational Risk Capital Requirement

Option

Administrator of a Collective Investment Fund, Dealing in Investments as Agent, Dealing in Investments as Principal, Arranging Credit, Arranging Deals in Investments, or Providing Custody, such a Regulated Activity is taken to be incorporated within Managing a Collective Investment Fund.

(3) The Person referred to in (1) is a Fund Manager.

Means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 54 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

(1) Refers to the risk of incurring losses due to the failure of systems, processes, and personnel, whether internal or external to the Authorised Person, to perform expected tasks.

(2) Operational Risk losses also include losses

arising out of legal risk.

The requirement calculated in accordance with Section 6.11.

An Option is an instrument that confers on the holder, upon exercise, rights of the kind referred to in any of the following:

(a)

a right to acquire or dispose of:

(i)

a Security (other than a Warrant) based