ercyclical Capital Buffer

Counterparty

Counterparty Risk

CR Exposure

CRCOM

Credit Derivative

Credit Enhancement

Credit Facility

(c) which is in the form of a Partnership, the

partnership deed; or

(d)

adopting a form other than one specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) of this definition, an instrument creating the legal form of the Fund to which the Fund Manager is a party setting out provisions relating to any aspect of the operation or management of the Fund.

Early Amortisation that meets the conditions in Rule 4.14.58.

Means the capital buffer requirements as applied in Section 3.18.

Means any Person with or for whom an Authorised Person carries on, or intends to carry on, any regulated business or associated business. In this context, Counterparty individual, unincorporated body, company, government, local authority or other public body.

includes an

The risk that an Authorised Person's Counterparty does not perform its obligations under the terms of a contract.

The Exposure value or amount arising from a Credit Risk Exposure.

Credit Risk Capital Requirement.

Any contract which transfers the Credit Risk of a reference obligation or set of reference obligations from the protection buyer to the protection seller, such that the protection seller has an Exposure to the reference obligation(s).

A contractual arrangement in which the Authorised Person retains or assumes an SE Exposure and, in substance, provides some degree of added protection to other parties to the transaction.

Any facility which includes any arrangement or agreement which extends monetary credit whether funded or unfunded to a Person including but not limited to any loan or syndicated loan, mortgage, overdraft, financial lease, letter of credit, financial

16

PRU VER17.290725

Credit Quality Grade

Credit Rating Agency

Credit Risk

Credit Risk Capital Requirement

Credit-Enhancing Interest-Only Strip

Credit Valuation Adjustment

CRM

CRW

CV

CVA

CVA Risk Capital Requirement

Dealing in Investments as Agent

Dealing in Investments as Principal

Debenture

guarantee, trade project finance or asset finance.

finance,

transaction

finance,

A credit quality step in a credit quality assessment scale. A credit quality assessment scale is a scale to which the credit assessments of an ECAI are mapped.

A Person carrying on in or from ADGM the Regulated Activity of Operating a Credit Rating Agency for which it has an authorisation under its Financial Services Permission.

Means, in relation to an Authorised Person, the risk of loss if another party fails to perform on its financial obligation to the Authorised Person.

The credit risk capital requirement calculated in accordance with Section 4.6.

An on-balance sheet asset that:

(a)

represents a valuation of cash flows related to future margin income; and

(b)

is subordinated.

Has the meaning given in App5.

Credit risk mitigation.

Credit risk weight for an Exposure.

Contracted value for delivery.

Credit Valuation Adjustment.

Means the requirement calculated in accordance with App5.

Means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 12 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 4 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Means an instrument creating or acknowledging indebtedness, whether secured or not, but excludes:

17

PRU VER17.290725

Delta

Deposit

Derivative or Derivative Contract

Director

Displaced Commercial Risk Capital Requirement

Domestic Firm

(a)

an instrument creating or acknowledging indebtedness for, or for Money borrowed to defray, the consideration payable under a contract for the supply of goods or services;

(b)

a cheque or other bill of exchange, a banker's draft or a letter of credit (but not a bill of exchange accepted by a banker);

(c)

a banknote, a statement showing a balance on a bank account, or a lease or other disposition of property; and

(d)

a Contract of Insurance.

The measure of an Option's sensitivity to a change in value of the underlying Investment, asset or property.

Has the meaning given in paragraph 85 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Means Specified falling within paragraphs 94 to 96 of Schedule 1 of FSMR or, so far as relevant to such investments, any investment falling within paragraph 98 or 99 of that Schedule.

Investments

(1)

In relation to an Undertaking established under the Companies Regulations