 Pillar 3 of the Basel Accord are covered in Chapter 11.

3.

Part 1 of this Chapter sets out the application provisions. Part 2 of this Chapter outlines the fundamental capital adequacy obligations and the systems and controls requirements to ensure compliance with this critical regulatory obligation. Part 3 of this Chapter and the related App4 include the Rules and associated guidance for the calculation of minimum Capital Requirement for different Categories of Authorised Persons. Additionally, this Part also includes requirements for the maintenance of liquid assets by firms subject to the Expenditure Based Capital Minimum. Part 4 of this Chapter specifies detailed Rules on the calculation of Capital Resources of an Authorised Person, including detailed Rules on the eligibility criteria for different components of Capital Resources which correspond to varying levels of quality. This part also specifies the requirements in respect of the Capital Conservation Buffer and associated obligations.

4.

App3 provides guidance on various aspects of stress and scenario testing which are to be considered by an Authorised Person to assist it in complying effectively with the Rules in this Chapter.

PART 1– Application

3.1

Application

3.1.1

The Parts, Sections and Rules in this Chapter apply to an Authorised Person as stated in those provisions.

50

PRU VER17.290725

Guidance

1.

Part 2 (Basic Requirements) of this Chapter imposes a number of basic requirements, including the following core requirements:

a.

for an Authorised Person in Category 1, 2, 3A or 5, the components of its Capital Resources should at all times equal or exceed the thresholds specified in Section 3.16; and

b.

for an Authorised Person in Category 3B, 3C or 4, its Capital Resources should at all times equal or exceed the amount of its Capital Requirement.

2.

In particular, note that:

a.

Part 3 (Calculating Capital Requirements) applies to all firms, but with differentiated calculations for the Capital Requirement for the various Categories of Authorised Persons, as prescribed in Sections 3.4 and 3.6;

b.

Part 4 (Calculating Capital Resources) applies to all firms; and

c.

within Part 4, an exemption from the calculation of T2 Capital in relation to firms authorised to Manage a Profit Sharing Investment Account which is a PSIAu is prescribed in Rule 3.12.9.

PART 2– Basic Requirements

3.2

Application

3.2.1

In this Section the Rules apply to an Authorised Person in any Category as follows:

(a)

Rule 3.2.2 applies to an Authorised Person operating as a Branch; and

(b)

Rules 3.2.3 to 3.2.5 apply to an Authorised Person operating as a Domestic Firm.

Branches – general requirements

3.2.2

An Authorised Person that is a Branch must:

(a)

ensure that it has and maintains, at all times, liquid assets and access to financial resources which are adequate in relation to the nature, size and complexity of its business both as to amount and quality to ensure that there is no significant risk that liabilities cannot be met as they fall due;

(b)

ensure that it complies at all times with its Home State Regulator's prudential requirements;

51

PRU VER17.290725

(c)

submit to the Regulator a copy of every capital adequacy summary report and Leverage Ratio report submitted to its Home State Regulator within ten business days of the due date for submission to that regulator; and

(d)

in the event of any anticipated or actual breach of any prudential requirements set by its Home State Regulator, notify the Regulator immediately with any relevant documents.

Domestic Firms – adequate capital resources

3.2.3

An Authorised Person that is a Domestic Firm must have, at all times, Capital Resources which equal or exceed the amount of its Capital Requirement.

Guidance

The specific Capital Requirements for the various Categories of Authorised Persons that are Domestic Firms are dealt with in Sections 3.4 and 3.6.

Domestic Firms – maintaining capital resources

3.2.4

An Authorised Person that is a Domestic Firm must:

(a)

have and maintain, at all times, Capital Resources of the types and amounts specified in, and calculated in accordance with, these Rules