the agreement between the Authorised Person and the Counterparty does not contain a Walkaway Clause;

(e)

the Netting provided for in the agreement between the Authorised Person and the Counterparty is effective and enforceable in the event of default, bankruptcy, liquidation or other similar circumstances affecting either the Counterparty or the Authorised Person;

(f)

the on-balance sheet Exposure (asset) and the offsetting on-balance sheet item (liability) are monitored, controlled and managed on a net basis; and

150

PRU VER17.290725

(g)

the potential for roll-off Exposure is monitored and controlled where there is a Maturity Mismatch; and

(2)

it has, in respect of each relevant jurisdiction, a written and reasoned legal opinion which:

(a)

has been provided by an external source of legal advice of appropriate professional standing;

(b)

confirms that the requirements of (1)(a)-(e) are met for all relevant jurisdictions; and

(c)

is kept under review to ensure that it remains correct and up to date in the event of changes to the relevant laws.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Person should assess whether any qualifications, assumptions legal opinion cast doubt upon the or reservations contained enforceability of the Netting agreement. If, as a result of the qualifications, assumptions or reservations, there is material doubt about the enforceability of the agreement, the Authorised Person should assume that the requirements for Netting have not been met.

in the

2.

An Authorised Person using a standard form Netting agreement and a supporting legal opinion should ensure that the relevant requirements in Rules 4.13.17 to 4.13.19 are met. A standard form Netting agreement is a form of agreement which is prepared by a reputable, internationally recognised industry association and is supported by its own legal opinion. Where additional clauses are added to a standard form Netting agreement, the Authorised Person should satisfy itself that the amended Netting agreement continues to meet the legal and contractual requirements in Rules 4.13.17 to 4.13.19. For instance, in such cases, an Authorised Person may wish to obtain in a second legal opinion to confirm that the relevant requirements Rules 4.13.17 to 4.13.19 are still satisfied.

3.

App4 sets out the calculation of the PFCE arising from OTC Derivative contracts, on a net basis.

4.14

Securitisation

Application

4.14.1

This Section applies to an Authorised Person which:

(a)

acts as an Originator in a securitisation;

(b)

transfers Credit Risk on a single item or on a pool of items by any of the legal transfer methods set out in Rule A4.10.1;

151

PRU VER17.290725

(c)

acts as a Sponsor in a securitisation; or

(d)

provides Credit Enhancement, liquidity support, or Underwriting or dealing facilities relating to the items being transferred.

Interpretation

4.14.2

For the purposes of this Chapter and App4, "securitisation" includes Traditional Securitisation, Synthetic Securitisation and Re-securitisation, as defined below:

(a)

A Traditional Securitisation is a structure where the cash flow from an underlying pool of Exposures is used to service at least two different stratified risk positions or tranches reflecting different degrees of Credit Risk. Payments to the investors depend upon the performance of the specified underlying Exposures, as opposed to being derived from an obligation of the entity originating those Exposures. A Traditional Securitisation will generally assume the movement of assets off balance sheet.

(b)

A Synthetic Securitisation is a structure with at least two different stratified risk positions or tranches that reflect different degrees of Credit Risk where Credit Risk of an underlying pool of Exposures is transferred, in whole or in part, through the use of funded (e.g. CLNs) or unfunded (e.g. credit default swaps) Credit Derivatives or guarantees that serve to hedge the Credit Risk of the portfolio. Accordingly, the investors' potential risk is dependent upon the performance of the underlying pool. A Synthetic Securitisation may or may not involve the removal of assets off balance sheet.

(c)

A Re-securitisation Exposure is a