 to an individual or a group of individuals, or if the Exposure is to an entity other than an individual, the Authorised Person can demonstrate to the Regulator (if required to do so) that it has robust processes to ascertain that the Exposure is structured to replicate the risk profile of an Exposure to an individual or a group of individuals and that it is able to identify and manage the legal risks that arise in such structures;

(ii)

the Exposure is secured against a first lien mortgage:

(A)

of a completed residential property; or

(B)

on an exceptional basis of an uncompleted residential property in a jurisdiction approved by the Regulator;

(iii)

the Exposure is not classified as an impaired asset in accordance with these Rules; and

(iv)

the Exposure is not to a corporation, Partnership, sole proprietorship or Trustee in respect of a trust where such corporation, Partnership, sole proprietorship or trust in residential building, development or management;

is engaged

the commercial real estate asset class, which consists of any CR Exposure meeting all of the following conditions:

(i)

the Exposure is to a corporation, Partnership, sole proprietorship or Trustee in respect of a trust; and

129

PRU VER17.290725

(ii)

the Exposure is secured by commercial real estate; or

(k)

other Exposures asset class, which consists of any CR Exposure which does not fall within any of the categories in sub-paragraphs (a) to (j).

Guidance

transactions settled on a The Exposures payment-versus-payment basis. For avoidance of doubt, the Regulator expects that a CR Exposure to a Securities firm should be categorised within the corporate asset class.

listed under

item

(f) include

4.11

Credit Quality Grades and External Credit Assessments

Guidance

This Section governs credit assessments of Exposures for the purpose of determining the CRW for Credit Risk (CR) Exposures as provided in Rule 4.8.3 and for securitisation (SE) Exposures as provided in Rule 4.8.4.

4.11.1 Where possible, an Authorised Person must assign a CR Exposure to a Credit Quality Grade based on the external credit assessment that is applicable to the CR Exposure in accordance with the tables mapping the ratings from an ECAI to Credit Quality Grades, as published by the Regulator.

4.11.2 CR Exposures with external credit assessments from external credit rating agencies that are not in the table mapping the ratings to the Credit Quality Grades must be assigned to the Credit Quality Grade associated with "unrated" Exposures.

4.11.3

An Authorised Person must only use an external credit assessment which is accessible to the public. An Authorised Person may not use a credit assessment that is made available only to the parties to a transaction.

4.11.4

An Authorised Person must only use external credit assessments by an ECAI for the purposes of mapping the ratings from that ECAI to Credit Quality Grades. The Regulator may impose conditions on the use of such external credit assessments.

4.11.5

An Authorised Person must use external credit assessments by an ECAI consistently for each type of Exposure, for both risk weighting and risk management purposes. Where an Authorised Person has two external credit assessments which map into different Credit Quality Grades, it must assign the CR Exposure to the Credit Quality Grade associated with the higher risk weight. Where an Authorised Person has three or more external credit assessments which map into two or more different Credit Quality Grades, it must assign the CR Exposure to the Credit Quality Grade associated with the higher of the two lowest risk weights.

Guidance

For illustration, if there are three external credit assessments mapping to Credit Quality Grades with risk weights of 0%, 20% and 50%, then the applicable risk

130

PRU VER17.290725

weight is 20%. If the external credit assessments map into Credit Quality Grades with risk weights of 20%, 50% and 50%, then the applicable risk weight is 50%.

4.11.6

An Authorised Person must not recognise the effects of CRM if such mitigation is already reflected in the issue-specific external credit assessment of the CR Exposure.

4.11.7 Where a CR Exposure has an issue-specific external credit assessment from an ECAI, an Authorised Person must use