 termed an Individual Capital Requirement (ICR), on an Authorised Person to hold additional Capital Resources arising from Pillar 2 adjustments (see Chapter 10), including where it designates an Authorised Person as a D-SIB. Where the Authorised Person has an ICR imposed on it, then the Authorised Person must, at all times, maintain adequate Capital Resources of the type and amount as specified in Rule 10.6.1 in addition to those kept to meet the capital adequacy requirements outlined in Rule 3.2.4.

3.17

Capital Conservation Buffer

3.17.1

This Section applies to an Authorised Person in Category 1, 2, or 5.

92

PRU VER17.290725

3.17.2 Where, pursuant to Section 3.4, the Risk Capital Requirement forms the Capital Requirement of an Authorised Person, then that Authorised Person is subject to a Capital Conservation Buffer requirement.

3.17.3

The Capital Conservation Buffer requirement is equivalent to 2.5% of the Total Risk Exposure Amount of an Authorised Person and must comprise only CET1 Capital.

3.17.4

(1)

An Authorised Person must maintain the required buffer amount, calculated in accordance with Rule 3.17.3, at all times.

(2)

The Capital Conservation Buffer requirement applies on both a solo and a consolidated basis, for Authorised Persons forming part of Financial Groups.

3.17.5

An Authorised Person must not use CET1 Capital that is kept to meet the Capital Conservation Buffer requirement towards meeting:

(a)

its Total Risk Exposure Amount; or

(b)

any Chapter 10.

Individual Capital Requirement as may be

imposed pursuant to

3.18

Countercyclical Capital Buffer

3.18.1

This Section applies to an Authorised Person in Category 1, 2 or 5.

3.18.2 Where, pursuant to Section 3.4, the Risk Capital Requirement forms the Capital Requirement of an Authorised Person, then it is subject to a Countercyclical Capital Buffer requirement.

3.18.3

(1)

An Authorised Person must maintain the required buffer amount as CET1 Capital at all times, as calculated in accordance with Rule 3.18.4.

(2)

The Countercyclical Capital Buffer requirement applies on both a solo and a consolidated basis, for Authorised Persons forming part of Financial Groups.

3.18.4

An Authorised Person must calculate a Countercyclical Capital Buffer of CET1 Capital equal to its Total Risk Exposure Amount, calculated in accordance with Rule 3.5.7, multiplied by the weighted average of the Countercyclical Capital Buffer rates that apply to exposures in the jurisdictions where the Authorised Person's private sector credit exposures are located, calculated in accordance with Rules 3.18.5 to 3.18.8.

Private sector credit exposures

3.18.5

Private sector credit exposures are those for which Credit RWAs have to be calculated in accordance with Chapter 4, other than those that fall into the following asset classes:

(a)

Central government and central bank.

(b)

Public Sector Entity.

93

PRU VER17.290725

(c)

Multilateral development bank (MDB).

(d)

International organisation.

(e)

bank.

Guidance

Exposures to banks with short-term credit assessments are not private sector credit exposures as they fall within the exempt asset class set out in Rule 3.18.5(e). However, exposures to non-bank entities with similar short-term credit assessments are private sector credit exposures for the purposes of Rule 3.18.5.

Weighted average of the Countercyclical Capital Buffer rates

3.18.6

The weighted average of the Countercyclical Capital Buffer rates shall be calculated by:

(a)

for each jurisdiction in which the Authorised Person has private sector credit exposures, dividing the Total Risk Exposure Amount that relates to the private sector credit exposures in that jurisdiction by the Total Risk Exposure Amount that relates to the Authorised Person's private sector credit exposures across all jurisdictions and multiplying it by the applicable Countercyclical Capital Buffer rate in that jurisdiction; and

(b)

summing those contributions across all jurisdictions.

Geographical location

3.18.7

For the purposes of the calculation of the weighted