aba income, before allocating the Mudarib's share, in order to maintain a certain level of investment returns for investment account holders and to increase owners' equity.

An account or portfolio managed:

(a)

in relation to property of any kind, including the currency of any country or territory, held for or within the account or portfolio;

(b)

in accordance with Shari'a and held out as such; and

(c)

under the term of an agreement whereby:

(i)

the investor agrees to share any profit with the manager of the in account accordance a predetermined specified percentage or ratio; and

or

portfolio with

32

PRU VER17.290725

(ii)

the investor agrees that he alone will bear any the absence of negligence or breach of contract.

losses

in

Providing Credit

Means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 48 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Providing Custody

Means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 43 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Providing Money Services

Means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 52 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Public Listed Company Has the meaning given in the Companies Regulations.

Public Sector Entity (PSE)

Means a body owned by a central or regional government or local authority, which performs regulatory and other non-commercial functions.

QCCP

Means an entity, deemed a qualifying central counterparty, that is licensed to operate as a CCP (including a licence granted by way of confirming an exemption), and is permitted by the appropriate regulator/overseer to operate as such. This is subject to the CCP being based and prudentially supervised in relevant regulator/overseer has established, and publicly indicated that it applies to the central counterparty on an ongoing basis, domestic rules and regulations that are consistent with the CPSS‐IOSCO Principles for Financial Market Infrastructures.

a

jurisdiction

where

the

The Regulator may, at its sole discretion, determine that a CCP that is established in a jurisdiction that does not apply the CPSS‐IOSCO Principles for Financial Market Infrastructures qualifies as a QCCP.

Qualifying Holding

Any holding in the capital of a non-financial Undertaking of which the Authorised Person is a Controller.

Recognised Body

Means a Recognised Investment Exchange or a Recognised Clearing House.

Recognised Clearing House

Means a clearing house which provides Clearing Services in relation to which a recognition order is in force under Part 12 of FSMR.

in the ADGM

33

PRU VER17.290725

Recognised Investment Exchange

Regulated Activity

Means an investment exchange in relation to which a recognition order is in force under Part 12 of FSMR.

An activity constitutes a Regulated Activity under these Rules where:

(1)

It is one of the activities below:

(a) Accepting Deposits;

(b) Providing Credit;

(c)

Providing Money Services;

(d) Dealing in Investments as Principal;

(e) Dealing in Investments as Agent;

(f)

Arranging Credit;

(g) Arranging Deals in Investments;

(h) Managing Assets;

(i)

Advising on Investments or Credit;

(j) Managing a Collective Investment Fund;

(k)

Providing Custody;

(l)

Arranging Custody;

(m) Effecting Contracts of Insurance;

(n) Carrying Out Contracts of Insurance as

Principal;

(o)

Insurance Intermediation;

(p)

Insurance Management;

(q) Managing a Profit Sharing Investment

Account;

(r)

Acting as Collective Investment Fund;

the Administrator of a

(s) Acting as the Trustee of an Investment

Trust;

34

PRU VER17.290725

Regulator

Related Person

Relevant Entity

Representative Office

Required Stable Funding

Re-securitisation

Re-securitisation Exposure

Restricted PSIA (PSIAr)

Retail Client

Revolving Securitisation

(t) Operating a Representative Office;

(u) Operating a Credit Rating Agency;

(v) Administering a Specified Benchmark;

(w) Operating a Multilateral Trading Facility or

Organised Trading Facility;

(x)

Providing Information in Relation to a Specified Benchmark; and

(y)

Shari’a-compliant Regulated Activities; and

(2) Such activity prescribed in (1) is carried on By

Way of Business.

Means the regulator of Regulated Activities in ADGM.

Has the meaning given in