 but there are other sources of Credit Risk such as:

a.

trade finance and acceptances;

b.

interbank transactions;

104

PRU VER17.290725

c.

commitments and guarantees;

d.

interest rate, foreign exchange and Credit Derivatives (including swaps, Options, forward rate agreements and financial Futures);

e.

bond and equity holdings; and

f.

settlement of transactions.

3.

The objective of the Credit Risk management system must be to ensure that every Authorised Person holds adequate capital to cover Credit Risk and absorb any potential losses arising from that risk. Since Authorised Persons need to provide credit as part of their usual business, this needs to be achieved by effectively managing the Credit Risk assumed by the Authorised Person as part of its credit business.

4.

Failure to manage Credit Risk effectively could cause an Authorised Person to face a situation of inadequate capital, which would threaten its safety and soundness. Such problems normally arise from:

a.

lax credit standards for borrowers and Counterparties;

b.

poor portfolio risk management; and

c.

failure to identify in good time changes in economic or other conditions that may impair the financial strength of borrowers and Counterparties.

5.

Therefore, it is essential for Authorised Persons involved in the business of Providing Credit to design, implement and maintain comprehensive and effective systems to manage Credit Risk.

4.3.2

The Credit Risk management framework of an Authorised Person must have at least the following principal elements effectively implemented to ensure that the Credit Risk Exposures of the Authorised Person are of a sufficiently good quality:

(a)

an appropriate Credit Risk environment, defined by a documented Credit Risk strategy and a documented Credit Risk policy;

(b)

application of the Credit Risk strategy and policy, where appropriate, on a consolidated basis and at the level of individual subsidiaries;

(c)

sound processes for assuming and managing Credit Risk;

(d)

prudent lending controls and limits, including policies and processes for monitoring Exposures in relation to limits, and approvals of exceptions to limits;

(e)

adequate appropriately skilled human resources to manage the Credit Risk function;

105

PRU VER17.290725

(f)

independence of credit approval and review functions from credit initiation functions to avoid any real or potential conflicts of interest;

(g)

prudent procedures for approving credits, defined by a documented credit procedures manual;

(h)

effective systems for credit administration, measurement and monitoring; and

(i)

adequate controls over Credit Risk.

4.3.3

(1)

An Authorised Person must ensure that its Governing Body retains responsibility for the Credit Risk management framework and ensure it is appropriate for the nature, scale and complexity of operations, in the context of prevailing market and macro-economic conditions.

(2)

An Authorised Person must ensure that its senior management, or an appropriate designated body, regularly reviews and understands the implications as well as the limitations of the risk management information that they receive from the Credit Risk management function, in order to evaluate the suitability and effectiveness of such information in enabling them to provide effective oversight over the Credit Risk management function.

(3)

An Authorised Person must ensure that its Governing Body regularly reviews and understands the implications as well as the limitations of Credit Risk management information and reports presented to it, to ensure that the contents and the format of such reports are suitable for effective Governing Body oversight.

(4)

An Authorised Person must ensure that its Governing Body is responsible for carrying out regular stress testing on the credit portfolio which is appropriate for the nature, scale and complexity of the Credit Risks assumed by the Authorised Person. An Authorised Person must ensure that its Governing Body annually reviews the stress scenarios and takes action to address any perceived issues arising from those reviews.

(5)

An Authorised Person must establish and enforce internal controls and practices so that deviations from policies, procedures, limits and prudential guidelines are promptly reported to the appropriate level of management.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Person may structure its credit processes and Credit Risk management function in a manner which suits its or its Group's internal organisational structure, culture and internal practices, provided the key functions and components relevant to Credit Risk management, as mentioned above, are present, and there must be adequate segregation of functions responsible for critical Credit Risk management processes. In particular, the credit initiation function must be independent of the credit approval and review functions to avoid any potential conflicts of interest. In