 be unreasonably withheld;

the identity of the parties responsible for determining whether a credit event has occurred must be clearly defined. This determination must not be the sole responsibility of the credit protection provider. The Authorised Person must have the right or ability to inform the credit protection provider of the occurrence of a credit event; and

the underlying obligation and the reference obligation specified in the Credit Derivative contract for the purpose of determining the cash settlement value or the deliverable obligation or for the purpose of determining whether a credit event has occurred may be different only if:

(i)

the reference obligation ranks pari passu with or is junior to the underlying obligation; and

(ii)

the underlying obligation and reference obligation share the same obligor (i.e. the same legal entity) and legally enforceable cross-default or cross-acceleration clauses are in place.

147

PRU VER17.290725

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Person should not recognise the effects of CRM of a Total Return Swap if it purchases credit protection through a Total Return Swap and records the net payments received on the swap as net income, but does not record offsetting deterioration in the value of the underlying asset that is protected (either through reductions in its marked-to-market value or by an addition to reserves).

2.

The Regulator would generally consider the requirements in (f) to have been complied with even if the requirements are not specifically set out so long as the obligations of the credit protection provider under the Credit Derivative contract would include those requirements.

3.

The Regulator would generally consider the cash settlement methodology provided ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as satisfying the requirement for obtaining post-credit event valuations of the underlying obligation.

in the

Currency mismatches

4.13.13

(1)

In the case where there is a currency mismatch between the credit protection and the underlying Exposure, an Authorised Person must reduce the amount of the Exposure deemed to be protected by applying a haircut, as follows:

Protected portion GA = G (1- HFX)

where:

(a)

G = notional amount of the credit protection; and

(b)

HFX = haircut appropriate for currency mismatch between the credit protection and underlying obligation Exposure based on a ten-business day holding period, assuming daily mark-to-market.

(2)

An Authorised Person must determine HFX in the following manner:

(a)

if the Authorised Person uses standard supervisory haircuts, HFX is 8%; and

(b)

if the Authorised Person uses own-estimate haircuts, it must estimate HFX according to Rules A4.3.6 to A4.3.26 in App4 based on a ten-business day holding period, assuming daily mark-to-market.

(3)

If the credit protection is not marked-to-market daily, HFX must be scaled in accordance with Rule A4.3.25.

Maturity Mismatches

4.13.14 An Authorised Person may recognise the effects of CRM for an Exposure where there is a Maturity Mismatch only if the Credit Risk mitigant has an Original Maturity of at least

148

PRU VER17.290725

one year and a residual maturity of more than three months. For the purposes of calculating Credit RWA, a Maturity Mismatch occurs when the residual maturity of the Credit Risk mitigant is less than that of the underlying Exposure.

4.13.15

(1)

An Authorised Person must determine the maturity of the underlying Exposure and the maturity of the Credit Risk mitigant conservatively. The residual maturity of the underlying Exposure must be gauged as the longest possible remaining time before the Counterparty is scheduled to fulfil its obligation, taking into account any applicable grace period.

(2)

In the case of Credit Risk the mitigant, embedded Options which may reduce the term of the credit protection must be taken into account so that the shortest possible residual maturity is used. Where a call is at the discretion of the protection seller, the residual maturity will be at the first call date. If the call is at the discretion of the Authorised Person but the terms of the arrangement at origination of the Credit Derivative contain a positive incentive for the Authorised Person to call the transaction before contractual maturity, the remaining time to the first call date will be deemed to be the residual maturity.

4.13.16

(1)

An Authorised Person must calculate the value of the CRM adjusted for any