 relating to an express trust;

(c)

the management and administration of trust assets subject to an express trust;

39

PRU VER17.290725

Trust Deed

Trustee

Undertaking

Underwriting

Unit

Unitholder

Unrestricted PSIA (PSIAu)

(d) dealing with trust assets subject to an express trust, including the investment, transfer and disposal of such assets;

(e)

the distribution of trust assets subject to an express trust; and

(f)

the payment of expenses or remuneration out of an express trust.

A deed entered into by a Fund Manager and the Trustee to create an Investment Trust.

Means the Person, described under FUNDS 12.3.4 who is appointed under a Trust Deed as the trustee of an Investment Trust to hold the Investment Trust's Property on trust for the Unitholders and to oversee the operation of the Investment Trust and, in relation to a Domestic Fund, is authorised under its Financial Services Permission to Act as the Trustee of the Investment Trust.

Means:

(a)

a Body Corporate or Partnership; or

(b)

an unincorporated association carrying on a trade or business, with or without a view to profit.

An arrangement under which a party agrees to buy, before issue, a specified quantity of Securities in an issue of Securities on a given date at a given price, if no other party has purchased or acquired them.

Means a unit in or a Share representing the rights or interests of a Unitholder in a Fund.

Means any holder of a Unit in the Fund or of any right or interest in such a Unit, otherwise known as a 'participant' and whose name is entered on the Fund's register in relation to that Unit.

A PSIA in respect of which the investment account holder authorises the Authorised Person to invest the account holder's funds in a manner which the Authorised Person deems appropriate without laying down any restrictions as to where, how and for what purpose the funds should be invested.

40

PRU VER17.290725

Unsettled Transaction

VaR

Vega

Venture Capital Fund

Virtual Asset

Walkaway Clause

Warrant

A transaction where delivery of an instrument is due to take place against the receipt of cash but remains outstanding.

Value at risk.

The measure of the sensitivity of the value of the Option to a change in the volatility of the underlying asset.

Has the meaning given in FUNDS 4.1.6.

Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

A provision which permits a non-defaulting party to make payments, or no payments at all, to the estate of the defaulter, even if the defaulter is a net creditor.

Means an instrument that confers on the holder a right entitling the holder to an unissued Share, Debenture or Unit.

41

PRU VER17.290725

1.3

Categories of Authorised Persons

Guidance

1.

In these Rules, Authorised Persons are assigned to "Categories" to create a clear framework for determining the provisions of PRU applying to each Authorised Person. The Rules in this Section enable an Authorised Person to determine into which Category it falls.

2.

The table in A1.1 of App1 sets out the categorisation process diagrammatically. In that table, an emboldened box indicates the Regulated Activity that is determinative of the Category into which an Authorised Person falls. An Authorised Person may, if authorised under its Financial Services Permission to do so, conduct any number of Regulated Activities specified under any lower Category than the one that applies to the Authorised Person in accordance with this Section. (For this purpose Category 5 is considered to be equivalent to Category 1.) For example, a Category 1 firm could conduct any one or more of the Regulated Activities specified under Categories 2, 3A, 3B, 3C or 4 (if authorised to do so). However, a Category 4 firm may only conduct the Regulated Activities listed under Category 4, given that is the Category for which it is authorised.

Category 1

1.3.1

An Authorised Person is in Category 1 if:

(a) (a)

its Financial Services Permission authorises it to carry on one or more of the Regulated Activities of Accepting Deposits or Managing a