 conservation plan is not approved.

Guidance

Where the Risk Capital Requirement forms the Capital Requirement of an Authorised Person in Category 1, 2, or 5 it should therefore hold sufficient total Capital Resources of the quality required to meet the following requirements:

a.

the capital ratios specified in Rule 3.16.2;

b.

any Individual Capital Requirement as may be imposed pursuant to Chapter 10;

c.

the Combined Buffer; and

d.

any other buffer, where applicable.

3.20

Adequate Capital Resources For Categories 3B, 3C and 4

3.20.1

This Section applies to an Authorised Person in Category 3B, 3C or 4.

99

PRU VER17.290725

Guidance

1.

Pursuant to Section 3.6 an Authorised Person in Category 3B, 3C or 4 should hold sufficient total Capital Resources of the quality required to meet its Capital Requirement, whether that is the Base Capital Requirement or the Expenditure Based Capital Minimum.

2.

The Capital Resources should comprise a minimum of CET1 Capital equal to the relevant Base Capital Requirement for the Category to which the Authorised Person belongs.

Notifications to the Regulator

3.20.2

An Authorised Person in Category 3B, 3C or 4 must notify the Regulator immediately and confirm in writing if its Capital Resources fall below 120% of its Capital Requirement.

PART 5 - Leverage

3.21

The Leverage Ratio

3.21.1

This Section applies to an Authorised Person in Category 1, 2 or 5.

Guidance

1.

This Section is relevant to an Authorised Person that is required to report its Leverage Ratio to the Regulator under Chapter 2, or to disclose its Leverage Ratio under Chapter 11.

2.

The purpose of the Leverage Ratio is to provide a simple, transparent, non-risk- based methodology to act as a supplementary measure of risk, alongside the risk-based capital requirements applicable in ADGM.

3.

"Leverage", in this context, means the relative size of (a) an institution's assets, off-balance sheet obligations and contingent obligations to pay or to deliver or to provide collateral, including obligations from received funding, made commitments, derivatives or repurchase agreements, but excluding obligations which can only be enforced during the liquidation of an institution; compared to (b) that institution's own funds.

3.21.2

An Authorised Person must calculate its Leverage Ratio in accordance with the following methodology:

Leverage Ratio = Capital Measure รท Exposure Measure

where:

(a)

"Capital Measure" represents the Tier 1 Capital of the Authorised Person calculated in accordance with Rule 3.9.1; and

100

PRU VER17.290725

(b)

"Exposure Measure" represents the value of Exposures of the Authorised Person calculated in accordance with Rules 3.21.5 and 3.21.6.

3.21.3

(1)

An Authorised Person must hold sufficient Tier 1 Capital to maintain, at all times, a minimum Leverage Ratio of 3% or as otherwise set by the Regulator.

(2)

The Regulator may set a Leverage Ratio higher than the minimum 3% if it designates an Authorised Person as a D-SIB.

3.21.4

An Authorised Person must notify the Regulator immediately in writing if, at any time, it does not hold, or is likely not to hold, an amount and quality of capital that is necessary to comply with Rule 3.21.3.

Guidance

Institutions shall calculate the Leverage Ratio as the simple arithmetic mean of the monthly leverage ratios over a quarter, or using a more frequent basis for the calculation if that is in line with their internal practices.

3.21.5

For the purpose of determining the Exposure Measure, the value of Exposures of an Authorised Person must be calculated in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) subject to the following adjustments:

(a)

on-balance sheet, non-Derivative Exposures must be net of specific allowances and valuation adjustments (e.g. credit valuation adjustments);

(b)

physical or financial Collateral, guarantees or other credit risk mitigation