 borrower or a Counterparty to fulfil their obligations in respect of a financial transaction.

2.

This Chapter aims to ensure that an Authorised Person holds sufficient regulatory capital of acceptable quality so that it can absorb unexpected losses arising out of its Credit Risk Exposures, should the need arise and that it continues to operate in a sustainable manner.

3.

This Chapter requires an Authorised Person to:

a.

appropriately apply a risk-weight to all on-balance sheet assets and off-balance sheet Exposures for capital adequacy purposes. A risk-weight is based on a Credit Quality Grade aligned with the likelihood of Counterparty default;

b.

calculate the Credit Risk Capital Requirement for its on-balance sheet assets and off-balance sheet Exposures; and

c.

reduce the Credit Risk Capital Requirement for its on-balance sheet assets and off-balance sheet Exposures where the Exposure is covered fully or partly by some form of eligible Credit Risk mitigant.

4.

App4 provides detailed requirements, parameters, calculation methodologies and formulae in respect of the primary requirements outlined in Chapter 4.

PART 1 – Application

4.1

Application

4.1.1

This Chapter applies to an Authorised Person in Category 1, 2, 3A or 5.

Guidance

1.

This Chapter imposes systems and controls pertaining to Credit Risk, and prescribes the manner of calculation of the Credit Risk Capital Requirement (also referred to in these Rules as CRCOM).

2.

in the Rules 3.5.1 and 3.5.2 provide that the CRCOM calculation of the overall Risk Capital Requirement of an Authorised Person, and that the CRCOM is to be calculated in accordance with this Chapter.

is a component

3.

The Rules in Section 4.8 provide that the Authorised Person's CRCOM is 10% of the Credit RWA of the firm, which in turn is calculated as the sum of:

103

PRU VER17.290725

a.

the RWA for Credit Risk Exposures (CR Exposures);

b.

the RWA for securitisation Exposures (SE Exposures); and

c.

the RWA for Counterparty Risk Exposures.

4.

This Chapter sets out the manner in which each of those components must be calculated, monitored and controlled by an Authorised Person.

5.

In addition to complying with the applicable Rules in this Chapter, an Authorised Person investing in or holding Islamic Contracts whether or not for the purpose of a PSIA will need to take account of the provisions under the IFR rules to calculate the associated capital requirements for Credit Risk for those Islamic Contracts.

PART 2 - Credit Risk systems and controls

4.2

Application of this part

4.2.1

This part applies to an Authorised Person in Category 1, 2, 3A or 5 with respect to both its Non-Trading Book and Trading Book transactions.

4.3

Credit Risk management systems

4.3.1

An Authorised Person must implement and maintain comprehensive Credit Risk management systems which:

(a)

are appropriate to the firm's type, scope, complexity and scale of operations;

(b)

are appropriate to the diversity of its operations, including geographical diversity;

(c)

enable the firm to effectively identify, assess, monitor and control Credit Risk and to ensure that adequate Capital Resources are available at all times to cover the risks assumed; and

(d)

ensure effective implementation of the Credit Risk strategy and policy.

Guidance

1.

Credit Risk is the risk that a borrower or Counterparty fails to meet its obligations. Credit Risk exists in both the Non-Trading Book and the Trading Book, and both on and off the balance sheet of an Authorised Person.

2.

Obviously, Credit Risk arises from loans but there are other sources of Credit Risk such as:

a.

trade finance and acceptances;

b.

interbank transactions;

104

PRU VER17.290725

c.

commitments and guarantees;

d.

interest rate, foreign exchange and Credit Derivatives (including swaps, Options, forward rate agreements and financial Futures);

e.

bond and equity holdings; and

f.

settlement of transactions.

3.

The objective of the Credit Risk management system must be to ensure that every Authorised Person holds adequate capital to cover Credit Risk and absorb any potential losses arising from that risk. Since