 FSMR.

(1) Refers to the risk of incurring losses due to the failure of systems, processes, and personnel, whether internal or external to the Authorised Person, to perform expected tasks.

(2) Operational Risk losses also include losses

arising out of legal risk.

The requirement calculated in accordance with Section 6.11.

An Option is an instrument that confers on the holder, upon exercise, rights of the kind referred to in any of the following:

(a)

a right to acquire or dispose of:

(i)

a Security (other than a Warrant) based or Investment;

contractually

(ii)

currency of any country or territory; or

(iii)

a commodity of any kind;

(b)

a right to receive a cash settlement, the value of which is determined by reference to:

(i)

the value or price of an index, interest rate or exchange rate; or

(ii)

any other rate or variable; or

30

PRU VER17.290725

Option Risk Capital Requirement

Organised Trading Facility (OTF)

Original Maturity

Originator

OTC Derivative or OTC Derivative Contract

Parent

Partner

Partnership

(c)

a right to acquire or dispose of another Option under (a) or (b).

A component of the Market Risk Capital Requirement and calculated in accordance with Section 5.8.

Means a system which brings together multiple third party buying and selling interests in Investments, in accordance with its discretionary rules, in a way that results in a contract in respect of such Investments.

(1) The time period between the date an offer is

made and the date it expires or lapses.

(2)

In relation to Debentures, the interval between its issue date and the date on which it becomes due and payable.

(1) An entity which, either itself or through related indirectly, creates the

entities, directly or Exposure being securitised; or

(2) any entity which purchases or advises or causes an SPE to purchase the Exposures of a third party, which are in a securitisation (for avoidance of doubt, selling credit protection such that the entity or the SPE has a long position in the Credit Risk of the obligor is equivalent to purchasing Exposures).

then used

(3) Where an entity lends to an SPE with a view to enabling that SPE to make loans which are then used in a securitisation, the entity will generally be deemed to be acting as an Originator.

Means a Derivative Contract the execution of which does not take place on a Recognised Investment Exchange.

Means a Holding Company as defined section 1015 of the Companies Regulations.

In relation to an Undertaking which is a Partnership, a Person occupying the position of a Partner, by whatever name called.

Means any partnership, including a partnership constituted under the law of a country, jurisdiction or

31

in

PRU VER17.290725

Person

PII

Potential Future Credit Exposure (PFCE)

Private Equity Fund

Profit Equalisation Reserve

Profit Sharing Investment Account (PSIA)

territory outside the ADGM, but not including a Limited Liability Partnership.

includes any natural person, Body A Person Corporate or body unincorporated, including a legal person, company, Partnership, unincorporated association, government or state.

Professional indemnity insurance.

An amount calculated by multiplying the nominal principal amount of an OTC Derivative contract by a specified percentage dependent on the nature and residual maturity of the contract.

A Fund is a Private Equity Fund if it;

(a)

invests in unlisted companies, by means of Shares, convertible debt or other instruments carrying equity participation rights or reward; or

(b) participates in management buy-outs or

buy-ins.

Represents the amount appropriated out of the Mudaraba income, before allocating the Mudarib's share, in order to maintain a certain level of investment returns for investment account holders and to increase owners' equity.

An account or portfolio managed:

(a)

in relation to property of any kind, including the currency of any country or territory, held for or within the account or portfolio;

(b)

in accordance with Shari'a and held out as such; and

(c)

under the term of an agreement whereby:

(i)

the investor agrees to share any profit with the manager of the in account accordance a predetermined specified percentage or ratio; and

or