 loan, adjusted by deducting any unrealised fair value gains and adding back any unrealised fair value losses on revaluation (broadly equivalent to the amortised cost of the AFS debt security or AFS loan less any provision for impairment).

2.

In the case of a lease where the Authorised Person is exposed to residual value risk (i.e. potential loss due to the fair value of the leased asset declining below the estimate of its residual value reflected on the balance sheet of the Authorised Person at lease inception), the Authorised Person should calculate (i) an Exposure to the lessee equivalent to the discounted lease payment stream; and (ii) an Exposure to the residual value of the leased assets equivalent to the estimate of the residual value reflected in the balance sheet of the Authorised Person.

3.

Any foreign exchange transaction or translation gain or loss from a foreign currency-denominated on-balance sheet item as well as interest earned on a fixed income instrument should be allocated to the Exposure to which it accrues.

123

PRU VER17.290725

Measurement of E for off-balance sheet items other than Counterparty Risk Exposures

4.9.4

(1)

For each off-balance sheet item other than a pre-settlement Counterparty Exposure arising from an OTC Derivative transaction, long settlement transaction or Securities Financing Transaction (referred to in these Rules as an "SFT") an Authorised Person must calculate E by:

(a)

in the case of an Early Amortisation Exposure, multiplying the amount of investors' interest by the applicable CCF set out in Rules A4.2.1 and A4.2.2 in App4; and

(b)

in all other cases, multiplying the notional amount of each item by:

(i)

the applicable CCF set out in Rule A4.2.1 in App4 if that item is a CR Exposure; or

(ii)

the applicable CCF set out in Rule A4.2.2 in App4 if that item is an SE Exposure.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Person which is exposed to the risk of the underlying Securities in an OTC Derivative transaction, long settlement transaction or SFT which is in substance similar to a forward purchase or credit substitute should calculate E, for such an Exposure, in accordance with Rule 4.9.4(1).

2.

Investors' interest is defined as the sum of:

a.

investors' drawn balances related to the securitised Exposures; and

b.

E associated with investors' undrawn balances related to the SE Exposures. E is determined by allocating the undrawn balances of securitised Exposures on a pro-rata basis based on the proportions of investor Shares of the securitised drawn the Originator's and balances.

3.

For avoidance of doubt, where an Authorised Person has provided unfunded credit protection via a total rate of return swap, E should be equal to the notional amount of the underlying reference credit for which the Authorised Person is providing protection adjusted for any payments received from or made to the protection buyer and recognised in the profit and loss account of the Authorised Person. Where an Authorised Person has provided unfunded credit protection via a credit default swap, E should be equal to the notional amount of the underlying reference credit for which the Authorised Person is providing protection.

4.

The notional amount of an off-balance sheet item refers to the amount which has been committed but is as yet undrawn. The amount to which the CCF is applied is the lower of the value of the unused committed credit line, and the

124

PRU VER17.290725

value which reflects any possible constraining availability of the facility, such as the existence of a ceiling on the potential lending amount which is related to an obligor's reported cash flow. If the facility is constrained in this way, the Authorised Person must have sufficient line monitoring and management procedures to support this contention.

5.

Any foreign exchange transaction or translation gain or loss from a foreign currency-denominated off-balance sheet item should be allocated to the Exposure to which it accrues.

Recognition of eligible financial Collateral for on-balance sheet assets and off-balance sheet items other than Counterparty Exposures

4.9.5

(1)

An Authorised Person which has taken eligible financial Coll