The effect of Rules 4.15.5 and 4.15.6, when taken together, impose a binding upper limit of 25% of Tier 1 on the portion of a Large Exposure in the Non- Trading Book.

2.

Where, under exceptional circumstances, the portion of the Large Exposure arising in the Trading Book causes the aggregate limit of 25% to be exceeded the Authorised Person is obliged to notify the Regulator in order to agree remedial actions to resolve the breach at the earliest opportunity.

4.15.7

Subject to IFR Rule 5.4.16 an Authorised Person must ensure that the sum of its Large Exposures does not exceed 800% of its Tier 1.

Guidance

1.

Exposures can arise in the Non-Trading Book and in the Trading Book from Credit Risk (for example on loans and advances) Counterparty Risk (for example, on unsettled trades and on Derivative contracts) and from Issuer risk (for example, on holdings of equities and bonds).

2.

Some Derivatives contracts may result in an Authorised Person being exposed to an Issuer as well as the Derivatives Counterparty. For example, a Derivative referenced on a Security may result in an Exposure to the Counterparty, to the transaction and to the Issuer of the underlying Security.

3.

Examples of an Exposure are actual or potential claims on a Counterparty including contingent liabilities arising in the normal course of an Authorised Person's business.

171

PRU VER17.290725

4.

App4 includes further Rules and Guidance on:

a.

fully and partially exempt Exposures, Exposures to undisclosed Counterparties, parental guarantees and capital maintenance agreements;

b.

identification of Exposures;

c.

identification of Closely Related and Connected Counterparties, and exemptions for Connected Counterparties;

d.

measuring Exposures to Counterparties and Issuers in relation to Derivatives, equity indices, and other items; and

e.

country risk Exposure.

Exclusions from the Large Exposures limits

4.15.8

(1) For the purposes of this Section, Exposure excludes:

(a)

claims and other assets required to be deducted for the purposes of calculating an Authorised Person's Tier 1;

(b)

a transaction entered into by an Authorised Person as depository or as agent that does not create any legal liability on the part of the Authorised Person;

(c)

claims resulting from foreign exchange transactions where an Authorised Person has paid its side of the transaction and the countervalue remains unsettled during the two business days following the due payment or due delivery date. After two business days the claim becomes an Exposure;

(d)

the case of provision of money transmission, payment services, clearing and settlement, correspondent banking or financial instruments clearing, settlement and custody services to clients, delayed receipts in funding and other exposures arising from Client activity which do not last longer than the following business day;

(e)

in the case of the provision of money transmission including the execution of payment services, clearing and settlement in any currency and correspondent banking, intra-day exposures to Financial Institutions providing those services;

(f)

claims resulting from the purchase and sale of Securities during settlement where both the Authorised Person and the Counterparty are up to five business days overdue in settling. The five business days include the due payment or due delivery date. After five business days, the claim becomes an Exposure; and

172

PRU VER17.290725

(g)

Exposures that are guaranteed by the Authorised Person’s Parent in accordance with Rule 4.15.18.

(2) For the purposes of this Section, Exposure to a central counterparty which carry

a 0% CCF in accordance with Section 4.8 are excluded.

4.15.9

An Authorised Person need not include fully exempt Exposures, as referred to in Rule A4.11.1 when monitoring compliance with the limits in Rules 4.15.5, 4.15.6 and 4.15.7.

Institutional exemption

4.15.10 For Exposures to a Financial Institution, or a group of Connected Counterparties one of which is a Financial Institution, the total amount of an Authorised Person's Exposures may exceed 25% of its Tier 1,