 Sharing Investment Account which is a PSIAu.

1.3.8

Authorised Persons which carry out Regulated Activities other than and in addition to Islamic Financial Business will be required to comply with the relevant capital requirements which apply to those Regulated Activities.

Guidance

Authorised Persons in Categories 1 to 4 may also carry out Islamic Financial Business, but only those Authorised Persons in Categories 1 or 5 may Manage a Profit Sharing Investment Account which is a PSIAu. They will not fall within Category 5 unless the whole of the business is conducted in accordance with Shari'a and they Manage a Profit Sharing Investment Account which is a PSIAu, carry on Islamic Financial Business or carry out Shari’a-compliant Regulated Activities.

45

PRU VER17.290725

1.4

Domestic Systemically Important Banks

Guidance

1.

This section provides for the Regulator to be able to designate an Authorised Person as a D-SIB. A D-SIB is a bank whose impact, if it were to fail, is likely to cause significant disruption to the domestic financial system and the broader real economy. The Regulator will, in assessing if it should designate an Authorised Person as a D-SIB, take into account the factors suggested by the Basel Committee in its framework for domestic systemically important banks. Those factors include the size, interconnectedness, substitutability and the complexity of the firm.

2.

In order to address the additional risks that D-SIBs pose, they may be subject to specific regulatory and supervisory measures, including more intensive supervision and/or higher capital requirements, amongst other measures.

3.

The Regulator may designate an Authorised Person as a D-SIB whether it is a Domestic Firm or a Branch. However, the measures that apply to a D-SIB that is a Branch will be less extensive than those that apply to one that is a Domestic Firm. For example, while both may be subject to more intensive supervision, a D-SIB that is a Branch would not be subject to higher capital requirements as those in chapter 3 do not apply to a Branch as it is subject to the capital requirements of its Home State Regulator.

1.4.1

(1)

The Regulator may designate an Authorised Person as a D-SIB where:

(a)

it is a Domestic Firm or Branch in Category 1 or 5; and

(b)

the Regulator considers that the risks associated with the Authorised Person are such that, if it were to fail, it could have a significant impact on the effective working and stability of the domestic banking or financial system.

1.4.2

(1)

The Regulator must publish a copy of any designation made under this section or any amendment or cancellation of that designation.

(2)

The procedures in Part 21 of FSMR apply to a decision to designate an Authorised Person as a D-SIB or to amend the designation.

(3) Where the Regulator decides to designate an Authorised Person as a D-SIB or to amend the designation, the Authorised Person may refer the matter to the Appeals Panel for review.

2

GENERAL REQUIREMENTS

Introduction

Guidance

This Chapter details the threshold conditions for the mandatory maintenance of a Trading Book, periodic prudential reporting requirements to the Regulator, and

46

PRU VER17.290725

guidance on prudent valuation practices. App2 includes detailed Rules on the positions to be included in the Trading Book, the valuation of such positions, prudent valuation practices and associated issues related to the identification and treatment of Trading Book positions. App2 also specifies the Regulator's expectations with regard to the need for a documented Trading Book policy and risk management systems and controls for the Trading Book. App2 also presents in a tabulated format, detailed specifications on periodic prudential reporting requirements for different categories of Authorised Persons.

2.1

Application

2.1.1

This Chapter applies to an Authorised Person in any Category.

2.2

Trading Book

2.2.1

An Authorised Person must have a Trading Book if:

(a)

it has positions that must be included in a Trading Book in accordance with Section A2.1 of App2;

(b)

those positions are held with trading intent in accordance with Rule A2.1.5; and

(c)

the total value of the positions