 context of a SE Exposure refers to assets used to hedge the Credit Risk of a securitisation Exposure rather than the underlying Exposures of the securitisation, including Collateral pledged by an SPE.

169

PRU VER17.290725

4.15

Large Exposures

Applicability and limits

4.15.1

This Section applies with respect to Trading Book transactions and Non-Trading Book transactions.

4.15.2

For the purposes of this Section an Exposure that arises in the Trading Book is calculated by summing the following:

(a)

the net positive position (long positions net of short positions) for each Financial Instrument as set out in Rules A4.11.10 to A4.11.28;

(b)

the firm's net Underwriting Exposures for any Counterparty; and

(c)

any other Exposures arising from transactions, agreements and contracts that would give rise to Counterparty Credit Risk.

4.15.3

For the purposes of this Section an Authorised Person must:

(a)

identify its Exposures;

(b)

identify its Counterparties, including whether any are Closely Related to each other or Connected to the Authorised Person;

(c)

measure the size of its Exposures;

(d)

establish the value of its Exposures;

(e)

determine the size of its Exposures as a proportion of its Tier 1;

(f)

identify whether it has Exposures which are subject to the requirements of Section 4.13 (CRM);

(g)

identify which, if any, of its Exposures are exempt in accordance with Section A4.11 from the limits set out in Rules 4.15.4 to 4.15.7;

(h)

aggregate its Exposures to the same Counterparty or group of Closely Related Counterparties or group of Connected Counterparties;

(i)

monitor and control its Exposures on a daily basis within the Large Exposures limits; and

(j)

notify the Regulator immediately of any breach of the limits set out in this Section and confirm it in writing.

Large Exposures limits

4.15.4

A Large Exposure of an Authorised Person means a total Exposure which is equal to or greater than 10% of the firm's Tier 1, to any Counterparty, group of Connected

170

PRU VER17.290725

Counterparties, or group of Closely Related Counterparties, aggregated across the Authorised Person's Trading Book and Non-Trading Book.

4.15.5

(1)

Subject to IFR Rule 5.4.15, an Authorised Person must not incur any Large Exposures in its Non-Trading Book and, subject to Rule 4.15.6, Trading Book after taking into account the effect of any eligible CRM, that exceeds 25% of its Tier 1, except as otherwise provided in (2).

(2)

An Authorised Person which is a D-SIB must, if required in writing by the Regulator, apply a Large Exposure limit lower than 25% of its Tier 1 Capital where the Large Exposure is to another D-SIB, or to a subsidiary of a D-SIB, whether inside or outside ADGM.

4.15.6 Where the portion of a Large Exposure in an Authorised Person's Trading Book on its own or when added to any Non-Trading Book portion of a Large Exposure, is likely to cause the 25% limit of its Tier 1 to be exceeded, the Authorised Person must immediately give the Regulator written notice, explaining the nature of its Trading Book Exposure and seeking specific guidance from the Regulator regarding the prudential treatment of any such Exposure.

Guidance

1.

The effect of Rules 4.15.5 and 4.15.6, when taken together, impose a binding upper limit of 25% of Tier 1 on the portion of a Large Exposure in the Non- Trading Book.

2.

Where, under exceptional circumstances, the portion of the Large Exposure arising in the Trading Book causes the aggregate limit of 25% to be exceeded the Authorised Person is obliged to notify the Regulator in order to agree remedial actions to resolve the breach at the earliest opportunity.

4.15.7

Subject to IFR Rule 5.