 policies, procedures, limits and prudential guidelines are promptly reported to the appropriate level of management.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Person may structure its credit processes and Credit Risk management function in a manner which suits its or its Group's internal organisational structure, culture and internal practices, provided the key functions and components relevant to Credit Risk management, as mentioned above, are present, and there must be adequate segregation of functions responsible for critical Credit Risk management processes. In particular, the credit initiation function must be independent of the credit approval and review functions to avoid any potential conflicts of interest. In cases where an

106

PRU VER17.290725

Authorised Person finds it necessary to delegate small lending limits to staff in the front office for operational needs, there must be adequate safeguards, e.g. independent review of credits granted, to prevent abuse.

2.

An Authorised Person's senior management or an appropriately delegated body (such as a credit committee) should be responsible for effectively implementing the Credit Risk strategy and policy approved by the Governing Body of the Authorised Person. Senior management or such a credit committee will need to establish adequate procedures to identify, quantify, monitor and control the Credit Risk inherent in the Authorised Person's activities and at the level of both the overall portfolio and individual borrowers/Counterparties.

3.

The appropriate level at which credit decisions are taken will vary according to the type of credit offered and the size and structure of the Authorised Person. For some Authorised Persons, a credit committee may be appropriate, with formal terms of reference laid down. In other Authorised Persons, individuals may be given pre-assigned authority limits. It will usually be appropriate for the final credit approval authority to be given by staff reporting independently from those staff interacting with clients.

4.

As part of its stress testing programme for Credit Risk measurement, an Authorised Person should take into account the realistic recoveries available from security or Collateral under stressed market and macro-economic conditions.

5.

Rule 4.3.3(3) requires the Governing Body of an Authorised Person to review the management information reports presented to it by the senior management of that firm and assess the reports in respect of their utility and effectiveness in enabling the Governing Body to effectively discharge their responsibilities towards effective oversight of the firm and its Credit Risk management.

4.3.4

An Authorised Person must also consider whether it is prudent to set out specific provisioning requirements for any country risk and transfer risk to which it is exposed.

Guidance

Guidance on country risk and transfer risk Exposure is set out in Section A4.1 (Credit Risk systems and controls) in App4.

4.3.5 Where an Authorised Person avails itself of CRM, the Authorised Person must have mechanisms in place to regularly assess the net realisable value of such mitigations taking into account prevailing market conditions.

Guidance

1.

Section 4.13 sets out the principles and methodologies for CRM recognition in the calculation of Credit RWA.

107

PRU VER17.290725

2.

Further Guidance on Credit Risk systems and controls (including CRM), and on the specific areas which the Credit Risk policy should cover, is set out in Section A4.1.

4.4

Credit Risk strategy, policy, and procedures manual

Credit Risk strategy

4.4.1

(1)

An Authorised Person must implement and maintain a Credit Risk strategy, which prescribes its stated degree of risk tolerance, level of capital available for credit activities, business strategy for credit activities and Credit Risk management approach.

(2)

The strategy must be:

(a)

documented;

(b)

approved by the Governing Body; and

(c)

regularly reviewed and updated by the Authorised Person at periodic intervals and at least annually, as appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of its activities.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Person's Credit Risk strategy should reflect the aim to achieve sound credit quality while at the same time ensuring profit and business growth. Therefore the Credit Risk strategy should address the Authorised Person's approach towards the decision on an acceptable level of risk/reward relationship, after taking into account resource and capital costs.

2.

An Authorised Person's Credit Risk strategy should allow for economic cycles and their effects on the credit portfolio during different stages of an economic cycle. For example, it should cater for a higher incidence of defaults in personal loan and credit