 balance on a bank account, or a lease or other disposition of property; and

(d)

a Contract of Insurance.

The measure of an Option's sensitivity to a change in value of the underlying Investment, asset or property.

Has the meaning given in paragraph 85 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Means Specified falling within paragraphs 94 to 96 of Schedule 1 of FSMR or, so far as relevant to such investments, any investment falling within paragraph 98 or 99 of that Schedule.

Investments

(1)

In relation to an Undertaking established under the Companies Regulations, a Person who appears on the Register of Directors maintained by the Registrar of Companies; and

(2)

in relation to all other Undertakings, a Person who has been admitted to a register which has a corresponding meaning to the Register of Directors or performs the function of acting in the capacity of a Director, by whatever name called.

The requirement calculated in accordance with the IFR rules.

An Authorised Person or Recognised Body which:

(a)

has its registered and head office in ADGM; or

18

PRU VER17.290725

Domestic Fund

Duration Method

Domestic Systemically Important Bank (D-SIB)

DvP

E

E*

EAD

EAE

Early Amortisation

ECAI

Effecting Contracts of Insurance

Employee

(b)

if it is a Subsidiary of an Undertaking whose principal place of business and head office is in a jurisdiction other than ADGM, has its registered office in ADGM.

A Fund established or domiciled in the ADGM.

A measure of General Market Risk calculated in accordance with Rule A6.2.19.

An Authorised Person designated by the Regulator in accordance with section 1.4 as a domestic systemically important bank.

Delivery versus Payment.

An Exposure value or amount.

An Exposure value or amount adjusted in the manner provided in the relevant Rule.

Exposure at default

The Exposure value or amount Amortisation Exposure.

for an Early

A mechanism that, once triggered, allows investors to be paid out prior to the originally stated maturity of the amortisation provision will be considered either controlled or non-controlled.

A Credit Rating Agency or an external credit rating agency recognised by the Regulator for the purposes of these Rules.

Means the Regulated Activity specified in paragraph 31 of Schedule 1 of FSMR.

Means an individual:

(a) who is employed or appointed by a Person in connection with that Person's business, whether under a contract of service or for services or otherwise; or

(b) whose services, under an arrangement between that Person and a third party, are placed at the disposal and under the control of that Person.

19

PRU VER17.290725

EPRS

Electronic Prudential Reporting System

Equity Risk Capital Requirement

A component of Market Risk Capital Requirement and calculated in accordance with Section 5.5.

Evergreening

Evergreening refers to the practice by some banks to roll over or renew their non-performing loans or potentially non-performing loans, so that they can avoid recognising them as non-performing loans in their accounts and consequently avoid provisioning for them.

Excess Spread

Gross finance charge collections and other income received by the trust or SPE minus certificate interest, servicing fees, charge-offs, and other senior trust or SPE expenses.

Expenditure Based Capital Minimum

A Capital Requirement calculated in accordance with Section 3.7.

Exposure

(1) The maximum loss that an Authorised Person (and where applicable its PSIA holders) might suffer if:

(a)

a Counterparty or a group of Connected their fail Counterparties obligations; or

to meet

(b)

it realises assets or off-balance sheet positions.

(2) An Exposure also

includes any asset or off-balance sheet item, which could result in a potential loss to the Authorised Person due to Market Risk or Operational Risk or any other risk factor.

FCCA

Financial Collateral Comprehensive Approach as described in Rule 4.9.5.

FCSA

Financial Collateral Simplified Approach as described in Rule 4.9.5.

Fiat-Referenced Token Has the meaning given in section 258 of FSMR.

Financial Group

A group of entities which includes an Authorised Person and:

(a)

any Parent incorporated in ADGM;

20

PR