

(1)

Where an Authorised Person has two or more overlapping Exposures to a securitisation, the firm must, to the extent that the positions overlap, include in its calculation of Credit RWA amounts only the Exposure, or portion of the Exposure, producing the higher Credit RWA amounts.

(2)

For the purposes of (1), overlapping Exposures result where an Authorised Person provides two or more facilities (whether they are liquidity facilities or Credit Enhancements) in relation to a securitisation that can be drawn under various conditions with different triggers, with the result that the Authorised Person provides duplicate coverage to the underlying Exposures. The facilities provided by the Authorised Person may overlap since a draw on one facility may preclude (in part) a draw on the other facility.

(3)

Where the overlapping Exposures are subject to different conversion factors the Authorised Person must apply the higher of the conversion factors to the Exposure.

Guidance

The firm may also recognise such an overlap between capital charges for Specific Risk in relation to positions in the Trading Book and capital charges for positions in the Non-Trading Book, provided that the firm is able to calculate and compare the capital charges for the relevant positions.

However, if overlapping facilities are provided by different Authorised Persons, each Authorised Person must calculate Capital Requirement for the maximum amount of its Exposure.

Credit Risk mitigation

4.14.46 Where an Authorised Person obtains credit protection on a securitisation Exposure, the calculation of Credit RWA amounts must be in accordance with the Rules in CRM in Section 4.13.

4.14.47 Where an Authorised Person provides credit protection to a securitisation Exposure it must calculate a Capital Requirement as if it were an investor in the securitisation in line with Section 4.13.

4.14.48 An Authorised Person must not recognise any SPE which is an Issuer of securitisation Exposures, as an eligible credit protection provider. Guarantees provided must meet the requirements of Section 4.13.

4.14.49 For the purpose of setting regulatory capital against a Maturity Mismatch, the Capital Requirement must be determined in accordance with Section 4.13. When Exposures

163

PRU VER17.290725

being hedged have different maturities, the longest maturity must be used. Maturity of credit protection must be calculated in accordance with Section 4.13.

Capital Requirements for securitisations with Early Amortisation provisions

4.14.50 An Authorised Person which is the Originator or Sponsor of a securitisation involving revolving Exposures as well as an Early Amortisation provision, must calculate an additional RWA amount in accordance with Rule 4.14.57 to address the possibility that its Credit Risk Exposure levels may increase following the operation of the Early Amortisation provision.

Guidance

1.

This Section sets out the methodology for calculation of the Credit RWA amount by an Originator, when it sells revolving Exposures into a securitisation that contains an Early Amortisation provision.

2.

Early Amortisation of the Securities describes the process whereby the repayment of the investors' interest is brought forward upon the occurrence of specified events. Events that are economic in nature by reference to the financial performance of the transferred assets are known as economic triggers.

4.14.51

(1)

An Authorised Person which is the Originator or Sponsor of a securitisation involving revolving Exposures, must calculate Credit RWA amounts in respect of the total Exposure related to a securitisation (both drawn and undrawn balances) when:

(a)

the Authorised Person sells Exposures into a structure that contains an Early Amortisation feature; and

(b)

the Exposures are of a revolving nature.

(2)

Where the underlying pool of a securitisation comprises revolving and term Exposures, an Authorised Person must apply the amortisation treatment outlined below for determining applicable regulatory capital only to that portion of the underlying pool containing revolving Exposures.

4.14.52 An Authorised Person which is the Originator of a Revolving Securitisation that includes economic triggers for Early Amortisation may regard the Exposures as transferred for the period up to the point of repayment, provided that:

(a)

