 are excluded.

4.15.9

An Authorised Person need not include fully exempt Exposures, as referred to in Rule A4.11.1 when monitoring compliance with the limits in Rules 4.15.5, 4.15.6 and 4.15.7.

Institutional exemption

4.15.10 For Exposures to a Financial Institution, or a group of Connected Counterparties one of which is a Financial Institution, the total amount of an Authorised Person's Exposures may exceed 25% of its Tier 1, provided those institutions are Investment Grade (Credit Quality Grades 1 to 3) and subject to the following:

(a)

Exposures to any entities within the group of Connected Counterparties that are not Financial Institutions are limited to 25% of Tier 1 after taking account of CRM;

(b)

the Exposures must not form part of the Tier 1 of the Counterparty;

(c)

the Counterparty Risk profile must be subject to review on at least an annual basis; and

(d)

Exposures of this nature must not in any case exceed a maximum of $100 million or 100% of Tier 1, whichever is the lower.

Guidance

The Regulator will, in exceptional circumstances, consider an application to waive or modify the limits set out above. In such circumstances the Authorised Person will have to make a submission to the Regulator as to why its specific circumstances would warrant a relaxation of the limits specified in (d) above.

Systems and Controls

4.15.11

(1)

An Authorised Person must implement and maintain systems and controls to identify its Exposures and effectively manage Large Exposures as a result of its activities.

(2)

Such systems and controls in place must be proportionate to the nature, scale and complexity of the Authorised Person and must include written policies and procedures to address Large Exposures, both on and off balance sheet, which:

(a)

are approved by the Governing Body on at least an annual basis; and

173

PRU VER17.290725

(b)

include internal approval limits for Exposures as well as limits for the risks associated with specific sectors, geographic location and single economic risk factors.

Guidance

The Regulator expects the systems and controls to include:

a.

processes for the tiered approval of Exposures based on size, risk profile and complexity;

b.

mechanisms for identifying, recording and monitoring all Exposures with particular focus on Large Exposures;

c.

mechanisms in place for the monitoring and control of Exposures to Counterparties and Groups of Connected Counterparties;

d.

mechanisms for monitoring and recording Exposures within its Group;

e.

mechanisms to monitor Counterparties in the same economic sector and exposed to single economic risks;

f.

mechanisms to identify and control risks arising from single geographic jurisdictions; and

g.

mechanisms to identify risks arising from related activities or commodities.

Recognition of Credit Risk mitigations

4.15.12 For the purposes of this Section, an Authorised Person may reduce the value of its

Exposures, at its discretion, by any one or more of the following:

(a)

the amount of any specific provision made, where the provision relates to the risk of a credit loss occurring on that Exposure and is not held as part of a general provision or reserve against its Credit Risks;

(b)

Netting its claims on and liabilities to a Counterparty, provided that the conditions in Section 4.13 of CRM are met;

(c)

the amount of Collateral held against its Exposures, where that Collateral is of a type listed based on the FCSA and FCCA approaches and meeting the requirements under Section 4.13;

(d)

the amount of any eligible guarantees as permitted under Section 4.13.9;

(e)

the value of a Credit Derivative, where the Credit Derivative is an instrument included in Rule 4.13.11 and the transaction meets the conditions set out in that Section; and

174

PRU VER17.290725

(f)

the effects of transactions transferring Credit Risks from the Authorised Person to another party through securitisation, provided that the conditions in Section 4.14 are met.

4.15.13