)

staff bonuses, except to the extent that they are non-discretionary;

(b)

the shares of Employees and Directors in profits, including Share Options, except to the extent that they are non-discretionary;

(c)

other appropriations of profits, except to the extent that they are automatic;

(d)

shared commissions and fees payable that are directly related to commissions and fees receivable, which are included with total revenue;

(e)

fees, brokerage and other charges paid to clearing houses, exchanges and intermediate brokers for the purposes of executing, registering or clearing transactions;

62

PRU VER17.290725

(f)

any expenses for which pre-payments or advances have already been made to the respective claimant (e.g. pre-paid rent, pre-paid communication charges etc.) and deducted from Capital Resources as illiquid assets;

(g)

foreign exchange losses; and

(h)

contributions to charities.

(2)

For the purposes of (1)(c), a management charge must not be treated as an appropriation of profits.

3.7.3

(1)

For the purposes of Rule 3.7.2, an Authorised Person must calculate its relevant Annual Audited Expenditure with reference to the Authorised Person's most recent audited financial statements.

(2)

If the Authorised Person's most recent audited financial statements do not represent a twelve-month accounting period, it must calculate its Annual Audited Expenditure on a pro rata basis so as to produce an equivalent annual amount.

(3)

If an Authorised Person has not completed its first twelve months of business operations, it must calculate its Annual Audited Expenditure based on forecast expenditure as reflected in the budget for the first twelve months of business operations, as submitted with its application for authorisation.

(4)

(a)

If an Authorised Person:

(i)

has a material change in its expenditure (whether up or down); or

(ii)

has varied its authorised activities,

it must recalculate its Annual Audited Expenditure and Expenditure Based Capital Minimum accordingly.

(b)

Where an Authorised Person has recalculated its Annual Audited Expenditure and Expenditure Based Capital Minimum in accordance with (a), it must submit this recalculation to the Regulator within seven days of its completion and seek agreement/approval from the Regulator. The Regulator may within thirty days of receiving the recalculation object to the recalculation and require the Authorised Person to revise its Expenditure Based Capital Minimum.

Liquid assets

3.7.4

(1)

An Authorised Person to which this Section applies must maintain, at all times, an amount of assets which exceeds its Expenditure Based Capital Minimum in the form of liquid assets.

63

PRU VER17.290725

(2)

For the purpose of this Rule, and subject to (3), liquid assets comprise any of the following:

(a)

cash in hand;

(b)

Money deposited with a regulated bank or deposit-taker where that entity has a Credit Grade Quality of II or better in the short-term rating category, or a Credit Grade Quality of 3 or better in the long-term rating category;

(c)

demand Deposits with a tenor of one year or less with a bank or deposit-taker meeting the condition in (b) in relation to Credit Quality Grade;

(d)

time Deposits with a tenor of one year or less which have an option to redeem the Deposit at any time. In such cases, the Deposit amount eligible to be included as liquid assets must be calculated as net of any costs associated with such early redemption;

(e)

cash receivable from a regulated clearing house and cash Deposits with such clearing houses, other than any fees or contributions to guarantee or reserve funds of such clearing houses; or

(f)

any other asset which may be approved by the Regulator as comprising a liquid asset for the purpose of this Rule.

(3)

For the purpose of this Rule, liquid assets do not include:

(a)

any Investment, asset or Deposit which has been pledged as security or Collateral for any obligations or liabilities assumed by it or by any other third party; or

(b)

cash held in Client Money, Relevant Money or Insurance Money accounts.

PART 4 – Calculating Capital Resources

3.8

Application

3.8.1

This Part applies to an Authorised Person in any Category.

Guidance

The