 whether there is an upward bias in internal ratings.

4.5.2

An Authorised Person must implement and maintain appropriate policies, processes, systems and controls to:

(a)

administer its credit portfolios, including keeping the credit files current, information on borrowers and other getting up-to-date important Counterparties, documents;

financial

funds

transfer, and electronic storage of

(b)

ensure that the valuations of Credit Risk mitigants employed by the Authorised Person are up-to-date, including periodic assessment of Credit Risk mitigants such as guarantees and Collateral;

(c)

review all material concentrations in its credit portfolio and report the findings of such reviews to the Governing Body; and

(d)

measure Credit Risk (including to measure Credit Risk of off-balance sheet products such as Derivatives in credit equivalent terms) and monitor the condition of individual credits to facilitate identification of problem Exposures and to determine the adequacy of provisions and reserves.

113

PRU VER17.290725

4.5.3

The Credit Risk management system and, in particular, the systems, policies and processes aimed at classification of credits, monitoring and identification of problem Exposures, management of problem Exposures and provisioning for them must include all the on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet credit Exposures of the Authorised Person.

Guidance

An Authorised Person should ensure that its loan portfolio is properly classified and has an effective early-warning system for problem loans.

4.5.4

(1)

An Authorised Person must establish clearly defined criteria for identifying its problem Exposures and/or impaired assets which ensure that credits are classified as impaired in all cases where there is some reason to believe that all amounts due (including principal and interest) will, or may, not be collected in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement.

(2)

For the purpose of (1), and subject to (3), an Authorised Person must categorise its credits into five categories as detailed in the following table, where credits in the substandard, doubtful and loss categories must be considered as problem Exposures:

Category Standard

Special mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Criteria Includes Exposures with no element of uncertainty about timely repayment of the outstanding amounts, including principal and interest. Exposures are currently in regular payment status with prompt payments. Includes Exposures with deteriorating or potentially deteriorating credit quality which, may adversely affect the borrower's ability to make scheduled payments on time. The Exposures in this category warrant close attention by the Authorised Person. Includes Exposures which exhibit definitive deterioration in credit quality and impaired debt servicing capacity of the borrower. Includes Exposures which show strong credit quality deterioration, worse than those in substandard category, to the extent that the prospect of full recovery of all the outstanding amounts from the credit is questionable the probability of a credit loss is high, though the exact amount of loss cannot be determined yet.

and

consequently

114

PRU VER17.290725

Loss

Includes Exposures which are assessed as uncollectable and Exposures with very low potential for recoverability of amounts due.

(3)

An Authorised Person may also have in place a more detailed credit grading system provided it can address the categories detailed in (2).

Guidance

1.

With respect to the ratings above, Authorised Persons should consider the following Exposures as being classified:

(i)

special mention;

(ii)

substandard;

(iii)

doubtful; and

(iv)

loss

where the loans are contractually in arrears for a minimum of more than 60, 90, 120 and 180 days respectively. Authorised Persons should also consider the treatments as set out in Rule 4.5.7 (Evergreening).

2.

Exposures exhibiting the following characteristics should be included in the special mention category:

a.

a declining trend in the operations of the borrower or in the borrower's ability to continue to generate cash required for repayment of the credit;

b.

any signals which indicate a potential weakness in the financial position of the borrower, but not to the point at which repayment capacity is definitely impaired; or

c.

business, economic or market conditions that may unfavourably affect the profitability and business of the borrower in the near to medium term.

3.

Exposures exhibiting the following characteristics should be included in