 6.4.1(c), an Authorised Person should notify the Regulator of any significant PII claim made. What amounts to a significant claim will depend on the nature size and complexity of the Authorised Person and the Regulator would expect the Authorised Person to treat a series of small single claims which are significant in aggregate as significant for the purposes of Rule 6.4.1(c).

3.

An Authorised Person can fulfil the requirements under this Section by ensuring coverage of its activities under a group-wide PII policy, provided that policy covers the Authorised Person and its activities and that policy meets the conditions specified in this Section. Where the Authorised Person's group PII

197

PRU VER17.290725

cover does not meet the requirements specified under this Section, the Authorised Person will be required to obtain PII cover that meets those requirements.

6.12A

Professional indemnity insurance for Third Party Providers

Minimum Coverage for Third Party Providers

6.12A.1 A Third Party Provider must maintain at all times a minimum professional indemnity

insurance coverage of US$150,000.

Transaction Limits

6.12A.2 A Third Party Provider must ensure that its remaining professional indemnity insurance coverage is always greater than thirty times the average daily value of all Third Party Transactions in the past ninety calendar days.

6.12A.3 The value of a Third Party Transaction must be calculated as:

(a)

where the Third Party Transaction leads to a Payment Transaction, the value of the Payment Transaction; or

(b)

US$0.10.

6.12A.4 A Third Party Provider must calculate the value of its remaining professional indemnity insurance coverage by subtracting the value of any unsettled claims made against its professional indemnity insurance from the total value of its professional indemnity insurance coverage.

Guidance

1.

A Third Party Provider’s risk profile is that of a financial services firm and not of a software development firm, notwithstanding that software is a key component of a Third Party Provider’s business model.

2.

Rule 6.12A.2 requires a Third Party Provider to maintain sufficient professional indemnity insurance coverage to reimburse Customers should operational risk events occur.

3.

A Third Party Provider is expected to manage the size and volume of its Third Party Transactions within its remaining professional indemnity insurance cover. Such management could take place through imposing limits on the number or value of transactions.

4.

A Third Party Provider should review the adequacy of its professional indemnity insurance cover periodically to determine whether, based on its projected number or value of transactions, it should increase the value of its professional indemnity insurance coverage.

198

PRU VER17.290725

7

INTEREST RATE RISK IN THE NON-TRADING BOOK

Introduction

Guidance

1.

This Chapter relates to interest rate risk in the Non-Trading Book. In relation to the Trading Book, an Interest Rate Risk Capital Requirement is imposed as a component of the Market Risk Capital Requirement under Chapter 5.

2.

Non-Trading Book interest rate risk is normally a major source of risk for a bank or a firm that deals on its own account (including Underwriting on a firm commitment basis) and whose Non-Trading Book assets equal or exceed 15% of its total assets. Interest rate risk in the Non-Trading Book may arise from a number of possible sources, such as:

a.

risks related to the 'mismatch' of repricing of assets and liabilities and off balance sheet short and long-term positions;

b.

risks arising from hedging Exposure to one interest rate with Exposure to a rate which reprices under slightly different conditions;

c.

risks related to the uncertainties of occurrence of transactions, for example, when expected future transactions do not equal the actual transactions; and

d.

risks arising from consumers redeeming fixed rate products when market rates change.

7.1

Application

7.1.1

This Chapter applies to an Authorised Person in Category 1 or 2 on a solo basis.

7.1.2 Where an Authorised Person to which this Chapter applies is part of a Financial Group, this Chapter also applies on a consolidated basis in relation to all the entities within the Financial Group.

7.2

Stress testing for Non-Trading Book interest rate risk

7.2.1

An Authorised Person must carry out an evaluation of its Exposure to the