 rate risk. Rather, the Regulator may impose an Individual Capital Requirement (ICR) under Chapter 10 where it is of the view that the Authorised Person's Capital Requirement is insufficient to address adequately all its risks, and in particular its Exposure to interest rate risk in the Non-Trading Book .

2.

Sections 10.3 and 10.4 of Chapter 10 require an Authorised Person to submit IRAP and ICAAP assessments to the Regulator within four months of the end of the firm's financial year. The provisions also require the firm to ensure the assessments are documented in writing and to retain the records for at least six years.

3.

An Authorised Person's record of its approach to evaluating and managing interest rate risk in its Non-Trading Book, as part of its ICAAP should cover the following issues:

a.

the internal definition of, and boundary between, "Non-Trading Book " and "trading activities" in accordance with Chapter 2 and App2;

b.

the definition of economic value and its consistency with the method used to value assets and liabilities (e.g. discounted cashflows);

c.

the size and the form of the different shocks to be used for internal calculations;

d.

the use of a dynamic and / or static approach in the application of interest rate shocks;

e.

the treatment of commonly called "pipeline transactions" (including any related hedging);

f.

the aggregation of multi-currency interest rate Exposures;

g.

the inclusion (or not) of non-interest bearing assets and liabilities (including capital and reserves);

h.

the treatment of current and savings accounts (i.e. the maturity attached to Exposures without a contractual maturity);

i.

the treatment of fixed rate assets (liabilities) where customers still have a right to repay (withdraw) early;

j.

the extent to which sensitivities to small shocks can be scaled up on a linear basis without material loss of accuracy (i.e. covering both convexity generally and the non-linearity of pay-off associated with explicit Option products);

201

PRU VER17.290725

k.

the degree of granularity employed (for example, offsets within a time bucket); and

l.

whether all future cash flows or only principal balances are included.

7.4

Systems and controls for Non-Trading Book interest rate risk

Non-Trading Book interest rate risk policy

7.4.1

(1)

An Authorised Person must implement and maintain a policy which enables it to identify, assess, control and monitor its Non-Trading Book interest rate risk.

(2)

The policy must be documented and include an appropriate interest rate risk strategy as well as an enterprise-wide interest rate risk management framework appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of its Non-Trading Book activities. The strategy and management framework must:

(a)

enable the Governing Body and senior management of the Authorised Person to have an enterprise-wide view of interest rate risk as it applies to non-trading activities;

(b)

include a system for identifying and assessing Non-Trading Book interest rate risk and its sources;

(c)

include a process for the measurement and monitoring of Non- Trading Book interest rate risk, using robust and consistent methods which enable the Authorised Person to implement the requirements set out in Rules 7.2.1 to 7.2.6; and

(d)

include a system for controlling and managing Non-Trading Book interest rate risk which enables it to comply with the overall risk management standards expected of an Authorised Person and ensure continued compliance with these Rules.

(3)

An Authorised Person must identify the Non-Trading Book interest rate risk impact of any new product, activity or service that it proposes to start and ensure that such impacts are duly addressed with adequate controls before the new product or activity is undertaken or introduced.

(4)

An Authorised Person must:

(a)

ensure that its risk management systems enable it to implement the Non-Trading Book interest rate risk policy;

(b)

identify, assess, mitigate, control and monitor the risk; and

(c)

review and update the policy at intervals that are appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of its activities.

202

PRU VER17.290725

Guidance

1.

The Regulator expects that an Authorised Person's strategy towards Non-Trading Book interest rate risk will set out the approach that the Authorised Person will take towards management of the risk,