 skilled in the use of sophisticated models not only in the trading area but also in the risk control, audit, and if necessary, back office areas;

e.

the Authorised Person's models have a proven track record of reasonable accuracy in measuring risk; and

f.

the Authorised Person regularly conducts stress tests.

In determining whether an internal value at risk (VaR) model meets the standard for approval, the Regulator will apply the criteria set out in Section A6.9, which are based on the Basel Market Risk Capital Amendment 1996 and Basel Revisions to the Basel II Market Risk framework 2009 and which can be grouped under the following headings:

a.

qualitative standards;

b.

specification of Market Risk factors;

c.

quantitative standards;

d.

adjustments to Market Risk Capital Requirements;

e.

stress testing; and

183

PRU VER17.290725

5.

6.

7.

f.

combination of internally developed models and the Standardised Methodology.

In addition to value-at-risk models, the Regulator recognises Option risk aggregation models and interest rate 'pre-processing' or sensitivity models, as set out under the EU's Capital Adequacy Directive (these are the so-called 'CAD1 models').

Option risk aggregation models analyse and aggregate Options risks for interest rate, equity, foreign exchange and commodity Options.

Interest rate pre-processing models are used to calculate weighted positions for inclusion in an Authorised Person's interest rate Market Risk Capital Requirement calculation under the Duration Method.

184

PRU VER17.290725

6

OPERATIONAL RISK

Introduction

Guidance

1.

This Chapter includes the detailed Rules and associated guidance in respect of a firm's obligation to manage effectively its Exposures to Operational Risk. Operational Risk refers to the risk of incurring losses due to the failure of systems, processes, and personnel to perform expected tasks. Operational Risk losses also include losses arising out of legal risk. This Chapter aims to ensure that an Authorised Person has a robust Operational Risk management framework commensurate with the nature, scale and complexity of its operations and that it holds sufficient regulatory capital against Operational Risk Exposures.

2.

This Chapter requires an Authorised Person to:

a.

design and implement an effective Operational Risk management system complete with appropriate systems and controls;

b.

calculate the Operational Risk Capital Requirement and hold the same; and

c.

hold adequate professional indemnity insurance cover.

3.

This Chapter includes, among others, specific Operational Risk management requirements relating to IT systems, information security, outsourcing, business continuity and disaster recovery and the management of Operational Risks in trading rooms.

4.

App7 provides requirements, parameters, calculation methodologies and formulae for calculating the Operational Risk Capital Requirement specified in Chapter 6.

the detailed

6.1

Application

6.1.1

This Chapter applies to an Authorised Person as follows:

(a)

Sections 6.1 to 6.9 apply to an Authorised Person in any Category;

(b)

Sections 6.10 and 6.11 apply only to an Authorised Person in Category 1, 2, 3A or 5;

(c)

Section 6.12 applies only to an Authorised Person in Category 3B, 3C or 4.

Guidance

The GEN rules contain Rules and Guidance in relation to Systems and Controls, some of which may relate to the management of Operational Risk. The Corporate Governance rules in the GEN rules set out overarching requirements in relation to

185

PRU VER17.290725

Board responsibilities, including risk management. The Rules and Guidance in this Section seek to complement the aforementioned requirements, while providing for a framework to address matters which directly relate to Operational Risk management.

6.2

Risk management framework and governance

6.2.1

(1)

An Authorised Person must implement and maintain an Operational Risk policy which enables it to identify, assess, control and monitor Operational Risk.

(2)

The policy must be documented and provide for a sound and well-defined risk management framework to address the Authorised Person's Operational Risk.

(3)

An Authorised Person must:

(a)

ensure that its risk management systems enable it to implement the Operational Risk policy;

(b)

identify, assess, mitigate, control and monitor the risk; and

(c)

review and update the policy at intervals that are appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of its activities