 maintain appropriate systems and controls to manage its information security risk.

Guidance

1.

In establishing its systems and controls to address information security risks, an Authorised Person should have regard to:

a.

confidentiality: information should be accessible only to Persons or systems with appropriate authority, which may require firewalls within a system, as well as entry restrictions;

b.

the risk of loss or theft of customer data;

c.

integrity: safeguarding the accuracy and completeness of information and its processing;

d.

non-repudiation and accountability: ensuring that the Person or system that processed the information cannot deny their actions; and

e.

internal security: including premises security, staff vetting; access rights and portable media, staff internet and email access, encryption, safe disposal of customer data, and training and awareness.

2.

GEN 3.5 contains additional requirements that apply to Authorised Persons in relation to Cyber Risk management.

192

PRU VER17.290725

6.8

Outsourcing

6.8.1

An Authorised Person must establish and maintain appropriate systems and controls to manage its outsourcing risk.

Guidance

1.

The GEN rules set out the Regulator requirements on outsourcing by Authorised Persons. This Section complements the requirements in the GEN rules and contains guidance on managing the Operational Risk associated with outsourcing arrangements.

2.

The assessment of outsourcing risk at an Authorised Person may depend on several factors, including the scope and materiality of the outsourced activity, how well the Authorised Person manages, monitors and controls outsourcing risk (including its general management of Operational Risk), and how well the service provider manages and controls the potential risks of the operation.

3.

Factors that an Authorised Person should consider in establishing outsourcing arrangements include the following:

a.

the financial, reputational and operational impact on the Authorised Person of the failure of a service provider to perform adequately the activity;

b.

potential counterparts in the event of a service provider failure;

losses

to an Authorised Person's customers and

c.

the consequences of outsourcing the activity on the ability and capacity of the Authorised Person to conform with regulatory requirements and changes in such requirements;

d.

the interrelationship of the outsourced activity with other activities within the Authorised Person;

e.

the cost associated with the outsourcing;

f.

any affiliation or other relationship between the Authorised Person and the service provider;

g.

the regulatory status of the service provider;

h.

the degree of difficulty and time required to select an alternative service provider or to bring the business activity in-house, if necessary;

i.

the complexity of the outsourcing arrangement. For example, the ability to control the risks where more than one service provider collaborates to deliver an end-to-end outsourcing solution; and

193

PRU VER17.290725

j.

any data protection, security and other risks which may be adversely affected by the geographical location of an outsourcing service provider. To this end, Specific Risk management expertise in assessing country risk related, for example, to political or legal conditions, could be required when entering into and managing outsourcing arrangements that are taken outside of the home country.

6.9

Business continuity and disaster recovery

Guidance

See GEN regarding requirements relating to an Authorised Person's business continuity and disaster recovery arrangements.

6.10

Management of Operational Risks in trading activities

Guidance

This Section complements the Rules and Guidance set out in other sections of this Chapter with more specific guidance for the identification, assessment, control and monitoring of Operational Risks in trading activities. In this Guidance, reference to "trading activities" should be construed in its natural sense in the context of Regulated Activities and should include an Authorised Person's activities in Dealing in Investments as Principal and Dealing in Investments as Agent. In addressing the Operational Risks arising from trading activities, an Authorised Person should consider the following:

a.

staff members in support and control functions, comprising functions such as operations, settlement, finance, risk management, legal, compliance, internal and external audit, should have adequate representation and authority within the Authorised Person's overall governance framework so as to be able to effectively challenge the activities undertaken by the front office;

b.

Operational Risk management systems should set criteria, indicators and thresholds enabling the identification of material incidents detected by internal control procedures. This should include tracking of Operational Risk losses in trading activities and analysis of those losses for possible inter