isory Haircut (%)

Gold Any equity (including a convertible bond) included in a main index Any equity (including a convertible bond) traded on a regulated exchange

15

15

25

Any unit in a Collective Investment Fund

Cash in the same currency as the underlying exposure Instruments in the Trading Book other than those listed (for pre-settlement Counterparty Exposures arising from SFTs included in the Trading Book).

Highest haircut applicable to any Security in which the Fund can invest 0

25

Guidance

1.

The Credit Quality Grade for a debt security is that associated specifically with that debt security issue.

2.

PSEs and MDBs should be treated as equivalent to central governments for the purpose of this table.

A4.3.14 The standard supervisory haircut, HE, for transactions in which an Authorised Person lends instruments that do not qualify as eligible financial Collateral (e.g. corporate debt Securities with a Credit Quality Grade of 4 or worse) is 25%.

A4.3.15 The standard supervisory haircut, HFX, for currency mismatch where Exposure and Collateral are denominated in different currencies based on a ten-business day holding period and daily revaluation is 8%.

A4.3.16 Where the minimum holding period, frequency of remargining or revaluation assumptions set out for eligible financial Collateral in Rule A4.3.13 differ from those of the Authorised Person, the Authorised Person must adjust HE, HC and HS using the formulae in Rules A4.3.25 to A4.3.26.

Own-estimate haircuts

A4.3.17

(1)

An Authorised Person must apply for approval from the Regulator if it intends to use own-estimate haircuts.

280

PRU VER17.290725

(2)

An Authorised Person must not use own-estimate haircuts unless it has received approval to adopt the internal models approach to calculate the Market Risk Capital Requirement.

(3)

The Regulator may grant approval for an Authorised Person to use own-estimate haircuts subject to such conditions or restrictions as the Regulator may impose.

A4.3.18

If an Authorised Person becomes aware after it has received approval to use own-estimate haircuts that it no longer complies with any of the requirements in Rules A4.3.17 to A4.3.23 or any of the conditions or restrictions imposed by the Regulator pursuant to Rule A4.3.17 or no longer meets the Rules, it must

(a)

inform the Regulator as soon as practicable;

(b)

assess the effect of the situation in terms of the risk posed to the Authorised Person;

(c)

prepare a plan to rectify the situation and inform the Regulator of its plan as soon as practicable; and

(d)

undertake prompt corrective action within a reasonable time in accordance with the plan prepared pursuant to (c).

A4.3.19

If an Authorised Person fails to comply with Rule A4.3.18, the Regulator may revoke its approval for the Authorised Person to use own-estimate haircuts. The Authorised Person may also be required to revise its estimates for the purpose of calculating regulatory Capital Requirements if its estimates of E*, does not adequately reflect its Exposure to Counterparty Credit Risk.

Requirements for use of own-estimate haircuts

A4.3.20 An Authorised Person using own-estimate haircuts must estimate the volatility for each individual instrument that is taken as eligible financial Collateral. In estimating such volatility, the Authorised Person must not take into account the correlations between unsecured Exposures, Collateral and exchange rates. Where there are Maturity Mismatches, the Authorised Person must apply Rules 4.13.14 to 4.13.16.

A4.3.21 An Authorised Person must ensure that the model used to estimate volatilities

captures all the material risks run by it.

A4.3.22

In calculating the haircuts using internal estimates of volatilities, an Authorised Person must:

(a)

use a 99th percentile, one-tailed confidence interval;

(b)

use the minimum holding period and remargining or revaluation conditions according to the type of transaction as set out in Rules A4.3.24 to A4.3