 from its Capital Resources.

323

PRU VER17.290725

APP5 CREDIT VALUATION ADJUSTMENT (CVA) RISK

A5.1 Meaning of Credit Valuation Adjustment

For the purposes of this Appendix, "Credit Valuation Adjustment" or "CVA" means an adjustment to the fair value of the portfolio of transactions with a counterparty. The adjustment reflects the current market value of the Credit Risk of the counterparty to the Authorised Person, but does not reflect the current market value of the credit risk of the Authorised Person to the counterparty.

A5.2 Scope

A5.2.1

(1)

Subject to (2), an Authorised Person must calculate its capital requirement for CVA risk in accordance with this Appendix for all OTC Derivative Contracts in respect of all of its business activities, other than Credit Derivatives recognised to reduce risk-weighted exposure amounts for Credit Risk.

(2)

Subject to the written approval of the Regulator, an Authorised Person whose aggregate notional amount of OTC Derivatives is less than or equal to US $100 billion may choose to set its capital requirement for CVA risk as equal to 100% of its capital requirement for Counterparty Credit Risk, where this treatment must be applied to the entire portfolio of the Authorised Person and CVA hedges are not recognised.

Guidance

The Regulator may remove this option if it determines that the CVA risk resulting from the derivative positions of the Authorised Person contributes materially to the overall risk profile of the Authorised Person.

A5.2.2

An Authorised Person must include Securities Financing Transactions in the calculation of the capital requirement required by Rule A5.2.1 if the Authorised Person considers the CVA risk exposures arising from those transactions are material. The Authorised Person should assess the materiality of CVA risk exposures arising from SFTs in the course of its Internal Risk Assessment Process, as set out in A11.1.

A5.2.3

Transactions with a QCCP and a client's transactions with a clearing member, when the clearing member is acting as an intermediary between the client and a QCCP and the transactions give rise to a trade exposure of the clearing member to the QCCP, are excluded from the capital requirements for CVA risk.

A5.3 Calculation of CVA capital requirement

A5.3.1

An Authorised Person must calculate a portfolio capital requirement for CVA risk for each counterparty in accordance with the following formula, taking into account CVA hedges that are eligible in accordance with Section A5.4:

324

PRU VER17.290725

ğ¾ = 2.33 âˆ™ âˆšâ„

2

âˆš(âˆ‘0.5 âˆ™ ğ‘¤ğ‘– ğ‘–

(ğ‘€ğ‘– âˆ™ ğ¸ğ´ğ· ğ‘–

ğ‘¡ğ‘œğ‘¡ğ‘ğ‘™ âˆ’ ğ‘€ğ‘–

â„ğ‘’ğ‘‘ğ‘”ğ‘’ğµğ‘–) âˆ’âˆ‘ğ‘Šğ‘–ğ‘›ğ‘‘ âˆ™

ğ‘–ğ‘›ğ‘‘

ğ‘€ğ‘–ğ‘›ğ‘‘ âˆ™ ğµğ‘–ğ‘›ğ‘‘)

2 +âˆ‘0.75 âˆ™ ğ‘¤ğ‘–

ğ‘–

(ğ‘€ğ‘– âˆ™ ğ¸ğ´ğ·ğ‘–

where:

h

= the one-year risk horizon (in units of a year); h=1;

wi

= the weight applicable to counterparty i.

Counterparty i must be mapped to one of the six weights wi based on the Credit Quality Grade determined from an external credit assessment by a nominated ECAI, as set out in Table 1. For a counterparty for which a credit assessment by a nominated ECAI is not available, an Authorised Person must assign wi=1.0% to this counterparty;

Credit Quality Grade

Weight wi

1

0.7%

2

0.8%

3

1.0%

4

2.0%

5

3.0%

6

