 required by the Regulator.

(5)

An IRAP assessment conducted by the firm pursuant to (4) must be approved by its Governing Body and then submitted to the Regulator within two months, or such other period as may be specified by the Regulator, from the date of such material change or requirement.

10.3.3

The results of an IRAP assessment must be documented by the Authorised Person in writing and include details of:

(a)

the risks identified;

(b)

the firm's strategies and plans to deal with those risks;

(c)

the firm's assessment of the adequacy of its Capital Requirement as calculated under these Rules to address all the risks identified by its IRAP;

(d)

the details of any stress testing and scenario analysis carried out and the resultant impact on the Capital Requirement; and

(e)

any other relevant information, giving due regard to the Guidance in App11.

10.3.4

An Authorised Person must retain the records of an IRAP assessment for at least six years.

10.4

ICAAP

10.4.1

This Section applies to an Authorised Person in Category 1, 2, 3A or 5.

229

PRU VER17.290725

10.4.2

(1)

An Authorised Person must implement and maintain an ICAAP which details the processes and procedures by which the firm will assess and maintain adequate Capital Resources in relation to the risks faced by it.

(2)

The firm must conduct an ICAAP assessment at least annually giving due regard to the Guidance in Section A11.2 of App11.

(3)

The ICAAP assessment conducted by the firm pursuant to (2) must be approved by its Governing Body and then submitted to the Regulator within four months from the end of the firm's financial year.

(4)

In addition to (2), the firm must conduct an ICAAP assessment:

(a)

whenever there is material change to the business, strategy, nature or scale of the activities of the firm which may have a significant impact on its risk profile or adequacy of its Capital Resources or Adjusted Capital Resources, as applicable; or

(b)

as and when required by the Regulator.

(5)

The ICAAP assessment conducted by the firm pursuant to (4) must be approved by its Governing Body and then submitted to the Regulator within two months from the date of such material change or requirement.

10.4.3

An Authorised Person must ensure that an ICAAP assessment is documented in writing and includes details of:

(a)

the calculations and models used in the determination of the level of Capital Requirements which it considers will be adequate to cover all the risks identified by its ICAAP assessment;

(b)

the firm's strategies and plans to ensure availability of the level of capital determined by the ICAAP;

(c)

specifications of any models used in the ICAAP, including the underlying assumptions, parameters, and results of back-testing; and

(d)

any other relevant information, giving due and appropriate regard to the Guidance in App11.

10.4.4

An Authorised Person must retain the records of an ICAAP assessment for at least six years.

10.5

SREP

Guidance

1.

The Regulator may conduct a SREP to review and evaluate the assessments carried out by an Authorised Person under its IRAP (relevant to firms in Categories 1, 2, 3A, 3B, 3C and 5) and ICAAP (relevant to firms in Categories 1, 2, 3A and 5). Section A11.3 of App11 contains guidance in relation to a SREP.

230

PRU VER17.290725

2.

The Regulator may engage with a firm in Categories 1, 2, 3A and 5 in a dialogue where, following an SREP, the Regulator considers that it is or may be appropriate to impose an Individual Capital Requirement on the firm.

3.

It is important that a firm cooperates in an open and co-operative manner with the Regulator in the course of its conduct of the dialogue.

10.6

Imposition of an Individual Capital Requirement

10.6.1

(1)

This Section applies to an Authorised Person in Category 1, 2, 