 not met, they will be treated as Non-Trading Book items.

2.

For the purposes of Section A2.1, a loan will attract General Market Risk (see Chapter 5) and Counterparty Risk (see Chapter 4) on the marked-to-market valuation.

241

PRU VER17.290725

A2.1.12

(1)

If an internal hedge meets the criteria specified in (2), an Authorised Person may include it in the Trading Book without prejudice to the Capital Requirement application to the Non-Trading Book "leg" of the internal hedge.

(2)

Positions arising from internal hedges are eligible for Trading Book capital treatment, provided that they meet the criteria for trading intent specified in Rule A2.1.5 and the following criteria on prudent valuation:

(a)

the internal hedge is not primarily intended to avoid or reduce Capital Requirements which the Authorised Person would be otherwise required to maintain;

(b)

the internal hedge is properly documented and subject to specific internal approval and audit procedures;

(c)

the internal hedge is dealt with at market conditions;

(d)

the bulk of the Market Risk which is generated by the internal hedge is dynamically managed in the Trading Book within the limits approved by senior management; and

(e)

the internal hedge is carefully monitored with adequate procedures.

(3)

Where an Authorised Person hedges a Non-Trading Book Exposure using a Credit Derivative booked in the Trading Book, the Non-Trading Book Exposure is not deemed to be hedged for the purpose of calculating its regulatory Capital Requirement, unless the Authorised Person purchases from an eligible protection provider a Credit Derivative which complies with the requirements and meets the guidelines set out in the relevant Section of Chapter 4. Where eligible credit protection is purchased and is recognised as a hedge of the Non-Trading Book Exposure for the purpose of calculating its regulatory Capital Requirement, the Authorised Person may exclude both the internal and external Credit Derivative hedge from the Trading Book for the purpose of calculating its regulatory Capital Requirement for the period of the hedge.

Guidance

An internal hedge is a position that materially or completely offsets the component risk element of a Non-Trading Book position or a set of positions.

Transfer of General Market Risk between the Trading Book and the Non-Trading Book

Guidance

1.

General Market Risk arising from the Trading Book may hedge Non-Trading Book positions without reference to specific Financial Instruments.

242

PRU VER17.290725

2.

An Authorised Person may achieve the transfer of General Market Risk between the Trading Book and Non-Trading Book by entering into a notional legal agreement between the Trading Book and Non-Trading Book as if they were third parties.

A2.1.13 An Authorised Person must ensure that:

(a)

a transfer of General Market Risk between its Trading Book and Non-Trading Book is subject to appropriate documentation and evidenced by a clear audit trail;

(b)

positions held in its Non-Trading Book that are being hedged by General Market Risk arising from positions in the Trading Book remain in the Non- Trading Book; and

(c)

the General Market Risk Exposure associated with the positions in the Non-Trading Book is incorporated into the calculation of General Market Risk in the Trading Book.

Guidance

An example of the application of Rule A2.1.13(c) is as follows:

a.

An Authorised Person may have a fixed-rate loan portfolio in the Non-Trading Book. Although the Non-Trading Book does not attract a regulatory capital charge for interest rate risk, the portfolio is subject to interest rate risk. Firms may prefer to transfer this risk to the Trading Book where it may be actively managed.

b.

The Authorised Person may transfer this interest rate risk by entering into, for example, a fixed versus floating rate swap between the Trading Book and the Non-Trading Book. The notional long and short positions created as result of the swap are recorded in the Trading Book, and the swap positions may be treated as Financial Instruments provided that appropriate documentation is in place (see Rule A2.1.14). The General Market Risk requirements associated with the swap legs are allocated to the appropriate Trading Book General Market Risk bucket and thus may reduce the overall General Market Risk requirement in the Trading Book.

c.

For an Authorised Person to undertake such a transaction there should be existing positions in the Trading Book, which result in a sufficient General Market Risk requirement to offset the General Market Risk