ii)

the entity providing the guarantee must be a bank regulated to standards acceptable to the Regulator;

(iv)

the total amount of guarantees provided to the Authorised Person must be less than 10% of the Tier 1 of the entity providing the guarantee;

(v)

the Parent must have an external credit assessment from an ECAI that corresponds to a Credit Quality Grade 1 or 2;

(vi)

the Authorised Person must provide confirmation from the Home State Regulator of the entity providing the guarantee that it is satisfied that the entity providing the guarantee has sufficient resources to provide such guarantees and has no objection to the provision of such guarantees;

(vii)

the Authorised Person should provide an annual confirmation that there are no changes to the enforceability of such guarantees; and

(viii)

the Authorised Person must notify the Regulator when such guarantees represent 200%, 400% and 600% of Tier 1. The overall Large Exposure limit of 800% will apply.

176

PRU VER17.290725

5

MARKET RISK

Introduction

Guidance

1.

This Chapter addresses the capital requirements in respect of managing the Market Risk Exposures of an Authorised Person. Market Risk refers to the risk of incurring losses on positions held by an Authorised Person with trading intent, due to adverse changes in market prices or in underlying value drivers. This Chapter aims to ensure that an Authorised Person engaging in activities exposing the firm to risks associated with potential adverse movements in market prices adopts adequate, appropriate, sound and effective risk management practices and holds regulatory capital of the right quality that is also commensurate with the risks involved.

2.

This Chapter includes requirements that an Authorised Person:

a.

implement a comprehensive Market Risk management framework to manage, measure and monitor Market Risk commensurate with the nature, scale and complexity of the firm's operations; and

b.

calculate the Market Risk Capital Requirement and hold the same.

3.

The Chapter allows the use of standard pre-defined methodologies for estimating the Capital Requirement and also allows the use of internal models approved by the Regulator to calculate a firm's Market Risk Capital Requirement. The Chapter covers Rules for determining Market Risk Capital Requirement on Exposures involving interest rate risk, equity risk, foreign exchange risk, commodities risk, Options risk, Collective Investment Fund risk and Securities Underwriting risk.

4.

App6 provides requirements, parameters, calculation methodologies and formulae in respect of the primary requirements outlined in Chapter 5. App6 also provides detailed guidance on criteria for approval of internal models for calculation of Market Risk Capital Requirement, incorporation of incremental risk charges in internal models, if allowed and guidance on the required level of stress testing.

the detailed

5.1

Application

5.1.1

This Chapter applies to an Authorised Person in Category 1, 2, 3A or 5 as follows:

(a)

Sections 5.2 to 5.11 apply to an Authorised Person in Category 1 or 2;

(b)

Sections 5.2 and 5.6 apply to an Authorised Person in Category 3A; and

(c)

Sections 5.2, 5.3 and 5.5 to 5.11 apply to an Authorised Person in Category 5.

177

PRU VER17.290725

Guidance

1.

Rule 5.3.1 provides that the Market Risk Capital Requirement of an Authorised is calculated as the sum of a number of Subsidiary Capital Person Requirements. Sections 5.4 to 5.10 set out the manner in which each of those Subsidiary Capital Requirements must be calculated, monitored and controlled by an Authorised Person.

2.

In addition to complying with the applicable Rules in Chapter 5, an Authorised Person investing in or holding Islamic Contracts whether or not for the purpose of a PSIA will need to take account of the provisions under the IFR rules to calculate the Market Risk for those Islamic Contracts.

5.2

Market Risk systems and controls

5.2.1

(1)

An Authorised Person in Category 1, 2, 3A or 5 must implement and maintain a Market Risk policy which enables it to identify, assess, control and monitor Market Risk.

(2)

The policy must be documented and include the Authorised Person's risk appetite and how it identifies, assess