 in or holding Islamic Contracts whether or not for the purpose of a PSIA will need to take account of the provisions under the IFR rules to calculate the Market Risk for those Islamic Contracts.

5.2

Market Risk systems and controls

5.2.1

(1)

An Authorised Person in Category 1, 2, 3A or 5 must implement and maintain a Market Risk policy which enables it to identify, assess, control and monitor Market Risk.

(2)

The policy must be documented and include the Authorised Person's risk appetite and how it identifies, assesses, mitigates, controls and monitors that risk.

(3)

An Authorised Person must:

(a)

ensure that its risk management systems enable it to implement the Market Risk policy;

(b)

identify, assess, mitigate, control and monitor its Market Risk; and

(c)

review and update the policy at intervals that are appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of its activities.

Guidance

Guidance in respect of what an Authorised Person's Market Risk policy should include is provided in Section A6.1.

5.3

Calculation of the Market Risk Capital Requirement

5.3.1

An Authorised Person must calculate its Market Risk Capital Requirement as the sum of the following components:

(a)

Interest Rate Risk Capital Requirement;

(b)

Equity Risk Capital Requirement;

(c)

Foreign Exchange Risk Capital Requirement;

(d)

Commodities Risk Capital Requirement;

178

PRU VER17.290725

(e)

Option Risk Capital Requirement;

(f)

Collective Investment Fund Risk Capital Requirement; and

(g)

Securities Underwriting Capital Requirement.

Guidance

1.

Detailed Rules and Guidance in respect of the Market Risk Capital Requirement and each of its components in (a) to (g) are contained in this Chapter.

2.

Rules and Guidance in respect of calculating Market Risk for Islamic Contracts are contained in the IFR rules.

5.4

Interest Rate Risk Capital Requirement

5.4.1

An Authorised Person in Category 1 or 2 must calculate its Interest Rate Risk Capital Requirement in respect of Trading Book transactions:

(a)

by applying its internal Market Risk model which has been approved by the Regulator for this purpose; or

(b)

by applying the Rules set out in Section A6.2.

5.5

Equity Risk Capital Requirement

5.5.1

An Authorised Person in Category 1, 2 or 5, must calculate its Equity Risk Capital Requirement in respect of Trading Book transactions:

(a)

by applying its internal Market Risk Model which has been approved by the Regulator for this purpose; or

(b)

by applying the Rules set out in Section A6.3.

5.6

Foreign Exchange Risk Capital Requirement

5.6.1

An Authorised Person in Category 1, 2, 3A or 5 must, subject to Rule 5.6.2, calculate its in respect of Trading Book and Foreign Exchange Risk Capital Requirement Non-Trading Book foreign exchange positions by:

(a)

applying its internal Market Risk model which has been approved by the Regulator for this purpose; or

(b)

applying the Rules in Section A6.4.

5.6.2

An Authorised Person need not calculate a Foreign Exchange Risk Capital Requirement if:

179

PRU VER17.290725

(a)

its Foreign Currency business, defined as the greater of the sum of its gross long positions and the sum of its gross short positions in all Foreign Currencies, does not exceed 100% of Capital Resources as defined in Chapter 3; and

(b)

its overall net open position as defined in Rule A6.4.4 does not exceed 2% of its Capital Resources as defined in Chapter 3.

5.7

Commodities Risk Capital Requirement

5.7.1

An Authorised Person in Category 1, 2 or 5 must calculate its Commodities Risk Capital Requirement in respect of Trading Book and Non-Trading Book commodity positions by:

(a)

applying its internal Market Risk model which has been approved by the Regulator for this purpose; or

(b)

applying the Rules set out in Section A6.5.

5.8

Option Risk Capital Requirement

5.8.1

An Authorised Person in Category 1, 2 or 5 must calculate an Option Risk