 of the corresponding collateral to another clearing member within the applicable margin period of risk in the event of default or insolvency of the original clearing member. In such a circumstance, the Authorised

304

PRU VER17.290725

Person's position and the collateral must be transferred at market value unless the client requests to close out the position at market value.

A4.9.9 Where an Authorised Person is a client of the clearing member and the conditions set out in Rule A4.9.8 are not satisfied, the Authorised Person must capitalise its exposure to the clearing member as a bilateral OTC transaction in accordance with A4.6.14.

A4.9.10 Without prejudice to Rule A4.9.9, where an Authorised Person that is a client is not protected from losses where the clearing member and another client of the clearing member jointly default, but all the other conditions set out in Rule A4.9.8 are met, it must calculate Credit RWA in respect of its exposure to the clearing member in accordance with Rule A4.6.14, except that it must apply a CRW of 4%.

Trade Exposures in an indirect clearing arrangement

A4.9.11 Where an Authorised Person that is a client accesses the services of a CCP through indirect clearing arrangements (where, for example it is a client of a clearing member's client), it may calculate Credit RWA in respect of its exposure to its intermediary in accordance with Rules A4.9.7 and A4.9.8, provided that the conditions set out in Rule A4.9.8 are satisfied at every level of the chain of intermediaries.

Treatment of posted collateral

A4.9.12 Any collateral posted pursuant to transactions covered by Rules A4.9.3 to A4.9.11 must, from the perspective of the Authorised Person posting such collateral, receive the CRWs that otherwise apply to such assets or collateral, regardless of the fact that such collateral has been posted as collateral as part of a clearing arrangement.

A4.9.13 Where collateral of a clearing member or client is posted with a QCCP or a clearing member, the Authorised Person posting such collateral must also recognise credit risk arising as a result of the collateral being exposed to risk of loss based on the creditworthiness of the entity holding such collateral according to the following Rules:

(a)

Where the entity holding such collateral is the QCCP, a CRW of 2% applies to collateral posted in relation to Trade Exposures. The relevant CRW of the QCCP will apply to collateral posted for other purposes. Where the Authorised Person uses the SA-CCR to calculate exposures, collateral posted which is not held in a bankruptcy remote manner must be accounted for in the NICA term in accordance with Rule A4.6.14. Where the Authorised Person uses an IMM Model in accordance with Rule A4.6.14, the alpha multiplier must be applied to the exposure on posted collateral.

(b)

All collateral posted by the clearing member (including cash, securities, other pledged assets and excess initial or variation margin) that is held by a custodian and is bankruptcy remote from the QCCP, is not subject to a capital requirement for Counterparty Credit Risk exposure to such bankruptcy remote custodian (i.e. the related CRW is 0%).

(c)

Collateral posted by a client, that is held by a custodian, and is bankruptcy remote from the QCCP, the clearing member and other clients, is not subject to a capital requirement for Counterparty Credit Risk. If the collateral is held

305

PRU VER17.290725

at the QCCP on a client's behalf and is not held on a bankruptcy remote basis, a 2% risk-weight must apply to the collateral if the conditions in Rule A4.9.9 are met; or 4% if the conditions in Rule A4.9.10 are met.

Guidance

The treatments set out in Rule A4.9.13 are summarised in the table below.

Collateral

posted by

held by

Bankruptcy remote

Conditions

Risk weight

Clearing member QCCP

No

2%

Client

Clearing member

No

CRW QCCP

of

Clearing member Custodian

Yes

0