 cash-flow projection for each scenario tested, based on reasonable estimates of the impact (both on and off-balance sheet) of that scenario on the Authorised Person's funding needs and sources.

(3)

An Authorised Person must frequently review the assumptions used in stress testing scenarios to ensure they remain appropriate.

Guidance

1.

The identification of the possible balance sheet and off-balance sheet impact referred to in Rule 9.2.9(2)(b) should take into account:

a.

possible changes in the market's perception of the Authorised Person and the effects that this might have on the Authorised Person's access to the markets, including:

i.

where the Authorised Person funds its holdings of assets in one currency with liabilities in another, access to foreign less frequently traded exchange markets, particularly currencies;

in

ii.

access to secured funding, including by way of repurchase agreement transactions; and

iii.

the extent to which the Authorised Person may rely on committed facilities made available to it;

b.

whenever applicable the possible effect of each scenario tested on currencies whose exchange rates are currently pegged or fixed; and

c.

that:

i.

general market turbulence may trigger a substantial increase in the extent to which Persons exercise rights against the Authorised Person under off-balance sheet instruments to which the Authorised Person is party;

ii.

access to OTC Derivative and foreign exchange markets is sensitive to credit-ratings;

iii.

Early Amortisation in asset securitisation transactions with which the Authorised Person has a connection may be triggered; and

iv.

its ability to securitise assets may be reduced.

220

PRU VER17.290725

9.2.10

(1)

An Authorised Person must have a documented contingency funding plan to ensure that, for each of the tested scenarios, the Authorised Person has sufficient liquid financial resources to meet its liabilities as they fall due.

(2)

The contingency funding plan referred to in (1) must:

(a)

list the events or circumstances that will lead the Authorised Person to put any part of the plan into action;

(b)

set out the extent to which the plan relies upon:

(i)

asset sales, using assets as Collateral on secured funding (including repurchase agreements), securitising its assets or otherwise reducing its assets;

(ii)

modifying the structure of, or increasing, its liabilities; and

(iii)

the use of committed facilities; and

(c)

contain administrative policies and procedures that will enable the Authorised Person to manage the implementation of the plan, including:

(i)

the responsibilities of senior management;

(ii)

the names, location and contact details of members of the team responsible for implementing the plan;

(iii)

the details of who is responsible for contact with the Authorised Person's head office (if appropriate), analysts, investors, external Auditors, media, significant customers, regulators and others; and

(iv)

the mechanisms that enable senior management and the accurate, Governing comprehensive, reliable management information.

Body

to timely

receive and

relevant,

9.3

Liquidity requirements

9.3.1

This Section applies to an Authorised Person in Category 1 or 5.

Global liquidity concession

9.3.2

(1)

An Authorised Person which carries on business in the ADGM through a Branch may apply to the Regulator for a global liquidity concession.

(2)

An application for a global liquidity concession must be made in accordance with the requirements in section A10.1 of App10.

221

PRU VER17.290725

(3)

If the Regulator grants a global liquidity concession to an Authorised Person, that Authorised Person need not comply with the quantitative liquidity requirements of this Section.

(4)

The Regulator may specify the period for which a global liquidity concession is valid.

Guidance

Section A10.1 in App10 provides guidance in respect of the type of information upon which the Regulator will base its assessment of an application for a global liquidity concession.

HQLA requirement

9.3.3

An Authorised Person must at all times maintain an adequate level of HQLA to meet its liquidity needs for a minimum 30 calendar day period under a severe stress scenario.

Rules A10.2.2 to A10.2.9 in App10 set out the conditions for assets to be treated as