 where the material risks of the position are hedged, the extent to which hedging instruments used have an active and liquid two-way market; and

C.

derive reliable external estimates for the key assumptions and parameters used in the model;

iii.

the extent to which the Authorised Person can, and is required to, generate valuations for the position which can validated externally by its Auditors or by the Regulator in a consistent manner;

iv.

the extent to which the Authorised Person can, and is required to, maintain documents to support valuations of its Trading Book positions;

v.

the basis for determining and maintaining valuation adjustments for the purposes of calculating regulatory Capital Requirements;

245

PRU VER17.290725

vi.

the extent to which legal restrictions or other operational requirements would impede the ability of the Authorised Person to effect an immediate liquidation of the position; and

vii.

the extent to which the Authorised Person can, and is required to, actively risk manage a position within its trading operations;

c.

transfers between Non-Trading and Trading Books, including:

i.

the extent to which an Authorised Person may transfer positions between the Non-Trading Book and the Trading Book and the criteria for such transfers;

ii.

the procedures to effect such transfers; and

iii.

the controls in place to prevent inappropriate transfers of positions between the Non-Trading Book and the Trading Book; and

d.

the following additional considerations:

i.

whether there are any subsidiaries or offshore branches of the Authorised Person undertaking transactions to be included in the Trading Book. If so, a list of such subsidiaries or branches shall be included, along with a description of the trading activities carried out by such entities;

ii.

the treatment of inter-desk deals; and

iii.

the identification and management of structural foreign exchange positions.

2.

An Authorised Person should prepare its Trading Book policy on a consolidated basis where the Financial Group either manages its trading risk centrally or employs the same risk management techniques across all the entities in the Financial Group. Where a Trading Book policy is prepared on a consolidated basis, an Authorised Person should ensure that its application to the Authorised Person and each of the other entities in the Financial Group is made clear and approved by the Governing Body of the Authorised Person and the Governing Body of each of those entities.

A2.3

Risk management systems and controls for Trading Book

A2.3.1

An Authorised Person must establish and maintain effective systems and controls to manage its Trading Book.

A2.3.2

An Authorised Person must establish and maintain systems and controls sufficient to provide prudent and reliable valuation estimates. These systems and controls must include:

246

PRU VER17.290725

(a)

documented policies and procedures for the process of valuation (including clearly defined responsibilities of the various areas in the determination of the valuation, sources of market information and review of their appropriateness, frequency of independent valuation, timing of closing prices, procedures for adjusting valuations, month end and ad-hoc verification procedures); and

involved

(b)

reporting lines for the department accountable for the valuation process that are clear and independent of the front office.

A2.4

Reporting to the Regulator

A2.4.1

The forms to be used by Authorised Persons for the purpose of reporting under these Rules are set out in EPRS.

A2.5

Prudent Valuation Practices

Guidance

1.

This following guidance sets out the Regulator's expectations for prudent valuation practices, including adequate systems and controls and valuation methodologies, for the purpose of Section 2.4 of these Rules.

Systems and controls

2.

Authorised Persons should establish and maintain adequate systems and controls sufficient to give management and the Regulator the confidence that their valuation estimates are prudent and reliable. These systems should be integrated with other risk management systems within the organisation (such as credit analysis). Such systems are expected to include:

a.

documented policies and procedures for the process of valuation. This includes clearly defined responsibilities of the various areas involved in the determination of the valuation, sources of market information and review of their appropriateness, guidelines for the use of unobservable inputs reflecting the Authorised Person's assumptions of what market participants would use in pricing the position, frequency of independent valuation, timing of closing prices, procedures for adjusting valuations, end of the month and ad-h