 of financial or liquidity stress, an Authorised Person may liquidate part of its stock of HQLA and use the cash generated to cover cash outflows. Subject to Rule 9.3.9, the Authorised Person's level of HQLA may fall below the levels required under

223

PRU VER17.290725

its LCR Requirement to the extent necessary to deal with cash outflows during that period.

Notification if LCR Requirement is not met

9.3.9

An Authorised Person must notify the Regulator in writing immediately if it does not meet, or becomes aware of circumstances that may result in it not meeting, at any time, its LCR Requirement (including during a period of stress referred to in Rule 9.3.8).

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Person should in its notification clearly explain:

a.

the reasons for not meeting the LCR Requirement;

b.

measures that have been taken and will be taken to ensure it reverts to meeting its LCR Requirement as soon as possible; and

c.

its expectations regarding the potential duration of the situation.

2.

An Authorised Person that makes a notification should discuss with the Regulator what, if any, further steps it should take to deal with the situation.

The Liquidity Mismatch Approach

Guidance

The Liquidity Mismatch Approach measures an Authorised Person's short-term liquidity by assessing the maturity mismatch between its inflows (assets) and outflows (liabilities) over an eight-day time horizon.

9.3.10

(1)

An Authorised Person in Category 1 or 5 must use the Liquidity Mismatch Approach, as set out in this Section, to measure its short-term liquidity.

(2)

When using the Liquidity Mismatch Approach, an Authorised Person must determine the net cumulative maturity mismatch position for the time band from sight to eight days by:

(a)

determining, in accordance with the Rules in Section A10.3, the inflows (assets) and outflows (liabilities) in that time band; and

(b)

subtracting outflows (liabilities) from inflows (assets) in that time band.

Measuring liquidity for Category 1 and Category 5

9.3.11

(1)

An Authorised Person in Category 1 or 5 must determine a net cumulative maturity mismatch position for the sight-eight day time band in respect of each of the following means of funding used by the Authorised Person:

(a)

PSIAus; and

224

PRU VER17.290725

(b)

Deposits.

(2)

An Authorised Person in Category 1 or 5 must calculate its short-term liquidity by using the net cumulative maturity mismatch position separately for each means of funding used by the Authorised Person as a percentage of the means of funding in the sight-eight day time band as follows:

(a)

PSIAus net cumulative maturity mismatch % =

Net cumulative maturity mismatch x 100 Total PSIAus

(b)

Total Deposit liabilities net cumulative maturity mismatch % =

Net cumulative maturity mismatch x 100 Total Deposits

(3)

If an Authorised Person exceeds a net cumulative maturity mismatch limit of -15% in respect of any of the means of funding it must immediately inform the Regulator in writing and clearly explain what steps it will take to bring its liquidity position back within the limit.

Net Stable Funding Ratio - NSFR

9.3.12

An Authorised Person must maintain an NSFR of at least 100% at all times, calculated using the following formula.

NSFR = Available Stable Funding / Required Stable Funding

Guidance

1.

The NSFR complements the LCR and is designed to enable Authorised Persons to maintain a stable funding profile over a longer time horizon than that associated with the LCR. It is based on assigning factors to the liabilities and capital instruments of an Authorised Person that reflect their stability, and to the assets and off-balance sheet items of that Authorised Person that reflect their liquidity.

2.

Section A10.4 of App10 sets out how the amounts of Available Stable Funding and Required Stable Funding are to be calculated.

9.3.13

An Authorised Person must notify the Regulator immediately and confirm in writing if its NSFR falls below 100% or if it believes that is likely to happen.

9.3.14