 reviewing their policies and limits for interest rate risk. Possible stress scenarios for this exercise should include:

a.

historical scenarios;

b.

changes in the general level of interest rates, e.g. changes in yields of 200 basis points or more in one year;

c.

changes in the relationships between key market rates (i.e. basis risk), e.g.

i.

a surge in term and savings Deposit rates and benchmark rates but no change in the prime rate, and

ii.

a drop in the prime rate but no change in term and savings Deposit rates and benchmark rates;

d.

changes in interest rates in individual time bands to different relative levels (i.e. yield curve risk);

e.

changes in the liquidity of key financial markets or changes in the volatility of market rates; and

204

PRU VER17.290725

f.

changes in key business assumptions and parameters such as the correlation between two currencies. in assumptions used for illiquid instruments and instruments with uncertain contractual maturities help understanding of an Authorised Person's risk profile.

In particular, changes

5.

An Authorised Person should consider the standards for stress testing recommended in the paper published by the BCBS Standards - Interest rate risk in the banking book (April 2016) – in developing the stress testing scenarios. In particular, an Authorised Person should include the technical specifications of a standardised interest rate shock detailed in Annex 2 of that paper.

Responsibilities of Governing Body

7.4.2

(1)

An Authorised Person must ensure that its Governing Body is responsible for monitoring the nature and level of Non-Trading Book interest rate risk assumed by the Authorised Person and the process used to manage that risk.

(2)

Without limiting the operation of (1), the responsibilities of an Authorised Person's Governing Body in respect of the risk include:

(a)

approving the Authorised Person's Non-Trading Book interest rate risk policy, including its strategy and management framework;

(b)

establishing and maintaining a senior management structure for the management of the risk and for ensuring compliance with the Authorised Person's risk strategy;

(c)

monitoring the Authorised Person's overall Non-Trading Book interest rate risk profile on a regular basis and being aware of any material changes in the Authorised Person's current or prospective profile; and

(d)

ensuring that Non-Trading Book interest rate risk is adequately identified, assessed, mitigated, controlled and monitored.

Guidance

1.

The Governing Body of the Authorised Person may delegate responsibility for establishing Non-Trading Book interest rate risk policies and strategies to the Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO) or an equivalent committee, which is the designated senior management committee for managing balance sheet structure and interest rate risk associated with it.

2.

An Authorised Person involved in banking activities or complex principal dealing activities should have a designated committee for design and implementation of Non-Trading Book interest rate risk management.

3.

An Authorised Person should establish and enforce operating limits and other practices that maintain Exposures within levels consistent with their internal policies and that accord with their approach to measuring the risk. In

205

PRU VER17.290725

particular, Authorised Persons should set a limit on the extent to which floating rate Exposures are funded by fixed rate sources and vice versa to limit the risk. In floating rate lending, Authorised Persons should limit the extent to which they run any basis risk that may arise if lending and funding are not based on precisely the same market interest rate.

206

PRU VER17.290725

8

GROUP RISK

Introduction

Guidance

1.

This Chapter deals with management of Group Risk Exposure of an Authorised Person. Group Risk refers to the risk of potential losses incurred by an Authorised Person on account of its relationship with other members of its Financial Group, if it were to be part of one.

2.

This Chapter includes requirements that an Authorised Person implement:

a.

an effective management framework for Group Risk Exposure;

b.

a specified methodology for the calculation of Financial Group Capital Resources and Financial Group Capital Requirements.

3.

This Chapter also includes requirements limiting Financial Group Exposures and restrictions on the ownership or control of deposit-taking firms.

8.1

Application

8.1.1

(1)

This Section and Section 8.5 apply to an Authorised Person in any Category.

(2)

Sections 8