 Securities and the value of Collateral under Rules A4.7.3 to A4.7.6 should be calculated in accordance with the CRM provisions set out in Section 4.13.

A4.7.8

For deferred settlement purchases and sales transactions over the spot period:

Credit RWA = 0.

301

PRU VER17.290725

A4.7.9

The 'spot period' means the shortest time between T and:

(a)

the contractual settlement date;

(b)

the normal local market settlement date; and

(c)

T + five business days.

A4.7.10 For deferred settlement purchases and sales transactions with a contractual settlement date after the spot period as set out above but less than (T + five business days):

Credit RWA = E x CRW.

A4.7.11 Not currently in use.

A4.7.12 For deferred settlement purchases and sales transactions with a contractual

settlement date exceeding (T + five business days):

Credit RWA = E x CRW x the appropriate percentage from the table below:

Number of business days calculated from T

Percentages used for calculation of Credit RWA on deferred settlement transactions

6 - 30

500%

31 - 45

750%

46 or more

1000%

Guidance

Credit RWA for deferred settlement transactions applies even if the deferred settlement contract is not overdue.

A4.8

Credit RWA - other Trading Book transactions

A4.8.1

For Counterparty Exposures in the Trading Book not covered by Section A4.6 or A4.7, the following formula applies:

Credit RWA = E x CRW.

Guidance

Examples include Counterparty Exposures in relation to exchange-traded Derivatives, unpaid margin requirements, Trading Book qualifying Deposits, and fees and interest.

A4.8.2 Where a Counterparty has not fully paid a margin requirement on a Derivative

transaction listed on an exchange or cleared through a clearing house:

302

PRU VER17.290725

E = the shortfall.

A4.8.3 Where an Authorised Person sells or writes an Option to a Counterparty or buys an Option on behalf of a Counterparty and the Counterparty has not paid the full Option premium:

E = the uncovered premium on the transaction.

A4.8.4 Where a Counterparty has not fully met amounts owed to an Authorised Person arising out of losses on closed-out Derivative transactions or has not fully settled amounts owed in respect of periodic or final settlement of transactions:

E = the unpaid loss.

A4.9

Exposures to central counterparties

A4.9.1

This Section applies to exposures arising from Derivatives, SFTs and/or long settlement transactions that are cleared by a central counterparty (CCP). Exposures arising from the settlement of cash transactions (equities, fixed income, spot FX and spot commodities) are not subject to this Section.

A4.9.2

Authorised Persons must:

(a)

monitor all their exposures to CCPs; and must have adequate procedures for the regular reporting of information on those exposures to senior management and appropriate committee or committees of the management body; and

(b)

assess, through appropriate scenario analysis and stress testing, whether the level of capital held by the Authorised Person against exposures to a CCP is adequate.

Guidance

The assessment under Rule A4.9.2(b) must cover the inherent risks of exposures to the CCP, including potential future credit exposures, exposures from default fund contributions and, where the Authorised Person is acting as a clearing member of the CCP, exposures resulting from contractual arrangements providing for commitments to take over or replace offsetting transactions from clients of another clearing member, in case such other clearing member defaults or becomes insolvent.

Trade Exposure of a clearing member to a qualifying central counterparty

A4.9.3 Where an Authorised Person acts as a clearing member, either for its own purposes or as an intermediary between a client and a qualifying central counterparty (QCCP), it must calculate Credit RWA in respect of its Trade Exposure to the QCCP in accordance with Rule A4.6.14, except that it must apply a CRW of 2%, unless Rule A4.9.4 applies.

A4.9.4 Where an Author