, for example, to cover the uncertainty of the model valuation (see also valuation adjustments in Guidance notes 6 to 14.)

Independent price verification

6.

Independent price verification is distinct from daily mark-to-market. It is the process by which market prices or model inputs are regularly verified for accuracy. While daily marking-to-market may be performed by dealers, verification of market prices or model inputs should be performed by a unit independent of the dealing room, at least monthly (or, depending on the nature of the market/trading activity, more frequently). It need not be performed as frequently as daily mark-to-market, since the objective, i.e. independent, marking of positions should reveal any error or bias in pricing, which should result in the elimination of inaccurate daily marks.

7.

Independent price verification entails a higher standard of accuracy in that the market prices or model inputs are used to determine profit and loss figures, whereas daily marks are used primarily for management reporting in between reporting dates. For independent price verification, where pricing sources are more subjective, e.g. only one available broker quote, prudent measures such as valuation adjustments may be appropriate.

Valuation adjustments

8.

As part of their procedures for marking-to-market, Authorised Persons should establish and maintain procedures for considering valuation adjustments. The Regulator expects Authorised Persons using third-party valuations to consider whether valuation adjustments are necessary. Such considerations are also necessary when marking-to-model.

9.

The Regulator expects the following valuation adjustments to be formally considered at a minimum: unearned credit spreads, close-out costs, Operational Risks, early termination, investing and funding costs, and future administrative costs and, where appropriate, model risk.

249

PRU VER17.290725

Adjustment to the current valuation of less liquid positions for regulatory capital purposes

10.

Authorised Persons should establish and maintain procedures for judging the necessity of and calculating an adjustment to the current valuation of less liquid positions for regulatory capital purposes. This adjustment may be in addition to any changes to the value of the position required for financial reporting purposes and should be designed to reflect the illiquidity of the position. The Regulator expects Authorised Persons to consider the need for an adjustment to a position's valuation to reflect current illiquidity whether the position is marked-to-market using market prices or observable inputs, third-party valuations or marked-to-model.

11.

Bearing in mind that the assumptions made in relation to calculating VaR may not be consistent with the Authorised Person's ability to sell or hedge out less liquid positions, where appropriate, Authorised Persons should take an adjustment to the current valuation of these positions, and review their continued appropriateness on an on-going basis. Reduced liquidity may have arisen from market events. Additionally, close-out prices for concentrated positions and/or stale positions should be considered in establishing the adjustment.

12.

Authorised Persons should consider all relevant factors when determining the appropriateness of the adjustment for less liquid positions. These factors may include, but are not limited to, the amount of time it would take to hedge out the position/risks within the position, the average volatility of bid/offer spreads, the availability of independent market quotes (number and identity of market makers), the average and volatility of trading volumes (including trading volumes during periods of market stress), market concentrations, the aging of positions, the extent to which valuation relies on marking-to-model, and the impact of other model risks not included in Guidance note 10.

13.

For complex products including, but not limited to, securitisation Exposures and nth-to-default Credit Derivatives, Authorised Persons which are approved to use models to calculate Market Risk should explicitly assess the need for valuation adjustments to reflect two forms of model risk: the model risk associated with using a possibly incorrect valuation methodology; and the risk associated with using unobservable (and possibly incorrect) calibration parameters in the valuation model.

14.

The adjustment to the current valuation of less liquid positions made under Guidance note 11 is likely to impact minimum Capital Requirements and may exceed those valuation adjustments made under the International Financial Reporting Standards and Guidance notes 8 and 9.

250

PRU VER17.290725

APP3

CAPITAL AND LEVERAGE

A3.1

Stress and scenario testing

Guidance

1.

Stress and scenario testing is an integral part of an Authorised Person’s risk management framework. Stress and scenario testing seek to anticipate possible losses