 account scenarios in which expected correlations occur and where they might break down.

In identifying scenarios and assessing their impact, an Authorised Person should take into account how changes in circumstances might impact upon:

a.

the nature, scale and mix of future activities; and

b.

the behaviour of Counterparties, and of the Authorised Person itself, including the exercise of choices (including Options embedded in Financial Instruments).

In determining whether it would have adequate financial resources in the event of each identified adverse scenario, an Authorised Person should:

252

PRU VER17.290725

a.

b.

only include financial resources that could reasonably be relied upon as being available in the circumstances of the identified scenario; and

consider any legal or other restriction on the purposes for which financial resources may be used, including any restriction on the transfer to the Regulator of assets held in other jurisdictions.

253

PRU VER17.290725

A3.2

Capital Requirements

Guidance 1. This table summarises the Capital Requirement that an Authorised Person is subject to and an Authorised Person must hold sufficient

Capital Resources at all times to meet the Capital Requirement.

Capital Requirement(USD)

<-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------maximum of------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------->

Expenditure Based Capital Minimum3

Category

Base Capital Requirement2

Holding Client Assets or Relevant Money4 or Insurance Money?

Risk Capital Requirement5

No

Yes

1

10mn

Credit, Market, Operational and CVA (plus, where appropriate, Displaced Commercial)

2

2mn

Credit, Market, Operational and CVA

3A

500k

3B6

4mn

250k

3C6

except where an Authorised Person has a Financial Services Permission only to carry out the Regulated Activity of Managing a Collective Investment Fund, in which case the Base Capital Requirement is: a)

150,000 if the Authorised Person manages a Public Fund or any other type of fund that is available to retail customers; or

13/52nds of Annual Expenditure

18/52nds of Annual Expenditure

See guidance note 8 for Money Remitters and Payment Service Providers

254

PRU VER17.290725

b) other than those specified in a).

50,000 if the Authorised Person manages a Fund

c) Referenced Token, in which case it is 2 million.

to carry out the Regulated Activity of Issuing a Fiat-

One year of AAE

10k

46, 7

except where an Authorised Person has a Financial Services Permission: a)

to carry out the Regulated Activity of Operating a Private Financing Platform and holds Client Assets, in which case the Base Capital Requirement is 150,000; or to carry out the Regulated Activity of Providing Third Party Services, in which case the Base Capital Requirement will be 50,000.

b)

6/52nds of Annual Expenditure

18/52nds of AAE

5

10mn

Credit, Market, Operational, CVA and Displaced Commercial

2. An Authorised Person, whichever Category it is a member of, must hold a minimum amount of CET1 Capital at the time that it obtains authorisation and at all times thereafter, in accordance with Rule 3.3.3, corresponding to the Base Capital Requirement.

3. The Expenditure Based Capital Minimum is calculated as the specified proportion of the Annual Audited Expenditure (AAE), calculated in accordance with Rule 3.7.2.

4. An Authorised Person in Category 3C undertaking the Regulated Activity of Providing Money Services that offers only one of or both currency exchange and Money Remittance to their customers, but not Payment Services, is considered not to hold Client Assets, in the form of Client Money, or Relevant Money.

5. Where the Risk Capital Requirement is the binding capital requirement for an Authorised Person in Category 1, 2 or 5 it must also hold a Capital Conservation Buffer of CET1 Capital of 2.5% of the Total Risk Exposure Amount and, where applicable, a Countercyclical Capital Buffer of CET1 Capital, to be determined in accordance with Section 3.18.

6. An Authorised Person in Category 3B, 3C or 4 must notify the Regulator immediately if its Capital Resources fall below 120% of its Capital Requirement,