 the transactions are conducted on an arm's length basis.

2.

An Authorised Person should look through the structure to determine whether there are any Counterparties or Exposures that might give rise to risks arising from a Large Exposure.

317

PRU VER17.290725

Connected Counterparty exemptions

A4.11.9 An Authorised Person may treat as exempt from the Large Exposure limits in Chapter 4 an Exposure to a Counterparty or Counterparties Connected to the Authorised Person if all of the following conditions are met:

(a)

the Authorised Person has given the Regulator written notice one month in advance of its intention to use the exemption and explained how it will ensure that it will still meet the Large Exposure limits on a continuing basis when using the exemption;

(b)

the total amount of the Exposures that an Authorised Person is treating as exempt under this Rule does not exceed 50% of the Authorised Person's Tier 1;

(c)

the Authorised Person makes and retains a record that identifies each Exposure it has treated in this way;

(d)

the Authorised Person is subject to consolidated supervision;

(e)

the Counterparty is:

(i)

an Authorised Person which supervision; or

is the subject of consolidated

(ii)

a member of the Authorised Person's Group which is the subject of consolidated supervision to the satisfaction of the Regulator; and

(f)

the Exposure satisfies one or more of conditions (i) to (iii):

(i)

it is a loan made by the Authorised Person with a maturity of one year or less in the course of the Authorised Person carrying on a treasury role for other members of its Group;

(ii)

it is a loan to the Parent of the Authorised Person made in the course of a business carried on by the Authorised Person of lending to its Parent cash that is surplus to the needs of the Authorised Person, provided that the amount of that surplus fluctuates regularly; or

(iii)

it arises from the Authorised Person or a Counterparty Connected to the Authorised Person operating a central risk management function for Exposures arising from Derivatives contracts.

Measuring Exposure to Counterparties and Issuers

A4.11.10 Rules A4.11.12 to A4.11.28 apply to both Non-Trading Book and Trading Book

Exposures.

A4.11.11 When calculating an Exposure, an Authorised Person must include accrued interest

and dividends due.

A4.11.12 An Authorised Person must not offset Non-Trading Book and Trading Book Exposures.

318

PRU VER17.290725

A4.11.13 A net short position is not an Exposure for the purposes of Large Exposures.

A4.11.14 The value of an Authorised Person's Exposure to a Counterparty, whether in its Non-Trading Book or its Trading Book, is the amount at risk calculated in accordance with Chapter 4.

Exposures to Issuers

A4.11.15 An Authorised Person must calculate the value of an Exposure to the Issuer of a Security which is held in the Authorised Person's Non-Trading Book as the sum of the excess, where positive, of the book value of all long positions over all short positions (the net long position), for each identical instrument issued by that Issuer.

A4.11.16 For the purposes of Rule A4.11.15, short positions in one Security may be used to offset long positions in a non-identical Security issued by the same Issuer if:

(a)

both Securities are denominated in the same currency; and

(b)

where both Securities are:

(i)

fixed rate or index-linked, and are within the same residual maturity time band; or

(ii)

floating rate.

A4.11.17 An Authorised Person must calculate the value of an Exposure to the Issuer of a Security that is held in the Authorised Person's Trading Book by calculating the excess of the current market value of all long positions over all short positions in all the Securities issued by that Issuer.

A4.11.18 An Authorised Person must not offset an Exposure to one Issuer against an Exposure

to another even where the Issuers are in a group of Closely Related Counterparties.

A4.11.19 An Authorised Person must include as a long