 in fluctuating economic conditions.

reviewed

in order

to check

An Authorised Person should have in place a system for monitoring the overall quality of its Credit Risk Exposures under normal and stressful conditions. There should also be a reporting system which alerts management to aggregate Exposures approaching various pre-set portfolio limits.

An Authorised Person should be mindful of business and economic cycles and regularly stress-test their portfolios against adverse market scenarios. Adequate contingency planning should be developed in conjunction with stress-testing to address the possibility of crises developing in a very rapid fashion.

Appropriate stress testing of credit Exposures can be an essential part of the credit management process. Examination of the potential effects of economic or industry downturns, market events, changes in interest rates, changes in foreign exchange rates and changes in liquidity conditions can provide valuable information about an Authorised Person's Credit Risk. This information can be utilised to inform the Authorised Person's on-going credit strategy.

As new techniques for Credit Risk management, monitoring and reporting are developed, the Authorised Person should ensure they are tested and evaluated before undue reliance is placed upon them.

Where the account officer for a credit (or customer relationship manager, branch manager or similar) moves on, the incoming officer should carry out a take-over review. The review should cover inter alia the credit-worthiness of the borrowers, the adequacy of the documentation, compliance with covenants, performance of each loan and the existence and value of any Collateral.

266

PRU VER17.290725

Problem Exposures

47.

An Authorised Person should have processes for the timely identification and management of problem Exposures. These processes should be described in the Credit Risk policy.

48

An Authorised Person involved in Providing Credit should establish a dedicated unit to handle the recovery and work-out of problem loans and should establish policies for the referral of loans to this unit.

49.

An Authorised Person should ensure that its loan portfolio is properly classified and has an effective early-warning system for problem loans.

50.

An Authorised Person should develop and implement internal risk rating systems for managing Credit Risk. The rating system should be consistent with the nature, size and complexity of the Authorised Person's activities. In using internal risk ratings, an Authorised Person should seek to achieve a high granularity in the rating system and adopt multiple grades for loans that are not yet irregular and to develop the ability to track the migration of individual loans through the various internal credit ratings.

51.

Depending on the size and nature of the Authorised Person, it may be appropriate for problem Exposures to be managed by a specialised function, independent of the functions that originate the business or maintain the on-going business relationship with the Counterparty.

52.

Exposures identified as problems or potential problems should be closely monitored by management, and an Authorised Person should set out, for example, whether a loan grading system or a watch or problem list is used and, in the latter case, the criteria for adding an asset to or taking an asset off that list.

53.

It is recommended that Authorised Persons establish a dedicated unit to handle the recovery and work-out of problem loans and put in place policies for the referral of loans to this unit.

54.

An Authorised Person should have adequate procedures for recovering Exposures in arrears or those which had provisions made against them. These should allocate responsibility both internally and externally for its arrears management and recovery and define the involvement of the Authorised Person's solicitors.

55.

Minimum requirements relating to provisioning against loss on problem Exposures are covered in Chapter 4.

Risk mitigation

56.

Various methods can be used to mitigate Credit Risk, such as taking security or Collateral, obtaining a guarantee from a third party, purchasing insurance these as or Credit Derivatives. Authorised Persons should view

267

PRU VER17.290725

complementary to, rather than a replacement for, thorough credit analysis and procedures.

57.

In controlling Credit Risk, an Authorised Person may utilise certain mitigation techniques.

Normally, they include:

a.

accepting Collateral, standby letters of credit and guarantees;

b.

entering into Netting arrangements;

c.

setting strict loan covenants; and

d.

using Credit Derivatives and other hedging instruments.

58.

In determining which types of credit mitigation techniques should be used, firms should also consider:

a.

their own