 delivery leg From five business days post contractual payment or delivery leg until extinction of the transaction

No calculation required

Treat as an exposure

Treat as an exposure with a risk-weight of 1000%

A4.6.12 An Authorised Person must treat an Exposure in accordance with the relevant

provisions of Chapter 4.

A4.6.13

If the Authorised Person considers the total amount of the exposures resulting from free delivery transactions to be immaterial it may apply a risk weight of 100% to these exposures, except where a risk weight of 1000% is applied in accordance with Rule A4.6.11.

Derivatives and long settlement transactions – Standardised Approach to Counterparty Credit Risk (SA-CCR)

A4.6.14 The exposure at default (EAD) of Derivative transactions (OTC and exchange-traded) and long settlement transactions must be calculated in accordance with this Section unless the Authorised Person has been granted permission by the Regulator to use an internal model.

A4.6.15 EAD is to be calculated separately for each netting set. It is determined as follows:

EAD = alpha* (RC + PFE)

where:

alpha = 1.4

RC = the replacement cost calculated according to Rules A4.6.19 to A4.6.24

PFE = the amount for potential future exposure calculated according to Rule A4.6.26

A4.6.16 The replacement cost (RC) and the potential future exposure (PFE) components must be calculated differently for margined and unmargined netting sets. The EAD for a margined netting set is to be capped at the EAD of the same netting set calculated on an unmargined basis.

Netting Sets

A4.6.17 An Authorised Person may net transactions subject to any legally valid form of bilateral netting which results in legal substitution of one single payable/receivable amount for previous gross obligations.

A4.6.18

In every case in which netting is applied, the Authorised Person must demonstrate to the Regulator that it has the following in place:

290

PRU VER17.290725

(a)

A netting contract with the counterparty or other agreement which creates a single legal obligation, covering all included transactions, such that the Authorised Person would have either a claim to receive or obligation to pay only the net sum of the positive and negative mark-to-market values of included individual transactions in the event a counterparty fails to perform due to any of the following:

(i)

default,

(ii)

bankruptcy,

(iii)

liquidation, or

(iv)

similar circumstances.

(b)

Written and reasoned legal reviews that, in the event of a legal challenge, the relevant courts and administrative authorities would find the exposure of the Authorised Person to be such a net amount under:

(i)

The law of the jurisdiction in which the counterparty is chartered and, if the foreign branch of a counterparty is involved, then also under the law of the jurisdiction in which the branch is located;

(ii)

The law that governs the individual transactions; and

(iii)

The law that governs any contract or agreement necessary to effect the netting.

(c)

Procedures to ensure that the legal characteristics of netting arrangements are kept under review in light of the possible changes in relevant law.

Calculation of RC for unmargined transactions

A4.6.19 An unmargined transaction is a transaction in which variation margin is not

exchanged. Collateral other than variation margin may be present.

A4.6.20 RC for unmargined transactions is calculated in accordance with the following

formula:

RC = max{V – C; 0}

where:

V = the value of the derivative transactions in the netting set (constituted in accordance with Rule A4.6.18); and

C = the haircut value of the net collateral held, calculated in accordance with Section A4.3.

A4.6.21 Derivative contracts with a one-way margining agreement in favour of the Authorised

Person's counterparty must be treated as unmargined transactions.

291

PRU VER17.290725

Net Independent Collateral Amount

A4.6.22 The independent collateral amount (ICA) is (i) collateral (