 2 of the revised framework of capital adequacy, commonly known as Basel III, published by the BCBS.

Internal Risk Assessment Process (IRAP)

2.

An Authorised Person in Category 1, 2, 3A, 3B, 3C or 5 is required to carry out an IRAP as detailed in Section 10.3, which is proportionate to the nature, size and complexity of its business activities and risk profile. An IRAP is a comprehensive internal risk evaluation as detailed in Section 10.3. More detail on the establishment of an IRAP and the manner of carrying out an IRAP assessment is provided in App11.

Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP)

3.

An Authorised Person in Category 1, 2, 3A or 5 is also required to carry out an ICAAP as detailed in Section 10.4, which is proportionate to the nature, size and complexity of its business activities and risk profile. This process enables such an Authorised Person to determine and maintain an adequate amount and quality of Capital Resources, relative to its risk profile. More detail on the establishment of an ICAAP and the manner of carrying out an ICAAP assessment is provided in App11.

Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP)

4.

The documented results of IRAP and ICAAP assessments are required to be submitted to the Regulator. The Regulator then applies a process known as the SREP as detailed in Section 10.5. As part of the SREP, the Regulator will evaluate the quality, completeness and consistency of the IRAP and, where applicable, the ICAAP of the Authorised Person, to form a view on the overall risk profile of the firm and whether the capital held by the firm is sufficient to deal with the risks. More detail concerning the SREP is provided in App11.

5.

Following review of the IRAP and ICAAP of an Authorised Person, the Regulator may engage in a dialogue with the firm to evaluate the assessment of risks and where relevant, additional capital which the Regulator considers that the firm should hold resulting from the IRAP, ICAAP or SREP.

Individual Capital Requirement (ICR)

6.

Upon completing the SREP, the Regulator may impose an Individual Capital Requirement on an Authorised Person in Category 1, 2, 3A or 5 as detailed in Section 10.6. The ICR may be imposed where the Regulator concludes that the firm should hold more capital to provide for its overall risks.

228

PRU VER17.290725

10.3

IRAP

10.3.1

This Section applies to an Authorised Person in Category 1, 2, 3A, 3B, 3C or 5.

10.3.2

(1)

An Authorised Person must establish and maintain an IRAP which details the processes and procedures by which the firm will identify, assess, aggregate and monitor the risks faced by it.

(2)

The firm must conduct the IRAP assessment at least annually giving due regard to the Guidance in Section A11.1 of App11.

(3)

The IRAP assessment conducted by the firm pursuant to (2) must be approved by its Governing Body and then submitted to the Regulator within four months from the end of the firm's financial year.

(4)

In addition to (2), the firm must conduct an IRAP assessment:

(a)

whenever there is material change to the business, strategy, nature or scale of the activities of the firm which may have a significant impact on its risk profile or adequacy of its Capital Resources or Adjusted Capital Resources, as applicable; or

(b)

as and when required by the Regulator.

(5)

An IRAP assessment conducted by the firm pursuant to (4) must be approved by its Governing Body and then submitted to the Regulator within two months, or such other period as may be specified by the Regulator, from the date of such material change or requirement.

10.3.3

The results of an IRAP assessment must be documented by the Authorised Person in writing and include details of:

(a)

the risks identified;

(b)

the firm's strategies and plans to deal with those risks;

(c)

the firm's assessment of the