(a)

the time the Authorised Person signs an agreement with the Issuer of Securities to underwrite those Securities; or

(b)

the time the price and allocation of the issue are set.

181

PRU VER17.290725

5.10.5 Where the issue price has not been fixed, an Authorised Person must use the highest estimate of the price and its allocation for the purpose of calculating its initial gross commitment.

5.10.6

If an Authorised Person has at its discretion an irrevocable right to withdraw from an Underwriting commitment, exercisable within a certain period, the commitment commences when that right expires.

5.10.7

An Authorised Person must calculate its Securities Underwriting Risk Capital Requirement by:

(a)

applying its internally developed Market Risk model which has been approved by the Regulator for this purpose; or

(b)

applying the Rules in Section A6.8.

5.11

Use of internal Market Risk models

5.11.1

An Authorised Person in Category 1, 2 or 5 may use an internal model to calculate its Market Risk Capital Requirement or any components of its Market Risk Capital Requirement if the use of such internally developed models has been approved in writing by the Regulator.

Guidance

Guidance in respect of criteria for use of internally developed Market Risk models is provided in Section A6.9.

5.11.2

If the Regulator approves the use of an internal model, it may:

(a)

impose, withdraw or amend at any time conditions in respect of the use of the internal model; and

(b)

withdraw approval if it forms the view that the internal model or its use is no longer suitable for the calculation of the Authorised Person's Market Risk Capital Requirement or any component of it.

5.11.3

An Authorised Person which uses an Rule 5.11.1 must have programme which meets the criteria set out in Rule A6.9.4.

in accordance with in place a rigorous and comprehensive stress-testing

internal model

5.11.4

An Authorised Person that has received approval for the use of an internal model may only revert to calculating its Market Risk Capital Requirement or any component of it in accordance with App6 with the prior written consent of the Regulator.

Guidance

1.

This Section sets out the conditions under which an Authorised Person is permitted to use an internal model to calculate its Market Risk Capital Requirement or any component of its Market Risk Capital Requirement. An Authorised Person that wishes to use an internal model to calculate any part of

182

PRU VER17.290725

2.

3.

4.

this requirement is required to apply to the Regulator. Internal models will commonly permit more extensive Netting of long and short positions and have greater risk sensitivity.

In assessing whether to give approval, the Regulator will consider an Authorised Person's risk management standards; the quantitative model standards; the stress-testing and back-testing standards and the process surrounding the calculation of the appropriate regulatory Capital Requirement.

The Regulator will usually only give its approval for the use of an internal risk model if:

a.

the use of the model to calculate the Market Risk Capital Requirement has been approved by another appropriate regulator or the Regulator is satisfied having been provided by the Authorised Person with such opinions from independent experts as it may require, that the model adequately addresses Market Risk requirements;

b.

use of the methodology is integrated into the governance and control framework of the Authorised Person. Specifically, the Governing Body and senior management of the Authorised Person receives and reviews appropriate reports in respect of the entity;

c.

it is satisfied that the Authorised Person's risk management system is conceptually sound and is implemented with integrity;

d.

the Authorised Person has sufficient numbers of staff skilled in the use of sophisticated models not only in the trading area but also in the risk control, audit, and if necessary, back office areas;

e.

the Authorised Person's models have a proven track record of reasonable accuracy in measuring risk; and

f.

the Authorised Person regularly conducts stress tests.

In determining whether an internal value at risk (VaR) model meets the standard for approval, the Regulator will apply the criteria set out in Section A6.9, which are based on the Basel Market Risk Capital Amendment 1996 and Basel Revisions to the Basel II Market