 possibly incorrect) calibration parameters in the valuation model.

14.

The adjustment to the current valuation of less liquid positions made under Guidance note 11 is likely to impact minimum Capital Requirements and may exceed those valuation adjustments made under the International Financial Reporting Standards and Guidance notes 8 and 9.

250

PRU VER17.290725

APP3

CAPITAL AND LEVERAGE

A3.1

Stress and scenario testing

Guidance

1.

Stress and scenario testing is an integral part of an Authorised Person’s risk management framework. Stress and scenario testing seek to anticipate possible losses or risks that might occur or become manifest. In applying stress testing and scenario analysis, an Authorised Person should:

a.

design its stress testing framework in a manner that is commensurate with its risk profile and systemic importance;

b.

clearly articulate its intended objectives;

c.

design an effective governance structure around stress and scenario testing;

d.

appropriately integrate the results of such testing in its decision-making, risk management processes including contingency arrangements, capital management and business decision-making;

e.

capture all material and relevant risks including, but not limited to, credit risk, market risk, operational risk, liquidity risk, country risk and transfer risk, concentration risk, climate risk, and apply stresses that are sufficiently severe but plausible;

f.

dedicate appropriate level of resources to meet the objectives of the stress testing framework;

g.

ensure availability of sufficiently accurate and granular data as well as robust IT systems to support the analysis;

h.

appropriately document and regularly maintain and update its stress testing framework;

i.

ensure that models and methodologies applied in the testing are fit for purpose;

j.

subject the stress testing models, results and framework to regular challenge and review;

k.

consider undertaking reverse stress testing which involves identifying scenarios that could lead to the failure of the Authorised Person and use these scenarios to assess vulnerabilities and develop mitigating strategies; and

l.

communicate stress testing practices and findings internally within the firm as well as with appropriate authorities within and across jurisdictions, as relevant.

251

PRU VER17.290725

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

An Authorised Person should also consider employing the practices contained in the BCBS Stress testing principles (October 2018).

In undertaking stress and scenario testing, an Authorised Person should take a forward-looking view and decide what time horizons are appropriate and may wish to consider the following factors:

a.

in how quickly circumstances that might lead to a loss occurring or risk crystallising; and

it would be able to

identify events or changes

b.

after an event or set of circumstances has been identified, how quickly and effectively the Authorised Person could act to prevent or mitigate any resulting loss occurring or risk crystallising and to reduce its Exposure to any further adverse event or change in circumstance.

For example, the time horizon over which stress and scenario testing would need to be carried out for the Market Risk arising from the holding of Investments would depend upon:

a.

the extent to which there is a regular, open and transparent market in those assets, which would allow fluctuations in the value of the Investment to be more readily and quickly identified; and

b.

the extent to which the market in those assets is liquid (and would remain liquid in the changed circumstances contemplated in the stress or scenario test) which would allow the Authorised Person, if needed, to sell its holding so as to prevent or reduce its Exposure to future price fluctuations.

Authorised Persons should focus on those scenarios and combinations of scenarios that are severe, but plausible. For this purpose other risks and losses include business risk, i.e. the potential impact of changes in business plans, future activities, and the business or economic environment.

In identifying what realistic combinations of losses or risks might occur or crystallise, an Authorised Person should take into account scenarios in which expected correlations occur and where they might break down.

In identifying scenarios and assessing their impact, an Authorised Person should take into account how changes in circumstances might impact upon:

a.

the nature, scale and mix of future activities; and

b.

the behaviour of Counterparties, and of the Authorised Person itself, including the exercise of choices (including Options embedded in Financial Instruments).

In determining whether it would have adequate financial resources in the event of each identified adverse scenario, an Authorised Person should:

252

PRU VER17.290725

a.

b.

