 the Client or group of Connected clients under which the facility can only be drawn only if it has been ascertained that it will not cause the limit as set out in Rule 4.15.5 to be exceeded;

(f)

Exposures secured by mortgages on residential property and leasing transactions under which the lessor retains full ownership of the residential property leased for as long as the lessee has not exercised his option to purchase, in all cases up to 50% of the value of the residential property concerned; and

(g)

material holdings in Financial Institutions and other Exposures which have been deducted from an Authorised Person's Capital Resources as required in Chapter 3.

314

PRU VER17.290725

Guidance

1.

In order to be applicable under (c) the guarantees must meet the requirements of Section 4.13.9 in relation to CRM.

2.

An Authorised Person can only treat Exposures as collateralised provided the conditions of Rules 4.13.5 to 4.13.8 (relating to CRM) are met. Item (d) also includes cash received under a CLN issued by the Authorised Person and loans and Deposits of a Counterparty to or with the Authorised Person which are subject to an on balance sheet Netting agreement recognised under Section 4.13 (CRM).

3.

The Regulator may consider a waiver for other sovereign Exposures where there is a local regulatory requirement to hold assets with a national regulatory authority. Authorised Persons will be required to apply for a waiver of the Large Exposure requirements in this regard and will be considered by the Regulator on a case by case basis.

A4.11.2 Where Exposures to a Client are guaranteed by a third party, or secured by Collateral

issued by a third party, an Authorised Person may:

(a)

provided the Collateral meets the requirements of Section 4.13 (CRM), and would be assigned a lower risk weight under Section 4.12, treat that portion of the Exposure which is secured by Collateral as an Exposure to the third party. An Authorised Person must treat the portion secured by Collateral as having being incurred to the third party providing the Collateral rather than to the Client for the purposes of considering the limits as set out at Rule 4.15.5; or

(b)

provided the guarantee meets the requirements of Section 4.13 (CRM), and would be assigned a lower risk weight under Section 4.12, treat that portion of the Exposure which is guaranteed as an Exposure to the third party. An Authorised Person must treat the portion guaranteed as having being incurred to the third party rather than to the Client for the purposes of considering the limits as set out at Rule 4.15.5. When considering the guarantee there must not be any Maturity Mismatch between the guarantee and the underlying Exposure.

A4.11.3

If an Exposure is partially guaranteed by an Authorised Person's Parent Financial Institution, and would be assigned a lower risk weight under Section 4.12, only that part of the Exposure subject to the guarantee is exempt from the Large Exposure limit in Rule 4.15.5. When considering the treatment of this Rule an Authorised Person may also consider the exemptions permitted under Rule 4.15.18 relating to parental guarantees.

Identification of Counterparties

A4.11.4 When calculating the Exposures of an Authorised Person, the firm must include

Trading Book Exposures and Non-Trading Book Exposures to:

(a)

a single Counterparty;

315

PRU VER17.290725

(b)

group of Closely Related Counterparties;

(c)

Connected Counterparties; and

(d)

transactions, schemes or Funds.

Guidance

1.

An individual Counterparty is a natural or legal Person, which include governments, local authorities, Public Sector Entities (PSEs), trusts, corporations, unincorporated businesses and non-profit-making bodies.

2.

Examples of a Counterparty include:

a.

the customer or borrower;

b.

where the Authorised Person is providing a guarantee, the Person guaranteed;

c.

for a Derivatives contract, the Person with whom the contract was made;

d.

for most exchange-traded contracts involving a central clearing mechanism, that central clearing mechanism; and

e.

where a bill