A4.11.17 An Authorised Person must calculate the value of an Exposure to the Issuer of a Security that is held in the Authorised Person's Trading Book by calculating the excess of the current market value of all long positions over all short positions in all the Securities issued by that Issuer.

A4.11.18 An Authorised Person must not offset an Exposure to one Issuer against an Exposure

to another even where the Issuers are in a group of Closely Related Counterparties.

A4.11.19 An Authorised Person must include as a long position a commitment by it to buy:

(a)

a debt Security or an equity at a future date; and

(b)

under a note issuance facility, at the request of the Issuer, a Security that is unsold on the issue date.

A4.11.20 An Authorised Person must include as a short position a commitment by it to sell a

debt Security or equity at a future date.

A4.11.21 Where the equity leg of an equity swap is based on the change in value of an individual

equity, it is treated as an Exposure to the Issuer of the equity.

Guidance

An interest rate leg of an equity swap, or interest rate or currency swap does not generate an Exposure to an Issuer.

319

PRU VER17.290725

A4.11.22 When determining its Exposure to an Issuer arising from an Option, an Authorised Person must value the notional principal of an Option as the amount of principal underlying the Option.

A4.11.23 An Authorised Person must treat:

(a)

a written put Option as a long position in the underlying instrument valued at the strike price;

(b)

a written call Option as a short position in the underlying instrument valued at the strike price;

(c)

a purchased put Option as a short position in the underlying instrument valued at the strike price; and

(d)

a purchased call Option as a long position in the underlying instrument equal to the book value of the Option.

A4.11.24 An Authorised Person must, for the purposes of Large Exposures, treat an Exposure to an Issuer arising from an index or basket of debt Securities or a non-broad-based equity index or basket, as a series of Exposures to the Issuers of the underlying instruments or equities in accordance with the procedures in Chapter 4.

Guidance

Broadly-based equity indices should not be broken down into their constituent stocks. A position related to a broadly based equity index does not generate an Exposure to any Issuer.

A4.11.25 An Authorised Person which receives cash on a repurchase agreement must treat the cash as if it is on its balance sheet and in accordance with Sections 4.9 and 4.13. Any Collateral received against repurchase agreements or Securities and commodities borrowing must also be treated as a balance sheet item under Sections 4.9 and 4.13.

A4.11.26 An Authorised Person must treat a reverse repurchase agreement or Securities and commodities lending in its Non-Trading Book as a collateralised loan and the Collateral it holds as an asset, provided that the Collateral is eligible financial Collateral as defined in Rule 4.13.5. If the Collateral is not such an eligible financial Collateral, the Authorised Person must treat the transaction as an unsecured loan to the Counterparty.

A4.11.27 An Authorised Person with repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase

agreements in its Trading Book has an Exposure to:

(a)

the Issuer of the Security it has sold in a repurchase agreement; and

(b)

the Counterparty where the Securities or cash given by the Authorised Person exceed the Securities or cash it receives (i.e. there is a net margin given by the Authorised Person) in a repurchase agreement or reverse repurchase agreement.

320

PRU VER17.290725

A4.11.28 An Authorised Person must calculate in accordance with Section 5.10 an Exposure to the Issuer arising from the Underwriting or sub-Underwriting of a new Issue of Securities.

A4.12

The Simplified Approach for Category 2 and 3A firms

A4.12.1 This Section applies only to an Authorised Person in Category 2