 view

267

PRU VER17.290725

complementary to, rather than a replacement for, thorough credit analysis and procedures.

57.

In controlling Credit Risk, an Authorised Person may utilise certain mitigation techniques.

Normally, they include:

a.

accepting Collateral, standby letters of credit and guarantees;

b.

entering into Netting arrangements;

c.

setting strict loan covenants; and

d.

using Credit Derivatives and other hedging instruments.

58.

In determining which types of credit mitigation techniques should be used, firms should also consider:

a.

their own knowledge and experience in using such techniques;

b.

cost-effectiveness;

c.

type and financial strength of the Counterparties or Issuers;

d.

correlation with the underlying credits;

e.

availability, instruments;

liquidity and realisability of the credit mitigation

f.

the extent to which legally recognised documentation, e.g. ISDA Master Agreement, can be adopted; and

g.

the degree of supervisory recognition of the mitigation technique.

59.

While mitigation through Collateral and guarantees is usually dealt with at the time of granting of credits, Credit Derivatives and Netting are often employed after the credit is in place, or used to manage the overall portfolio risk. When the mitigation arrangements are in place they should then be controlled. Authorised Persons should have written policies, procedures and controls for the use of credit mitigation techniques. They should also ensure adequate systems are in place to manage these activities.

60.

Authorised Persons should instruments on a regular basis.

revalue

their Collateral and mitigation

The method and frequency of revaluation depends on the nature of the hedge and the products involved.

61.

If an Authorised Person takes security or Collateral, on credit facilities, appropriate policies and procedures should be documented covering:

268

PRU VER17.290725

a.

the types of security or Collateral considered;

b.

procedures governing the valuation and revaluation of security or Collateral including the basis of valuation;

c.

policies governing the taking of security or Collateral, including obtaining appropriate legal title; and

d.

policies governing possession of security or Collateral.

62.

The value of security and Collateral should be monitored at an appropriate frequency. For example, commercial property might be revalued annually, whereas Securities provided as Collateral should be marked to market usually on a daily basis. Residential property may not need to be revalued annually, but information should be sought as to general market conditions.

63.

When taking Collateral in support of an Exposure, an Authorised Person should ensure that legal procedures have been followed, to ensure the Collateral can be enforced if required.

64.

An Authorised Person should consider the legal and financial ability of a guarantor to fulfil the guarantee were it called upon to perform its obligations as guarantor.

65.

An Authorised Person should analyse carefully the protection afforded by risk mitigants such as Netting agreements or Credit Derivatives, to ensure that any residual Credit Risk is identified, measured, monitored and controlled.

66.

An Authorised Person providing mortgages at high loan-to-value ratios should consider the need for alternative forms of protection against the risks of such lending, including mortgage indemnity insurance, to protect against the risk of a fall in the value of the property.

Record keeping

67.

The Authorised Person should maintain appropriate records of:

a.

credit Exposures, including aggregations of credit Exposures, by:

i.

Groups of Connected Counterparties; and

ii.

types of Counterparty as defined, for example, by the nature or geographical location of the Counterparty;

b.

credit decisions, including details of the facts or circumstances upon which a decision was made; and

c.

information relevant to assessing current credit quality.

68.

Credit records should be retained for at least six years, subject to any requirement in the Rules requiring such records to be kept for a longer period.

269

PRU VER17.290725

69.

It is important that sound and legally enforceable documentation is in place for each credit agreement as this may be called upon in the event of a default or dispute. An Authorised Person should therefore consider whether it is appropriate for an independent legal opinion to be sought on documentation used by the Authorised Person. Documentation should be in place before the Authorised Person enters into a contractual obligation or releases funds.

Country and