 consumers redeeming fixed rate products when market rates change.

7.1

Application

7.1.1

This Chapter applies to an Authorised Person in Category 1 or 2 on a solo basis.

7.1.2 Where an Authorised Person to which this Chapter applies is part of a Financial Group, this Chapter also applies on a consolidated basis in relation to all the entities within the Financial Group.

7.2

Stress testing for Non-Trading Book interest rate risk

7.2.1

An Authorised Person must carry out an evaluation of its Exposure to the interest rate risk arising from its Non-Trading Book activities. An Authorised Person with balance sheet positions in different currencies must measure its risk Exposures in each of the material currencies.

7.2.2

(1)

The evaluation under Rule 7.2.1 must cover the effect of a sudden and unexpected parallel change in interest rates of 200 basis points in both directions.

(2)

An Authorised Person must apply a 200 basis point shock to each material currency Exposure it faces as part of its Non-Trading Book.

199

PRU VER17.290725

7.2.3

An Authorised Person must immediately notify the Regulator if any evaluation under this Section suggests that, as a result of the change in interest rates described in Rule 7.2.2, the economic value of the firm would decline by more than 20% of its Capital Resources.

Guidance

For the purposes of Rule 7.2.1, an Authorised Person should consider each currency accounting for 5% or more of its Non-Trading Book assets or Non-Trading Book liabilities as a material currency Exposure.

Frequency of stress testing

7.2.4

An Authorised Person must carry out the evaluations required by Rule 7.2.1 as frequently as necessary for it to be reasonably satisfied that it has at all times a sufficient understanding of the degree to which it is exposed to the risks referred to in that Rule and the nature of that Exposure. In any case it must carry out those evaluations no less frequently than required by Rule 7.2.6.

7.2.5

In order to carry out effectively the stress testing requirements specified in Rule 7.2.2, an Authorised Person must include appropriate scenarios into its stress testing programmes for measuring its vulnerability to loss arising from the impact of adverse interest rate movements on its Non-Trading Book structure.

7.2.6

(1)

Subject to (2), the minimum frequency of the evaluation referred to in Rule 7.2.1 is once each year.

(2)

The minimum frequency of an evaluation of the effect of a sudden and unexpected parallel change in interest rates as referred to in Rule 7.2.2 is once each quarter.

Guidance

For the purposes of Rule 7.2.6, an Authorised Person should consider the standards for stress testing recommended in the paper published by the BCBS Standards - Interest rate risk in the banking book (April 2016). In particular, an Authorised Person should include the technical specifications of a standardised interest rate shock detailed in Annex 2 of that paper as part of its systems for measurement of interest rate risk in the Non-Trading Book.

7.3

Non-Trading Book interest rate risk under Chapter 10

7.3.1

In order to meet effectively the obligations specified under Chapter 10 of these Rules, which includes the need to address Non-Trading Book interest rate risk, an Authorised Person is required to make a written record of its assessments made under Rules specified in Chapter 10.

200

PRU VER17.290725

Guidance

1.

This Chapter 7 does not impose an explicit Capital Requirement relating to interest rate risk. Rather, the Regulator may impose an Individual Capital Requirement (ICR) under Chapter 10 where it is of the view that the Authorised Person's Capital Requirement is insufficient to address adequately all its risks, and in particular its Exposure to interest rate risk in the Non-Trading Book .

2.

Sections 10.3 and 10.4 of Chapter 10 require an Authorised Person to submit IRAP and ICAAP assessments to the Regulator within four months of the end of the firm's financial year. The provisions also require the firm to ensure the assessments are documented