 Section A5.3 only where they are used for the purpose of mitigating CVA risk and managed as such, and single-name credit default swaps or other equivalent hedging instruments referencing the counterparty directly.

A5.4.2

An Authorised Person must not reflect other types of Counterparty Risk hedges in the calculation of the capital requirements for CVA risk. In particular, tranched or nth-to- default credit default swaps and credit linked notes are not Eligible Hedges for the purposes of the calculation of the capital requirements for CVA risk.

A5.4.3

Eligible Hedges that are included in the calculation of the capital requirements for CVA risk must not be included in the calculation of the capital requirements for Specific Risk as set out in App6 or treated as credit risk mitigation other than for the Counterparty Risk of the same portfolio of transaction.

326

PRU VER17.290725

APP6 MARKET RISK

A6.1

Market Risk systems and controls

Guidance

1.

In accordance with Section 5.2, an Authorised Person is required to have a Market Risk policy. The Market Risk policy should address all aspects of Market Risk whether arising from assets, liabilities or the mismatch between assets and liabilities and whether off or on-balance sheet. Such a policy would be expected to include the following information:

a.

how, with particular reference to its activities, the Authorised Person defines and measures Market Risk;

b.

the Authorised Person's investment or trading strategy distinguishing, as applicable, between its Trading and Non-Trading Books;

c.

the detailed limit structure for Market Risk which should:

i.

address all key risk factors;

ii.

be commensurate with the volume and complexity of activity; and

iii.

be consistent with the Authorised Person's strategy, historical performance, and the overall level of earnings or capital the Authorised Person is willing to risk;

d.

procedures for:

i.

approving new products and activities that give rise to Market Risk;

ii.

regular risk position and performance reporting;

iii.

limit exception reporting and approval; and

iv.

reporting and controlling of off-market trades, if these are permitted;

e.

where internal models are used to set Capital Requirements (as provided for in Section 5.3), the methods and assumptions used in these models and how the models are tested; and

f.

the allocation of responsibilities for implementing the Market Risk policy and for monitoring adherence to, and the effectiveness of, the policy.

2.

An Authorised Person should measure its Market Risk using a robust and consistent methodology. The appropriate method of measurement will depend upon the nature of the products traded. The Authorised Person

327

PRU VER17.290725

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

should consider whether the measurement methodologies should be tested, for example, through back-testing, and the frequency of such testing.

An Authorised Person should be able to measure its Market Risk Exposure both across risk types, such as interest rate, foreign exchange and commodities, and across the entire portfolio.

Where an Authorised Person is a member of a Group, which is subject to consolidated supervision, the Group should be able to monitor Market Risk Exposures on a consolidated basis (Chapter 8).

An Authorised Person should have the capability to assess the impact of any new transaction on its Market Risk position on an on-going basis, and should be capable of carrying out a full measurement of its positions at least daily.

An Authorised Person should implement an effective system for monitoring its Market Risk. This system should be independent of those within the Authorised Person which are responsible for taking Market Risk.

An Authorised Person should implement a system of management reporting which provides relevant, accurate, comprehensive, timely and reliable Market Risk reports to relevant functions within the Authorised Person. These reports should:

a.

alert senior management's attention to the size of Exposures and the relationship between these Exposures and limits;

b.

cover exceptions to the Authorised Person's Market Risk policy;

c.

present the results from stress tests undertaken; and

d.

analyse and explain any changes to the level and nature of Market Risk and any remedial action proposed or taken.

including stop-loss An Authorised Person should have procedures, procedures, for taking appropriate action according to the information within the management reports.

An Author