 long-term management of Liquidity Risk appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of the activities conducted and the strategy must include the matters referred to in (3), (4), and (5).

(3)

The strategy must include a system for identifying and assessing Liquidity Risk in accordance with Rule 9.2.4.

(4)

The strategy must include a process for the measurement and monitoring of Liquidity Risk using a robust and consistent method which enables the Authorised Person to implement the requirements set out in Rule 9.2.5.

(5)

The strategy must include a system for controlling Liquidity Risk which enables the Authorised Person to implement the requirements set out in Rule 9.2.6.

(6)

An Authorised Person must ensure that it has risk management systems to implement the policy.

Guidance

1.

The Regulator expects that an Authorised Person's Liquidity Risk strategy will set out the approach that the Authorised Person will take to Liquidity Risk management, including various quantitative and qualitative targets. It should be communicated to all relevant functions and staff within the organisation and be set out in the Authorised Person's Liquidity Risk policy.

2.

The Regulator expects that an Authorised Person's strategy for managing Liquidity Risk will take into account the need to:

a.

develop a liquidity management strategy, policies and processes in accordance with the Authorised Person's stated Liquidity Risk tolerance;

b.

ensure that the Authorised Person maintains sufficient liquidity at all times;

c.

determine the structure, responsibilities and controls for managing Liquidity Risk and for overseeing the liquidity positions of all branches and subsidiaries in the jurisdictions in which the Authorised Person is active, and outline these elements clearly in the Authorised Person's liquidity policies;

214

PRU VER17.290725

9.2.2

(1)

(2)

d.

have in place adequate internal controls to ensure the integrity of its Liquidity Risk management processes;

e.

ensure that stress tests, contingency funding plans and holdings of HQLA are effective and appropriate for the Authorised Person;

f.

establish a set of reporting criteria, specifying the scope, manner and frequency of reporting to various recipients (such as the Governing Body, senior management and the Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO)) and who is responsible for preparing the reports;

g.

establish the specific procedures and approvals necessary for exceptions to policies and limits, including the escalation procedures and follow-up actions to be taken for breaches of limits;

h.

monitor closely current trends and potential market developments that may present significant, unprecedented and complex challenges for managing Liquidity Risk so that appropriate and prompt changes to the liquidity management strategy can be made as needed; and

i.

continuously review information on the Authorised Person's liquidity developments and report regularly to the Governing Body.

An Authorised Person must ensure that its Governing Body is responsible for monitoring the nature and level of Liquidity Risk assumed by the Authorised Person and the process used to manage that risk.

Without limiting the operation of (1), the responsibilities of an Authorised Person's Governing Body in respect of Liquidity Risk include:

(a)

approving the statement of the Authorised Person's Liquidity Risk strategy;

(b)

establishing and maintaining a senior management structure with clearly defined responsibilities and roles for the management of Liquidity Risk and for ensuring compliance with the Authorised Person's Risk strategy;

(c)

ensuring the senior management in (b) and other relevant personnel have the necessary experience to manage Liquidity Risk;

(d)

monitoring the Authorised Person's overall Liquidity Risk profile on a regular basis and being aware of any material changes in the Authorised Person's current or prospective Liquidity Risk profile;

(e)

ensuring that Liquidity Risk is adequately identified, assessed, mitigated, controlled and monitored in accordance with the Authorised Person's Liquidity Risk tolerance and strategy;

215

PRU VER17.290725

(f)

ensuring that the Liquidity Risk tolerance and strategy is documented; and

(g)

ensuring that the Liquidity Risk tolerance and strategy is reviewed at least annually.

Requirements imposed on an Authorised Person in Category 2 or 3A

(3)

An Authorised Person in Category 2 or an Authorised Person that is a Domestic Firm in Category 3A must:

(a)

establish and maintain a senior management structure to manage Liquidity Risk;

(b)

identify, assess, mitigate