An Authorised Person should measure its Credit Risk using a robust and consistent methodology, which should be described in its Credit Risk policy. The Authorised Person should consider whether the measurement methodology should be back-tested and the frequency of any such back-testing.

30.

An Authorised Person should also be able to measure its total Exposure across the entire credit portfolio or within particular categories such as Exposures to particular industries, economic sectors or geographical areas.

31.

Where an Authorised Person is a member of a Group, the Group should be able to monitor credit Exposures on a consolidated basis.

32.

An Authorised Person should have the capability to measure its credit Exposure to individual Counterparties on at least a daily basis.

33.

Authorised Persons should analyse their credit portfolios to identify material inter-dependencies which can exaggerate risk concentrations. The importance can be illustrated by the contagion effects that a substantial decline in property or stock prices may have on the default rate of those

264

PRU VER17.290725

commercial and industrial loans which rely heavily on such types of Collateral.

34.

Authorised Persons should establish a system of regular independent credit and compliance audits. These audits should be performed by independent parties, e.g. internal audit and compliance, which report to the Governing Body or the audit committee.

35.

Credit audits should be conducted to assess individual credits on a sampling basis and the overall quality of the credit portfolio. Such audits are useful for evaluating the performance of account officers and the effectiveness of the credit process. They can also enable Authorised Persons to take early measures to protect their loans.

Risk monitoring

36.

An Authorised Person should implement an effective system for monitoring its Credit Risk, which should be described in its Credit Risk policy. The system may monitor the use of facilities, adherence to servicing requirements and covenants, and monitor the value of Collateral and identify problem accounts.

37.

An Authorised Person should consider the implementation of a system of management reporting which provides relevant, accurate, comprehensive, timely and reliable Credit Risk reports to relevant functions within the Authorised Person.

38.

Adequacy and sophistication of Credit Risk measurement tools required depends on the complexity and degree of the inherent risks of the products involved. An Authorised Person should have information systems and analytical techniques that provide sufficient information on the risk profile and structure of the credit portfolio. These should be flexible to help Authorised Person to identify risk concentrations. To achieve this, an Authorised Person system should be capable of analysing its credit portfolio by the following characteristics:

a.

size of Exposure;

b.

Exposure to Groups of related borrowers;

c.

products;

d.

sectors, e.g. geographic, industrial;

e.

borrowers' demographic profile for consumer credits, e.g. age or income group, if appropriate;

f.

account performance;

g.

internal credit ratings;

h.

outstandings versus commitments; and

265

PRU VER17.290725

39.

40.

41.

42.

43.

44.

45.

46.

i.

types and coverage of Collateral.

An Authorised Person should have procedures for taking appropriate action according to the information within the management reports, such as a review of Counterparty limits.

Particular attention should be given to the monitoring of credit that does not conform to usual Credit Risk policy, or which exceeds predetermined credit limits and criteria, but is sanctioned because of particular circumstances. Unauthorised exceptions to policies, procedures and limits should be reported in a timely manner to the appropriate level of management.

Individual credit facilities and overall limits and sub-limits should be periodically their performance and appropriateness for both the current circumstances of the Counterparty and internal and external economic in the Authorised Person's current environment. The frequency of review will usually be more intense for higher-risk Counterparties or larger Exposures or in fluctuating economic conditions.

reviewed

in order

to check

An Authorised Person should have in place a system for monitoring the overall quality of its Credit Risk Exposures under normal and stressful conditions. There should also be a reporting system which alerts management to aggregate Exposures approaching various pre-set portfolio limits.

An Authorised Person should be mindful of business and economic cycles and regularly stress-test their portfolios against adverse market scenarios. Adequate contingency planning should be developed in conjunction with stress-testing to address the possibility of crises developing in a very rapid fashion.

Appropriate stress testing of credit Ex