 The notional long and short positions created as result of the swap are recorded in the Trading Book, and the swap positions may be treated as Financial Instruments provided that appropriate documentation is in place (see Rule A2.1.14). The General Market Risk requirements associated with the swap legs are allocated to the appropriate Trading Book General Market Risk bucket and thus may reduce the overall General Market Risk requirement in the Trading Book.

c.

For an Authorised Person to undertake such a transaction there should be existing positions in the Trading Book, which result in a sufficient General Market Risk requirement to offset the General Market Risk created as a result of the swap.

A2.1.14 Appropriate documentation under A2.1.13 must cover:

(a)

details of the instruments or Exposures being transferred and the method used to transfer; and

(b)

the pricing of the transfer.

243

PRU VER17.290725

Guidance

1.

Separate documentation need not be produced for every transfer. If the same method is used for a number of transfers, a single document detailing the procedures will suffice. However, an Authorised Person must still be able to distinguish transactions that have been undertaken for risk transfer purposes from other transactions.

2.

Arm's-length prices must be used in any transfer. 'Arm's-length' means the prevailing market price for the particular transaction.

A2.2

Trading Book policy

Guidance

The requirement for a Trading Book policy is prescribed in Rule A2.1.1.

A2.2.1

A Trading Book policy must include clearly defined policies, procedures and methodologies by which the Authorised Person:

(a)

defines its Trading Book and identifies positions to be included in its Trading Book;

(b)

allocates positions between the Non-Trading Book and the Trading Book;

(c)

actively manages and values its positions in the Trading Book;

(d)

measures its Trading Book risks; and

(e)

controls transfers of positions between the Non-Trading Book and the Trading Book.

A2.2.2

An Authorised Person must obtain the prior written approval of its Governing Body for its Trading Book policy. The Authorised Person must review and where necessary update the policy at least annually. The Authorised Person must obtain the prior written approval of the Governing Body for all significant changes.

A2.2.3

An Authorised Person must, without undue delay, notify the Regulator when its Governing Body approves the adoption of a Trading Book policy or approves any changes to the policy.

Guidance

1.

At a minimum, the Regulator expects that a Trading Book policy will address the following:

a.

the definition of Trading Book and trading strategy, including:

i.

the activities that the Authorised Person considers to be trading and the types of positions that are to be allocated to

244

PRU VER17.290725

b.

the Trading Book for the purposes of calculating its regulatory Capital Requirements;

ii.

the types of positions that are excluded from the Trading Book; and

iii.

the procedures to ensure that the criteria by which positions are allocated to the Trading Book are adhered to on a consistent basis, including details on:

A.

the organisational unit or department within the Authorised Person for monitoring adherence to the Trading Book policy;

responsible

B.

the frequency of monitoring;

C.

process and methodology of this monitoring; and

D.

how the continuing appropriateness of allocations is confirmed;

the extent of active management and valuation, including:

i.

the extent to which a position can be marked-to-market daily by reference to an active, liquid two-way market;

ii.

for positions which are marked-to-model, the extent to which the Authorised Person can:

A.

identify all the material risks of the position;

B.

hedge the material risks of the position and, where the material risks of the position are hedged, the extent to which hedging instruments used have an active and liquid two-way market; and

C.

derive reliable external estimates for the key assumptions and parameters used in the model;

iii.

the extent to which the Authorised Person can, and is required to, generate valuations for the position which can validated externally by its Auditors or by the Regulator in a consistent manner;

iv.

the extent to which the Authorised Person can, and is required to, maintain documents to support valuations of its Trading Book positions;

v.

the