 has in place if its provisioning polices are not adhered to;

who is responsible for the regular reviews of the Authorised Person's specific and general provisions and who decides whether provision levels are satisfactory. The reviews should take account of changes in the status of the Exposures and potential losses and changes in the conditions associated with them;

the reports used to enable management to ensure that the Authorised Person's provisioning levels remain satisfactory, the frequency and purpose of those reports and their circulation;

the procedures for recovering Exposures in arrears or Exposures which have had provisions made against them, including who has responsibility both its arrears management and recovery and the involvement of the Authorised Person's solicitors;

internally and externally

for

the procedures and methodologies for writing off and writing back provisions, including treatment of interest and who has the relevant responsibility for determining these;

the frequency of any review of its write off experience against provisions raised; such a review can help identify whether an Authorised Person's policies result in over or under provisioning across the business cycle, and contribute to a general review of an Authorised Person's provisioning policy and the design of any loan grading systems, Credit Risk models, and risk pricing; and

273

PRU VER17.290725

q.

for the Authorised Person's procedures and methodologies calculating and raising provisions for contingent and other liabilities, how frequently they should be reviewed and who has the relevant include the crystallisation of responsibilities. Other contingent liabilities such as acceptances, endorsements, guarantees, performance bonds, indemnities, irrevocable letters of credit and the confirmation of documentary credits.

liabilities

77.

Provisions may be general (against the whole of a given portfolio) or specific (against particular Exposures identified as bad or doubtful), or both. The Regulator expects contingent liabilities and anticipated losses to be recognised in accordance with the applicable accounting standards.

78.

Appropriate systems and controls for provisions vary with the nature, scale and complexity of the credit granted. An Authorised Person for which the extension of credit is a substantial part of its business is expected to have greater regard to developing, implementing and documenting a provisioning policy than an Authorised Person for which Credit Risk is incidental to the operation of its business.

79.

The Regulator recognises that the frequency with which an Authorised Person reviews its provisioning policy once it has been established will vary from firm to firm. However, the Regulator expects an Authorised Person to review its policy to ensure it remains appropriate for the business it undertakes and the economic environment in which it operates. The provisioning policy should be reviewed at least annually by the Governing Body.

A4.2

Credit conversion factors (CCFs) for calculating Exposures

CCFs for off-balance sheet CR Exposures

A4.2.1

The applicable CCFs for off-balance sheet CR Exposures are provided in the table below.

Description of off-balance sheet item

CCF

(a) Direct credit substitutes

100%

(b) Transaction-related contingent items

50%

(c)

Short-term self-liquidating trade-related contingent items (applicable to both issuing and confirming banks) and commitments to underwrite debt and equity Securities

20%

(d)

Note issuance facilities and revolving Underwriting facilities

50%

(e)

Transactions, other than SFTs, involving the posting of Securities held by the Authorised Person as Collateral

100%

274

PRU VER17.290725

Description of off-balance sheet item

CCF

(f)

Asset sales with recourse, where the Credit Risk remains with the Authorised Person

100%

(g) Other commitments with certain drawdown

100%

(h) Other commitments:

(i)

with an Original Maturity of more than one year;

50%

(ii)

with an Original Maturity of one year or less;

20%

(iii)

which are unconditionally cancellable at any time by the Authorised Person without prior notice, or that effectively provide for automatic cancellation due to a deterioration in the creditworthiness of an obligor

0%

Guidance

1.

In cases where there is an undertaking to provide a commitment on another off-balance sheet Exposure, an Authorised Person should apply the lower of the applicable CCFs. Examples of direct credit substitutes include general guarantees of indebtedness, standby letters of credit serving as financial (including guarantees endorsements with the character of acceptances). Examples of