ised Person;

c.

estimate, using the range and distribution of possible losses estimated from historical data, the level of capital required reasonably to cover likely losses;

d.

estimate the Capital Resources required to address potential variation in the Authorised Person's Capital Requirement arising from planned growth in business levels or any significant deviation in growth from plans; and

e.

document the ranges of capital required for each of the factors identified above and enable the Governing Body and the senior management to form an overall view on the amount and quality of capital which that Authorised Person should hold.

The Regulator does not require an Authorised Person to implement ICAAP through sophisticated models and the Regulator has no prescribed approach for developing an internal capital model for the firm's ICAAP assessment. However, an Authorised Person should be able to demonstrate:

a.

the confidence levels set and whether these are linked to its corporate strategy;

b.

the time horizons set for the different types of business that it undertakes;

c.

the extent of historic data used and back-testing carried out;

d.

that it has in place a process to verify the correctness of the model's outputs; and

432

PRU VER17.290725

e.

that it has the skills and resources to operate, maintain and develop the model.

7.

implicit If an Authorised Person's assumptions in relation to correlations within or between risk types, or in relation to diversification benefits between business lines, the firm should be able to explain to the Regulator, with the support of empirical evidence, the basis of those assumptions. An Authorised Person's model should also reflect the past experience of both the firm and the sectors in which it operates.

internal model makes explicit or

8.

The assumptions required to aggregate risks that are modelled and the confidence levels adopted should be considered by the Authorised Person's senior management. An Authorised Person should also consider whether any relevant risks, including systems and control risks, are not captured by the model.

9.

An Authorised Person using an internal capital model should validate the assumptions of the model through a comprehensive stress testing programme. In particular this validation should:

a.

test correlation assumptions (where risks are aggregated in this way) using combined stresses and scenario analyses;

b.

use stress tests to identify the extent to which the firm's risk models omit non-linear effects, for instance the behaviour of Derivatives in Market Risk models; and

c.

consider not just the effect of parallel shifts in interest rate curves, but also the effect of the curves becoming steeper or flatter.

10.

Any internal assessment of capital adequacy should address diversification benefits and transferability of Capital Resources between members of the Financial Group. It should also describe the distribution of the capital required by the Financial Group across all entities, including the Authorised Person.

A11.3

Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP)

Guidance

Application

1.

This Guidance in Section 10.5 (that is, a firm in Category 1, 2, 3A, 3B, 3C or 5) in regard to a Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (referred to in this Guidance as a SREP).

is relevant to an Authorised Person as described

433

PRU VER17.290725

Introduction

2.

This Guidance covers the evaluation criteria and methodology (referred to as a SREP) that the Regulator may use when reviewing and evaluating the IRAP and ICAAP of an Authorised Person.

The SREP in detail

3.

A SREP of an IRAP and an ICAAP forms an integral part of the overall supervisory approach of the Regulator. A SREP is expected to enable assessment of the effectiveness, completeness and quality of an IRAP and ICAAP in relation to the overall risk profile of the Authorised Person. It leverages from information collected and assessments carried out as part of the wider supervisory regime, including desk-based reviews, on-site risk assessments, discussions with the firm's management, and reviews completed by internal and external Auditors.

4.

The SREP is structured to provide consistency of treatment across Authorised Persons, taking into consideration the differences in risk profiles, business strategies and management. An essential element of the SREP is the qualitative assessment of each type of risk and its management within the overall context of the firm's internal governance.

5.

The Regulator