725

A7.3.4

An Authorised Person may, in calculating its Operational Risk Capital Requirement under Rule A7.3.1:

(a)

aggregate retail and commercial banking using a single beta of 15%; or

(b)

if it is unable to disaggregate gross income in its six other business lines, aggregate the total gross income for these six business lines using a beta of 18%, with negative gross income treated as described in the Standardised Approach.

Guidance

1.

For the purposes of the Alternative Standardised Approach, total loans and advances in the retail banking business line consist of the total drawn amounts in the following credit portfolios: retail, SMEs treated as retail, and purchased retail receivables.

2.

For commercial banking, total loans and advances consist of the drawn amounts in the following credit portfolios: corporate, sovereign, bank, specialised lending, SMEs treated as corporate and purchased corporate receivables. The book value of Securities held in the Non-Trading Book should also be included.

3.

The three year average should be calculated on the basis of the last three yearly observations at the end of the Authorised Person's financial year. When audited figures are not available, business estimates may be used.

4.

Where an Authorised Person does not have sufficient annual gross income data to meet the three year requirement (e.g. a start-up) for the Standardised Approach, or on the level of loans and advances for the Alternative Standardised Approach, it may use its forward-looking projections for all or part of the three year time period.

5.

In accordance with Rule 6.11.3, an Authorised Person seeking to apply the Standardised Approach or the Alternative Standardised Approach must develop specific policies and have documented criteria for mapping gross income for current business lines and activities into the Standardised Approach or the Alternative Standardised Approach. The criteria must be reviewed and adjusted for new or changing business activities as appropriate. The principles for business line mapping are set out below.

Principles for business line mapping

6.

All activities should be mapped into the eight level 1 business lines in a mutually exclusive and jointly exhaustive manner.

7.

Any activity which cannot be readily mapped into the business line framework, but which represents an ancillary function to an activity included in the framework, should be allocated to the business line it supports. If more

392

PRU VER17.290725

than one business line is supported through the ancillary activity, an objective mapping criteria should be used.

8.

When mapping gross income, if an activity cannot be mapped into a particular business line then the business line yielding the highest charge should be used. The same business line equally applies to any associated ancillary activity.

9.

An Authorised Person may use internal pricing methods to allocate gross income between business lines, provided that total gross income for the firm (as would be recorded under the Basic Indicator Approach) still equals the sum of gross income for the eight business lines.

10.

The mapping of activities into business lines for Operational Risk capital purposes should be consistent with the definitions of business lines used for regulatory capital calculations in other risk categories, i.e. credit and Market Risk. Any deviations from this principle should be clearly motivated and documented.

11.

The mapping process used should be clearly documented. In particular, written business line definitions should be clear and detailed enough to allow third parties to replicate the business line mapping. Documentation should, among other things, clearly motivate any exceptions or overrides and be kept on record.

12.

Processes should be in place to define the mapping of any new activities or products and the mapping process to business lines should be subject to independent review.

Table – Mapping of Business Lines

Level 1

Level 2

Activity Groups

Corporate Finance

Corporate Finance

Municipal/Government Finance

Merchant Banking

Advisory Services

Mergers and acquisitions, Underwriting, privatisations, securitisation, research, debt (government, high yield), equity, syndications, IPO, secondary private placements.

Trading and Sales

Sales

Market Making

Proprietary Positions

Treasury

Fixed income, equity, foreign exchanges, commodities, credit, funding, own position Securities, lending and repos, brokerage, debt, prime brokerage.

393

PRU VER17.290725

Level 1

Retail Banking

Commercial Banking

Payment and Settlement

Agency Services

Asset Management

Level 2