 provided to institutional customers under a legally binding agreement and the termination of such agreements should be subject either to a notice period of at least 30 days or to significant switching costs to be borne by the customer if the operational Deposits are moved before 30 days.

13.

Qualifying operational Deposits generated by such an activity should consist of Deposits which are:

a.

by-products of the underlying services provided by the Authorised Person;

b.

not offered by the Authorised Person in the wholesale market in the sole interest of offering interest income; and

c.

held in specifically designated accounts and priced without giving an economic incentive to the customer to leave excess funds on these accounts.

14.

Any excess balances that could be withdrawn without jeopardising these clearing, custody or cash management activities should not qualify as operational Deposits.

Liquidity facilities

15.

A liquidity facility should consist of any committed, undrawn back-up facility that would be used to refinance the debt obligations of a customer in situations where such a customer is unable to roll over that debt in financial markets. The amount of any commitment to be treated as a liquidity facility should consist of the amount of the outstanding debt issued by the customer (or proportionate share of a syndicated facility) maturing within a 30-day period that is backstopped by the facility. Any additional capacity of the facility should be treated as a committed Credit Facility. General working capital facilities for corporate entities (e.g. revolving credit facilities in place for general corporate

413

PRU VER17.290725

or working capital purposes) should not be classified as liquidity facilities, but as credit facilities.

16.

Despite paragraph 15, any facilities provided to hedge funds, Money market funds and special purpose funding vehicles, or other vehicles used to finance an Authorised Person's own assets, should be captured in their entirety as a liquidity facility to a Financial Institution.

Unrestricted PSIAs and other Shari'a compliant products

17.

For the purposes of calculating cash outflows, Unrestricted PSIAs should be treated similarly to the relevant category of Deposits specified in the Table. The appropriate run-off factor for a PSIA will depend on the contractual withdrawal rights of the investment account holders and whether it is a retail or wholesale account.

18.

For commodity Murabaha transactions, a run-off factor of 100% should be applied to the balance of the Murabaha payable, if the remaining term of the contract does not exceed 30 days. If early withdrawal of the original amount is allowed at the discretion of the Authorised Person with no mark-up, then the applicable run-off factor will be the same as that for the relevant category of Deposit or Unrestricted PSIA under the Table.

Outstanding debt securities

19.

Issuers with an affiliated dealer or market-maker must include outstanding debt securities (unsecured and secured, term as well as short-term) with remaining maturities greater than thirty days in order to cover the potential repurchase of such outstanding securities.

Cash Inflows

A10.2.16 (1)

When considering its available cash inflows, an Authorised Person may include contractual inflows from outstanding Exposures only if they are fully performing and there is no reasonable basis to expect a default within the 30- day period. Contingent inflows are not included in total net cash inflows.

(2)

Where an Authorised Person is overly reliant on cash inflows from one or a limited number of wholesale Counterparties, the Regulator may set an alternative limit on the level of cash inflows that can be included in the LCR.

A10.2.17 (1)

The Regulator may allow an Authorised Person to recognise as cash inflow, access to a Parent entity's funds via a committed funding facility if the Authorised Person is a Subsidiary of a foreign bank. In such instances, the committed funding facility from the Parent entity must meet both of the following criteria:

(a)

the facility must be an irrevocable commitment and must be appropriately documented; and

414

PRU VER17.290725

(b)

the facility must be quantified.

(2)

A committed funding facility from a Parent entity referred to in (1) can be recognised as a cash inflow only from day 16 of the LCR scenario. The cash inflow from a Parent entity can be sufficient in size to cover only net cash outflows against items