 Person should apply stress scenarios at least weekly and report at least quarterly to the Regulator the results, including comparisons with the Authorised Person's Capital Requirement in accordance with this point. Any instances where the stress test results materially exceed the Capital Requirement for the correlation trading portfolio should be reported to the Regulator in a timely manner.

385

PRU VER17.290725

7.

The internal model should conservatively assess the risk arising from less liquid positions and positions with limited price transparency under realistic market scenarios. In addition, the internal model should meet minimum data standards. Proxies should be appropriately conservative and may be used only where available data is insufficient or is not reflective of the true volatility of a position or portfolio.

Stress testing

A6.9.4

(1)

For the purposes of Rule 5.11.3, an Authorised Person's internal model must meet the following criteria:

(a)

the Authorised Person's stress scenarios must cover a range of factors that can create extraordinary losses or gains in trading portfolios, or make the control of risk in those portfolios very difficult. These factors include low-probability events in all major types of risks, including the various components of market, credit, and Operational Risks;

(b)

the Authorised Person's stress tests must be both of a quantitative and qualitative nature, incorporating both Market Risk and liquidity aspects of market disturbances. Quantitative criteria must identify plausible stress scenarios to which the Authorised Person could be exposed. Qualitative criteria must emphasise that two major goals of stress testing are to evaluate the capacity of the Authorised Person's capital to absorb potential large losses and to identify steps the Authorised Person can take to reduce its risk and conserve capital; and

(c)

the Authorised Person must combine the use of supervisory stress scenarios with stress tests developed by the Authorised Person itself to reflect their Specific Risk characteristics. Information is required in three broad areas:

(i)

supervisory scenarios requiring no simulations by the Authorised Person - the Authorised Person must have information on the largest losses experienced during the reporting period available for supervisory review. This loss information must be compared to the level of capital that results from an Authorised Person's internal measurement system;

(ii)

supervisory scenarios the Authorised Person – the Authorised Person must subject its portfolio to a series of simulated stress scenarios and provide the Regulator with the results (e.g., the sensitivity of the Authorised Person's Market Risk Exposure to changes in the assumptions about volatilities and correlations); and

requiring a simulation by

386

PRU VER17.290725

(2)

(iii)

scenarios developed by the Authorised Person itself to capture the specific characteristics of its portfolio.

In addition to the scenarios prescribed under (1)(c), an Authorised Person must also develop its own stress tests which it identifies as most adverse, based on the characteristics of its portfolio, for example, problems arising in a key region of the world combined with a sharp move in oil prices. The Authorised Person must also provide the Regulator with a description of the methodology used to identify and carry out the scenarios as well as with a description of the results derived from these scenarios.

387

PRU VER17.290725

APP7 CALCULATING THE OPERATIONAL RISK CAPITAL REQUIREMENT

Guidance

1.

Section 6.11 of these Rules provides that an Authorised Person in Categories 1, 2, 3A and 5 must use the Basic Indicator Approach to calculate its Operational Risk Capital Requirement, unless the firm has approval from the Regulator to use the Standardised Approach or Alternative Standardised Approach. In this App7:

a.

the Basic Indicator Approach is prescribed in Section A7.1;

b.

the Standardised Approach is prescribed in Section A7.2; and

c.

the Alternative Standardised Approach is prescribed in Section A7.3.

A7.1

Basic Indicator Approach

A7.1.1

(1)

(a)

(i)

An Authorised Person which uses the Basic Indicator Approach must calculate its Operational Risk Capital Requirement equal to the average over the previous three years of a fixed percentage (denoted by alpha) of positive annual gross income.

(ii)

For any year that annual gross income is zero or negative, that year must be excluded from both the numerator and the denominator in the calculation.

(b)

(i) Where an Authorised Person does not have