 stable value

428

PRU VER17.290725

APP11 SUPERVISORY REVIEW AND EVALUATION PROCESS

A11.1

IRAP

Guidance

Application

1.

This Guidance in Section 10.3 (that is, a firm in Category 1, 2, 3A, 3B, 3C, or 5) in regard to an Internal Risk Assessment Process (referred to in this Guidance as an IRAP).

is relevant

to an Authorised Person described

2.

The following Guidance generally assumes that the Rules relating to capital adequacy in these Rules apply to an Authorised Person on a solo basis. However, the Guidance is to be read as also applying where the capital adequacy requirements in these Rules apply to the Financial Group of an Authorised Person on a consolidated basis.

Purpose of the IRAP

3.

The IRAP is an internal process of an Authorised Person which enables it to identify, assess, aggregate and monitor its risks adequately. The objective of the IRAP is to develop a comprehensive and detailed risk profile for the firm. The IRAP should help the firm ensure that sound risk management systems are in place, address any weaknesses in its risk management framework, and maintain adequate internal capital and liquid financial resources relative to its risk profile and to meet its liquidity risk management needs.

4.

An Authorised Person should ensure that the IRAP forms an integral part of the firm's risk management framework and decision-making processes. The IRAP should cover all activities of the Authorised Person and should be proportionate to the nature and complexity of the firm's activities.

5.

The Authorised Person should be able to demonstrate to the Regulator that its internal risk assessment is comprehensive and adequate relative to the nature of risks posed by its business activities and its operating environment.

6.

The Regulator does not prescribe any specific approach for the IRAP and, consequently, an Authorised Person can choose to implement an IRAP which is proportionate to the nature, size and complexity of the business activities.

7.

The IRAP should be subject to adequate internal controls and reviews by internal audit to ensure the integrity and objectivity of the process. The IRAP should consider the quality and effectiveness of the Authorised Person's risk management framework while determining its risk profile.

8.

The IRAP should:

429

PRU VER17.290725

a.

identify and outline all related parties of the Authorised Person, and list the types of transactions that occur between those related parties and the firm;

b.

identify the most significant risks to which the firm is exposed, which should, at a minimum, include the risks identified in Guidance note 11;

c.

identify each of the firm's major business lines and prepare a comprehensive list of the major risks to which each of the businesses are exposed;

d.

identify the controls and risk management measures used to address the risks referred to in b. and c. and assess the strength of such controls and systems; and

e.

consider the impact of an economic or industry downturn on its future earnings, taking into account its business plans.

9.

The IRAP should, in addition to the aforementioned factors:

a.

estimate, with the aid of historical data, where available, the range and distribution of possible losses which might arise from each of those risks and consider using stress tests to provide risk estimates (see guidance under App3 in relation to the design of effective stress testing frameworks);

b.

consider the extent to which the firm's Capital Requirement adequately addresses the type of risks referred to under Guidance note 8.b. and c.; and

c.

estimate the expected change in the firm's risk profile on the basis of projections of the firm's business activities for the next three to five years and be informed by the business plan of the Authorised Person, as required by GEN 3.3.16.

10.

If the firm's IRAP is based on this Guidance, it may enable the Regulator more easily to review the IRAP as part of its SREP. However, the Regulator may decide to rely on an IRAP that is not consistent with the elements of this Guidance, owing reasons and/or circumstances which necessitate an alternative approach.

to specific

Guidance on risks to be covered as part of the IRAP

11.

An Authorised Person should consider the following risks, where relevant, in its IRAP and all others that it believes