.

The determination of the appropriate liquidity horizon for a position or set of positions should take into account an Authorised Person's internal policies relating to valuation adjustments and the management of stale positions. When an Authorised Person determines liquidity horizons for sets of positions rather than for individual positions, the criteria for defining sets of positions should be defined in a way that meaningfully reflects differences in liquidity. The liquidity horizons should be greater for positions that are concentrated, reflecting the longer period needed to liquidate such positions. The liquidity horizon for a securitisation warehouse should reflect the time to build, sell and securitise the assets, or to hedge the material risk factors, under stressed market conditions.

Recognition of hedges in the internal IRC model

11.

hedges may be incorporated into an Authorised Person's internal model to capture the incremental default and migration risks. Positions may be netted when long and short positions refer to the same Financial Instrument. Hedging or diversification effects associated with long and short positions involving different instruments or different Financial Instruments of the same obligor, as well as long and short positions in different Issuers, may only be recognised by explicitly modelling gross long and short positions in the different instruments. Authorised Persons should reflect the impact of material risks that could occur during the interval between the hedge's

382

PRU VER17.290725

maturity and the liquidity horizon as well as the potential for significant basis risks in hedging strategies by product, seniority in the capital structure, internal or external rating, maturity, vintage and other differences in the instruments. An Authorised Person should reflect a hedge only to the extent that it can be maintained even as the obligor approaches a credit or other event.

12.

For positions that are hedged via dynamic hedging strategies, a rebalancing of the hedge within the liquidity horizon of the hedged position may be recognised, provided that the Authorised Person:

a.

chooses to model rebalancing of the hedge consistently over the relevant set of Trading Book positions;

b.

demonstrates that the inclusion of rebalancing results in a better risk measurement; and

c.

demonstrates that the markets for the instruments serving as hedges are liquid enough to allow for such rebalancing even during periods of stress. Any residual risks resulting from dynamic hedging strategies must be reflected in the Capital Requirement.

Additional content of the internal IRC model

13.

The internal model to capture the incremental default and migration risks should reflect the nonlinear impact of Options, structured Credit Derivatives and other positions with material nonlinear behaviour with respect to price changes. The Authorised Person should also have due regard to the amount of model risk inherent in the valuation and estimation of price risks associated with such products.

14.

The internal model should be based on data that are objective and up-to-date.

15.

As part of the independent review and validation of their internal models used for purposes of this Chapter, an Authorised Person should in particular do all of the following:

a.

validate that its modelling approach for correlations and price changes is appropriate for its portfolio, including the choice and weights of its systematic risk factors;

b.

perform a variety of stress tests, including sensitivity analysis and scenario analysis, to assess the qualitative and quantitative reasonableness of the internal model, particularly with regard to the treatment of concentrations. Such tests should not be limited to the range of events experienced historically; and

c.

apply appropriate quantitative validation, including relevant internal modelling benchmarks.

383

PRU VER17.290725

16.

The internal model should be consistent with the Authorised Person's internal risk management methodologies for identifying, measuring, and managing trading risks.

17.

Authorised Persons should document their internal models so that their correlation and other modelling assumptions are transparent to the Regulator.

18.

The internal model should conservatively assess the risk arising from less liquid positions and positions with limited price transparency under realistic market scenarios. In addition, the internal model should meet minimum data standards. Proxies should be appropriately conservative and may be used only where available data is insufficient or is not reflective of the true volatility of a position or portfolio.

Not fully compliant IRC approaches

19.

If an Authorised Person uses an internal model to capture incremental default and migration risks that does not comply with all requirements specified in Guidance notes 4 to 18 of A6.9.2, but that is consistent with the Authorised Person's internal methodologies