

0.00

5

0.40

6

0.50

7

0.65

8

0.75

9

0.85

10 or more

1.00

15.

An Authorised Person should count daily violations on the basis of back-testing on hypothetical and actual changes in the portfolio's value. A violation for this purpose is defined as a one-day change in the portfolio's value that exceeds the related one-day VaR number generated by the Authorised Person's model. For the purpose of determining the addend the number of violations should be assessed at least on a quarterly basis and should be equal to the higher of the number of violations under hypothetical and actual changes in the value of the portfolio.

16.

Back-testing on hypothetical changes in the portfolio's value should be based on a comparison between the portfolio's end-of-day value and, assuming unchanged positions, its value at the end of the subsequent day. Back-testing on actual changes in the portfolio's value should be based on a comparison between the portfolio's end-of-day value and its actual value at the end of the subsequent day excluding fees, commissions, and net interest income.

17.

The Regulator may in individual cases limit the addend to that resulting from violations under hypothetical changes, where the number of violations under actual changes does not result from deficiencies in the internal model.

18.

In order to enable the Regulator to monitor the appropriateness of the multiplication factors on an ongoing basis, the Authorised Person should notify promptly, and in any case no later than within five working days, any violations that result from its back-testing programme.

Internal Validation

19.

Authorised Persons should have processes in place to ensure that all their internal models used for purposes of Chapter 5 have been adequately validated by suitably qualified parties independent of the development process to ensure that they are conceptually sound and adequately capture all material risks. The validation should be conducted when the internal

379

PRU VER17.290725

model is initially developed and when any significant changes are made to the internal model.

The validation should also be conducted on a periodic basis but especially where there have been any significant structural changes in the market or changes to the composition of the portfolio which might lead to the internal model no longer being adequate. As techniques and best practices for internal validation evolve, Authorised Persons should apply these advances. Internal model validation should not be limited to back-testing, but should, at a minimum, also include the following:

a.

tests to demonstrate that any assumptions made within the internal model are appropriate and do not underestimate or overestimate the risk;

b.

in addition to regulatory back-testing of programmes, Authorised Persons should carry out their own internal model validation tests, including back-testing, in relation to the risks and structures of their portfolios; and

c.

the use of hypothetical portfolios to ensure that the internal model is able to account for particular structural features that may arise, for example material basis risks and concentration risks.

20.

The Authorised Person should perform back-testing on both actual and hypothetical changes in the portfolio's value.

Requirements for modelling Specific Risk

21.

An internal model used for calculating Capital Requirements for Specific Risk and an internal model for correlation trading should meet the following additional requirements:

a.

it explains the historical price variation in the portfolio;

b.

it captures concentration in terms of magnitude and changes of composition of the portfolio;

c.

it is robust to an adverse environment;

d.

it is validated through back-testing aimed at assessing whether Specific Risk is being accurately captured. If the Authorised Person performs such back-testing on the basis of relevant sub-portfolios, these must be chosen in a consistent manner;

e.

it captures name-related basis risk and should in particular be sensitive to material idiosyncratic differences between similar, but not identical, positions; and

f.

it captures event risk.

380

PRU VER17.290725

Exclusions from Specific Risk models

22.

An Authorised Person may choose to exclude from the calculation of its Specific Risk Capital Requirement using an internal model those positions for which it fulfils a Capital Requirement for Specific Risk in accordance with relevant Sections of Chapter 5.

23.

An Authorised Person may choose not to capture default and migration risks for debt instruments in its internal model where it is capturing those risks through internal models for incremental default and migration risk.

A6.9.2

Incremental risk charge (