

25%

Level 2B HQLA – other HQLA

50%

Non-HQLA eligible trading assets that are Investment Grade

60%

(5)

The Regulator may vary the discount factors to reflect the conditions of a particular market or institution.

A10.4

The Net Stable Funding Ratio

Guidance

1.

Neither the NSFR, nor the LCR, should be seen by an Authorised Person as providing a complete picture of its funding profile or the stability of the funding available to it. An Authorised Person should always conduct further assessments of its funding needs and sources of funding to complement the information obtained from the two measures.

2.

Terms used for the NSFR mirror those in use for the LCR, unless otherwise stated.

A10.4.1

An Authorised Person must calculate its NSFR on an ongoing basis, using the total amount of Available Stable Funding calculated in accordance with Rule A10.4.8 and the total amount of Required Stable Funding calculated in accordance with Rule A10.4.9.

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Person should calculate its NSFR with appropriate frequency to ensure that it is able to monitor its satisfaction of the requirement in Rule 10.4.1 at all times and, additionally, where it believes that a change has

419

PRU VER17.290725

happened to its Available Stable Funding or Required Stable Funding that might result in a material change to the level of its NSFR.

2.

For Available Stable Funding, i.e. on the funding side, the ASF factors have been calibrated to reflect the tenor of the funding with longer-term liabilities assumed to be more stable than short-term liabilities, and also the nature of the counterparty providing the funding.

3.

For Required Stable Funding, i.e. covering assets and off-balance sheet items, the RSF factors again reflect the tenor of the assets. The calibration of the factors assumes that short-dated assets should attract lower RSF factors as a proportion of them could be allowed to run to maturity instead of requiring further funding in the event of their being rolled over, which may also be influenced by the desire to maintain customer relationships. Similarly, unencumbered, high-quality assets may be more easily securitised or traded to provide additional funding and this is recognised in lower RSF factors.

Available Stable Funding (ASF)

A10.4.2

Subject to Rule A10.4.6, an Authorised Person must identify its capital instruments that are to be included in its Available Stable Funding by considering the capital elements that are meet the requirements for eligibility under:

(a) Rule 3.10.2;

(b) Rule 3.11.2; and

(c) Rule 3.12.2, excluding all Tier 2 capital instruments with residual maturity of

less than one year.

A10.4.3

Subject to Rule A10.4.6, an Authorised Person must include in the calculation of its Available Stable Funding the total amount of its other capital instruments that are not captured under A10.4.2 and that have a residual maturity of one year or more.

A10.4.4 Where the value of a Derivative Contract represents a liability for an Authorised

Person, the Authorised Person must:

(a)

calculate the negative value of the liability as the replacement cost for the contract, obtained by marking-to-market; and

(b)

deduct any collateral posted in the form of variation margin from the negative replacement cost amount.

A10.4.5

An Authorised Person may use the net replacement cost as the replacement cost for a set of derivative exposures between the Authorised Person and a Counterparty where the following conditions are met:

(a)

an eligible bilateral netting contract must be in place between the Authorised Person and the Counterparty that is binding on the Authorised Person and the Counterparty and that is legally enforceable in all relevant jurisdictions;

420

PRU VER17.290725

(b)

that contract is a qualified financial contract as specified in the ADGM Insolvency Regulations and meets the conditions specified in Part 7, Chapter 2 therein; and

(c)

the Authorised Person meets the disclosure requirements for the NSFR as specified in App12.

A10.4.6

In determining the residual maturity of an instrument captured under Rule A10.4.2