CR for a Financial Group, where applicable, qualifying HQLA held to meet statutory liquidity requirements at a legal entity or sub-consolidated level may be included in the stock at the consolidated level only to the extent that the related risks are also reflected in the consolidated LCR. Any surplus of HQLA held at the legal entity can be included in the consolidated stock of HQLA only if those assets would also be freely available to the consolidated Parent entity in times of stress.

A10.2.12 An Authorised Person must be able to meet its liquidity needs in each currency in which it has a significant Exposure. The currencies of the stock of HQLA of an Authorised Person must be similar in composition to its liquidity needs by currency.

Total Net Cash Outflow

A10.2.13 (1)

An Authorised Person must calculate its Total Net Cash Outflow over the following 30 calendar days in accordance with the following formula:

407

PRU VER17.290725

Total Net Cash Outflows over the next 30 calendar days

=

Total expected cash outflows



Min (total expected cash inflows, 75% of total expected cash outflows)

(2)

Total expected cash outflows are calculated by multiplying the outstanding balances of various categories or types of liabilities and off-balance sheet commitments by the rates at which they are expected to run off or be drawn down.

(3)

Total expected cash inflows are calculated by multiplying the outstanding balances of various categories of contractual receivables by the rates at which they are expected to flow in.

(4)

To ensure a minimum level of HQLA holdings at all times, total cash inflows are subject to an aggregate cap of 75% of total expected cash outflows.

A10.2.14 An Authorised Person must not double-count items. That is, for assets included as part of the eligible stock of HQLA, the associated cash inflows arising from such assets must not be counted as cash inflows for the purpose of calculating the net cash outflows over the next 30 calendar days.

Cash Outflows

A10.2.15 The following table specifies, for each of the various categories or types of liabilities and off-balance sheet commitments, the rates at which they are expected to run off or be drawn down for the purpose of calculating the LCR.

Cash Outflows

Item

Factor

A. Retail Deposits:

Demand Deposit and term Deposits (less than 30 days maturity)

Stable Deposits

5%

Less stable retail Deposits

10%

Term Deposits with residual maturity greater than 30 days

0%

B. Unsecured Wholesale Funding:

408

PRU VER17.290725

Cash Outflows

Item

Small business customers - demand and term Deposits with less than 30 days maturity provided by:

Stable Deposits

Less stable Deposits

Small business customers - term Deposits with residual maturity greater than 30 days with no legal right to withdraw or a withdrawal with a significant penalty

Operational Deposits generated by clearing, custody and cash management activities:

Portion covered by Deposit insurance

Cooperative banks in an institutional network (qualifying Deposits with the centralised institution)

Non-financial corporates, sovereigns, central banks, multilateral development banks and PSEs



If the entire amount is fully covered by a Deposit protection scheme

Other legal entity customers

C. Secured Funding:

Secured funding transactions with a central bank Counterparty or backed by Level 1 HQLA with any Counterparty

Secured funding transactions backed by Level 2A HQLA, with any Counterparty

Secured funding transactions backed by non-Level 1 HQLA or non- Level 2A HQLA, with domestic sovereigns, multilateral development banks, or domestic PSEs as a Counterparty

Backed by RMBS eligible for inclusion in Level 2B HQLA

Backed by other Level 2B HQLA

All other secured funding transactions

D. Additional Requirements:

Derivatives cash outflows

Liquidity needs (e.g. Collateral calls) related to financing transactions, Derivatives and other contracts

Market valuation changes on non-Level 1 HQLA posted Collateral securing Derivatives

Factor

5%

10%

0%

25%

5%

25%

40%

20%

100%

