 make Deposit withdrawal highly unlikely; or

b.

the Deposits are in transactional accounts (e.g. accounts where salaries are automatically credited).

4.

If an Authorised Person is not able to readily identify which retail Deposits would qualify as "stable" according to paragraph 4, it should place the full amount in the "less stable" buckets.

411

PRU VER17.290725

5.

Less stable Deposits should consist of the portion of Deposits that do not meet the conditions in paragraph 4 and also include types of Deposits more likely to be withdrawn in a time of stress. These should include high-value Deposits (i.e. Deposits above any Deposit insurance limit), Deposits from customers who do not have established relationships with an Authorised Person that make the Deposit withdrawal unlikely, Deposits from sophisticated or high net worth individuals, Deposits where the internet is integral to the design, marketing and use of the account (on-line accounts) and Deposits with promotional interest rates (i.e. that are heavily rate-driven).

6.

Cash outflows related to retail term Deposits with a residual maturity or withdrawal notice period of greater than 30 days should be excluded from total expected cash outflows only if the depositor has no legal right to withdraw Deposits within the 30-day period of the LCR, or if early withdrawal results in a significant penalty that is materially greater than the loss of interest. If an Authorised Person allows a depositor to withdraw such Deposits despite a clause that says the depositor has no legal right to withdraw, the entire category of these funds should be treated as demand Deposits.

Unsecured wholesale funding:

7.

Unsecured wholesale funding should consist of liabilities and general obligations raised from non-natural Persons (i.e. legal entities, including sole proprietorships and Partnerships) and not collateralised by legal rights to specifically designated assets owned by the Authorised Person accepting the Deposit in the case of bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or resolution. Obligations related to Derivative contracts should be excluded from this category.

8.

The wholesale funding included in the LCR should consist of all funding that is callable within the LCR's period of 30 days or that has its earliest possible contractual maturity date within this period (such as maturing term Deposits and unsecured debt Securities), as well as funding with an undetermined maturity. This should include all funding with Options that are exercisable at the investor's discretion within the 30-day period.

9.

Wholesale funding that is callable by the funds provider subject to a contractually defined and binding notice period longer than the 30-day period should not be included.

10.

Unsecured wholesale funding provided by small and medium-sized enterprise customers should be treated as Deposits from individuals where:

a.

the Deposits and other extensions of funds made by non-financial small and medium-sized enterprise customers are managed as retail accounts and are generally considered as having similar Liquidity Risk characteristics to retail accounts; and

412

PRU VER17.290725

b.

the total aggregated funding raised from a small and medium-sized enterprise customer is less than $1 million (on a consolidated basis where applicable).

Operational Deposits

11.

Operational Deposits should consist of those Deposits where customers place, or leave, Deposits with an Authorised Person to facilitate their access and ability to use payment and settlement systems and otherwise make payments. Balances can be included only if the customer has a substantive dependency on the Authorised Person and the Deposit is required for such activities.

12.

Qualifying activities in this context refer to clearing, custody or cash management activities where the customer is reliant on the Authorised Person to perform these services as an independent third-party intermediary in order to fulfil its normal banking activities over the next 30 days. These services should be provided to institutional customers under a legally binding agreement and the termination of such agreements should be subject either to a notice period of at least 30 days or to significant switching costs to be borne by the customer if the operational Deposits are moved before 30 days.

13.

Qualifying operational Deposits generated by such an activity should consist of Deposits which are:

a.

by-products of the underlying services provided by the Authorised Person;

b.

not offered by the Authorised Person in the wholesale market in the sole interest of offering interest income; and

c.

held in specifically designated accounts and priced