such as rents and salaries); and

(c)

an asset received in a reverse repo or Securities Financing Transactions that is held at the Authorised Person, is eligible for inclusion in the stock of HQLA only if the asset has not been rehypothecated and is legally and contractually available for the Authorised Person's use.

Guidance

1.

The requirements in Rules A10.2.2 to A10.2.4 are intended to ensure that the stock of HQLA is managed in such a way that the Authorised Person can, and is able to demonstrate that it can, immediately use the assets as a source of contingent funds that is available to convert into cash to fill funding gaps between cash inflows and outflows at any time during the 30-day stress period, with no restriction on the use of the liquidity generated.

2.

Under Rule A10.2.3(a), the control of the HQLA may be evidenced either by:

a.

maintaining assets in a separate pool managed by the identified liquidity management function (typically the treasurer) with the sole intent to use it as a source of contingent funds; or

b.

demonstrating that the relevant function can liquidate the asset at any point in the 30-day stress period and that the proceeds are available to the function throughout the 30-day stress period without directly conflicting with a stated business or risk management strategy.

3.

Operational capability to liquidate assets referred to in Rule A10.2.3(b), requires procedures and appropriate systems to be in place. This includes providing the liquidity management function with access to all necessary information to liquidate any asset at any time. Liquidation of the asset should

401

PRU VER17.290725

be executable operationally within the standard settlement period for the asset class in the relevant jurisdiction.

Caps on different types of HQLA

A10.2.5

(1)

Assets eligible to be included in the stock of HQLA for the purpose of the LCR calculation are classified under the following two categories:

(a)

Level 1 HQLA, consisting of the highest quality and most liquid assets; and

(b)

Level 2 HQLA, including Level 2A HQLA and Level 2B HQLA, consisting of other High Quality Liquid Assets.

(2)

When calculating the total stock of HQLA, an Authorised Person must apply the following caps in respect of each category of assets:

(a)

Level 1 HQLA can be included in the total stock of HQLA without any limit (i.e. up to 100% of HQLA);

(b)

Total Level 2 HQLA, including both Level 2A HQLA and Level 2B HQLA, can comprise only up to 40% of the total stock of HQLA; and

(c)

Level 2B HQLA can comprise only up to 15% of the total stock of HQLA within the overall 40% limit on Level 2 HQLA in (b).

(3)

The caps on Level 2 HQLA and Level 2B HQLA must be determined after applying the haircuts required under Rules A10.2.7 and A10.2.8, and after unwinding the amounts of HQLA involved in short-term secured funding, secured lending and Collateral swap transactions maturing within 30 calendar days that involve the exchange of HQLA.

(4)

The assets to be included in each category of HQLA must be restricted to assets being held or owned by the Authorised Person on the first day of the stress period, irrespective of their residual maturity.

Guidance

1.

The following Guidance is intended to illustrate how Rule A10.2.5 should be applied in practice.

2.

Under Rule A10.2.5(3) the adjusted amounts of HQLA should be calculated as the amount of HQLA that would result after unwinding those short-term secured funding, secured lending and Collateral swap transactions that involve the exchange of any HQLA for any other HQLA.

3.

The calculation of the stock of HQLA under Rule A10.2.5 can be expressed as the following formula:

402

PRU VER17.290725

Stock of HQLA = Level 1