 framework.

Lines of credit

4.

Lines of credit, liquidity facilities and other contingent funding facilities that an Authorised Person holds at other institutions for its own purposes should be assumed to be able to be drawn and so such facilities should receive a zero % inflow rate.

Inflows by Counterparty

5.

All inflows should be taken only at the latest possible date, based on the contractual rights available to Counterparties. Inflows from loans that have no specific maturity should not be included, with the exception of minimum payments of principal, fee or interest associated with an open maturity loan.

6.

Operational Deposits: a zero % inflow rate should apply to Deposits held at other Financial Institutions for operational purposes.

416

PRU VER17.290725

Other cash inflows

7.

Other contractual cash inflows: other contractual cash inflows should be included under this category. Cash inflows related to non-financial revenues should not be taken into account in the calculation of the net cash outflows for the purposes of the LCR. These items should receive an inflow rate of 100%.

417

PRU VER17.290725

A10.3

The Liquidity Mismatch Approach

Including inflows (assets) and outflows (liabilities) in the timebands

A10.3.1

(1)

Outflows (liabilities) must be included in the sight-eight day time band according to their earliest contractual maturity.

(2)

Contingent liabilities may be excluded from the sight-eight day time band only if there is a high likelihood that the conditions necessary to trigger them will not be fulfilled.

(3)

Inflows (assets) must be included in the sight-eight day time band according to their latest contractual maturity, except that the following assets must be included regardless of their contractual maturity:

(a)

undrawn committed standby facilities provided by other banks; and

(b)

marketable assets, at a discount.

(4)

Assets which have been pledged as Collateral must be excluded from the sight-eight day time band.

Guidance

1.

In (1) the "earliest contractual maturity" relates to the first point in time at which the outflow might occur and over which the Authorised Person has no control to determine that point in time.

2.

In (3) the "latest contractual maturity" relates to the last point in time at which the inflow might occur and over which the Authorised Person has no control to determine that point in time.

Including marketable assets in the Maturity Ladder

A10.3.2

(1)

Assets which are readily marketable are included in the Maturity Ladder in the sight-eight days time band, generally at a discount to their recorded value calculated in accordance with (4).

(2)

An asset is regarded as readily marketable if:

(a)

prices are regularly quoted for the asset;

(b)

the asset is regularly traded;

(c)

the asset may readily be sold, including by repurchase agreement, either on an exchange, or in a deep and liquid market for payment in cash; and

(d)

settlement is according to a prescribed timetable rather than a negotiated timetable.

418

PRU VER17.290725

(3)

The Regulator may allow, on a case by case basis, an Authorised Person to include a longer term asset which is relatively easy to liquidate in the sight- eight days time band.

(4)

The discount factor to be applied to types of marketable assets must be determined by reference to the following table and Rules A10.2.6 to A10.2.9:

Marketable Asset

Discount factor

Level 1 HQLA

0%

Level 2A HQLA

15%

Level 2B HQLA – eligible asset –backed securities

25%

Level 2B HQLA – other HQLA

50%

Non-HQLA eligible trading assets that are Investment Grade

60%

(5)

The Regulator may vary the discount factors to reflect the conditions of a particular market or institution.

A10.4

The Net Stable Funding Ratio

Guidance

1.

Neither the NSFR, nor the LCR, should be seen by an Authorised Person as providing a complete picture of its funding profile or the stability of the funding available to it. An Authorised Person should always conduct further assessments of its funding needs