" and "sell" Securities ahead of issue. In reality the dealers are buying and selling promises to deliver the Securities when issued.

368

PRU VER17.290725

Calculating the net Underwriting position

A6.8.6

An Authorised Person must calculate a net Underwriting position from the date of initial commitment until the Underwriting process ends, as the initial gross commitment adjusted for:

(a)

Underwriting or sub-Underwriting commitments obtained from others since the time of initial commitment;

(b)

purchases or sales of the Securities since the time of initial commitment;

(c)

any allocation of Securities granted or received, arising from the commitment to underwrite the Securities, since the time of initial commitment; and

(d)

in the case of sales in the grey market, as defined in Rule A6.8.5, any sales of the Securities as at the time of initial commitment or since the time of initial commitment is subject, in both cases, to the following conditions:

(i)

any sales of the Securities as at the time of initial commitment must be confirmed in writing at the time of initial commitment;

(ii)

sales must be net of any purchases in the grey market; and

(iii)

any allocation of Securities granted or received, arising from the commitment to underwrite the Securities, since the time of initial commitment.

A6.8.7

If the allocation of Securities has not been fixed, an Authorised Person must calculate the gross amount of its commitment, for the purpose of Rule A6.8.6, by reference to the maximum amount it has committed to underwrite until the time the allocation is set. An Underwriting commitment may only be reduced under this Rule on the basis of a formal agreement.

Guidance

Allocations may arise, after date of initial commitment, from the agreement to underwrite. For example, obligations or rights may be allocated to or from the Issuer, the Underwriting Group or syndicate.

Time of initial commitment

A6.8.8

(1)

Subject to (2), the time of initial commitment is the earlier of:

(a)

in the case of Underwriting, the time the Authorised Person agrees with the Issuer of Securities to underwrite those Securities;

(b)

in the case of Underwriting falling under Rule A6.8.3(b), the time the Authorised Person agrees with the seller of Securities to underwrite those Securities;

369

PRU VER17.290725

(c)

in the case of sub-Underwriting, the time the Authorised Person agrees with the Person referred to Rule A6.8.3(c) to sub-underwrite those Securities;

(d)

in the case of Rule A6.8.3(d), the time the Group or syndicate in question (or a member of that Group or syndicate on behalf of the others) agrees with the Issuer or other Person to whom the commitment is given as referred to in Rule A6.8.3(d) to underwrite or sub-underwrite the Securities in question; or

(e)

if the firm at that time has a commitment (whether legally or binding or not), the time the price and allocation of the issue or offer are set.

(2)

If an Authorised Person has an irrevocable and unfettered right to withdraw from an Underwriting commitment, exercisable within a certain period, the commitment commences (and thus the time of initial commitment occurs) when that right expires.

Working day 0

A6.8.9

For the purposes of Section A6.8, working day 0 is the business day on which a firm that is Underwriting or sub-Underwriting becomes unconditionally committed to accepting a known quantity of Securities at a specified price.

Guidance

For debt issues and Securities which are issued in a similar manner, working day 0 is the later of the date on which the Securities are allotted and the date on which payment for them is due. For equity issues and Securities which are issued in a similar manner, working day 0 is the later of the date on which the offer becomes closed for subscriptions and the date on which the allocations are made public. For rights issues, working day 0 is the first day after the date on which the offer becomes closed to acceptances for subscription.

Calculating the reduced net Underwriting position

A6.8.10 To calculate the reduced net