 GEN 3.3.16.

10.

If the firm's IRAP is based on this Guidance, it may enable the Regulator more easily to review the IRAP as part of its SREP. However, the Regulator may decide to rely on an IRAP that is not consistent with the elements of this Guidance, owing reasons and/or circumstances which necessitate an alternative approach.

to specific

Guidance on risks to be covered as part of the IRAP

11.

An Authorised Person should consider the following risks, where relevant, in its IRAP and all others that it believes to be material:

a.

Credit Risk, including Large Exposures and concentration risks;

b.

Market Risk;

430

PRU VER17.290725

c.

Liquidity Risk;

d.

for Islamic Financial Business involving PSIAs, displaced commercial risk;

e.

interest rate risk in the Non-Trading Book;

f.

Operational Risk;

g.

internal controls and systems; and

h.

reputational risk.

12.

This Guidance is merely an indicative list of risk types, which does not preclude an Authorised Person from assessing other risks that it considers significant (for example, securitisation risks and residual risks). Likewise, certain categories of risks might not be relevant to all Authorised Persons completing the IRAP. In this case, the IRAP should clearly indicate why the risk is considered minimal or not relevant. The IRAP should also consider all risks arising from any non-regulated activities of the Authorised Person, if they are seen as material to the risk profile of the firm.

A11.2

ICAAP

Guidance

Application

1.

This Guidance in Section 10.4 (that is, a firm in Category 1, 2, 3A or 5) in regard to an Internal Risk Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (referred to in this Guidance as an ICAAP).

is relevant to an Authorised Person as described

Purpose and process of the ICAAP

2.

The ICAAP is an internal process of an Authorised Person which enables it to determine and maintain the amount and quality of capital that is adequate in relation to the Authorised Person's risk profile as assessed in the IRAP. Authorised Persons are encouraged to maintain capital over and above the regulatory minimum capital. The ICAAP, in conjunction with the IRAP, should be embedded in the Authorised Person's business and organisational processes and be informed by the business plan of the Authorised Person, as required by GEN 3.3.16.

3.

When assessing its capital needs, an Authorised Person should consider a three- to five-year time horizon, taking into account its business model, the impact of economic cycles, and sensitivity to other external risks and factors. For larger or more complex institutions, this may mean developing an appropriate stress testing and scenario testing framework (see guidance under App3 in relation to the design of effective stress testing frameworks).

431

PRU VER17.290725

4.

5.

6.

The results of such stress and scenario testing needs to be communicated to the Regulator as part of the ICAAP submission.

The Regulator does not prescribe any specific approach for the ICAAP and, consequently, an Authorised Person can choose to implement an ICAAP which is proportionate to the nature, size and complexity of the business activities.

In completing an ICAAP, an Authorised Person should:

a.

estimate the amount of capital required to absorb potential losses, if any, for the significant risks identified in the IRAP (particularly risks which lead to financial losses);

b.

perform reasonable and proportionate sensitivity tests to analyse the impact of variation in the risk parameters of significant risks identified in the IRAP on the profitability and the capital position of the Authorised Person;

c.

estimate, using the range and distribution of possible losses estimated from historical data, the level of capital required reasonably to cover likely losses;

d.

estimate the Capital Resources required to address potential variation in the Authorised Person's Capital Requirement arising from planned growth in business levels or any significant deviation in growth from plans; and

e.

document the ranges of capital required for each of the factors identified above and enable the Governing Body and the senior management to form an overall view on the amount and quality of capital which that Authorised Person should hold.

The Regulator does not require an