 periodically.

Qualitative standards

9.

In addition to the standards outlined under 7 and 8:

a.

no particular type of model is prescribed. So long as each model used captures all the material risks run by the Authorised Person, the Authorised Person will be free to use models based, for example, on variance-covariance matrices, historical simulations, or Monte Carlo simulations;

b.

an Authorised Person will have discretion to recognise empirical correlations within broad risk categories, for example, interest rates, exchange rates, equity prices and commodity prices, including related Options volatilities in each risk factor category;

c.

an Authorised Person's models should accurately capture the unique risks associated with Options within each of the broad risk categories; and

d.

an Authorised Person should calculate, on a daily basis, its Market Risk Capital Requirement or any component for which an internal model is used, expressed as the higher of (a) its previous day's VaR number measured according to the parameters specified in this

377

PRU VER17.290725

Section and (b) an average of the daily VaR measures on each of the preceding 60 business days, multiplied by a multiplication factor.

10.

The Regulator will usually set a multiplication factor of 3 that must be used by the Authorised Person where all the qualitative and quantitative criteria are satisfied. This will be imposed as a condition on the approval and may be varied by the Regulator should circumstances require.

11.

In addition to the calculation of VaR, an Authorised Person using internal VaR models, an Authorised Person should at least on a weekly basis, calculate a 'Stressed VaR' of the current portfolio, in accordance with the requirements set out in Guidance note 7, with VaR model inputs calibrated to historical data from a continuous 12-month period of significant financial stress relevant to the Authorised Person's portfolio. The choice of such historical data should be subject to at least annual review by the Authorised Person, which should notify the outcome to the Regulator.

12.

An Authorised Person using an internal model should calculate Capital Requirement for the relevant risk categories, as the sum of points (a) and (b):

a.

the higher of:

i.

its previous day's VaR number calculated in accordance with Guidance note 7 of this guidance under A6.9.1; or

ii.

an average of the daily value-at-risk numbers calculated in accordance with Guidance note 7 of A6.9.1, on each of the preceding 60 business days the multiplication factor referred in Guidance note 8 of A6.9.1; plus

(VaRavg), multiplied by

b.

the higher of:

i.

its latest available stressed-value-at-risk number calculated in accordance with Guidance note 9 of A6.9.1 (sVaRt-1); or

ii.

an average of the stressed VaR numbers calculated in accordance with Guidance note 9 of A6.9.1 during the preceding 60 business days (sVaRavg), multiplied by the multiplication factor (ms) according to Guidance note 10.

Regulatory back-testing and multiplication factors

13.

The results of the Stressed VaR calculations referred to in Guidance note 11 of A6.9.1 should be scaled up by the multiplication factors given below.

14.

The multiplication factor referred to above is defined as the sum of 3 and an addend of between 0 and 1, where that addend should depend on the number of violations for the most recent 250 business days as evidenced by the

378

PRU VER17.290725

Authorised Person's back-testing of the VaR as set out in Guidance note 7 above.

Number of violations

addend

Fewer than 5

0.00

5

0.40

6

0.50

7

0.65

8

0.75

9

0.85

10 or more

1.00

15.

An Authorised Person should count daily violations on the basis of back-testing on hypothetical and actual changes in the portfolio's value. A violation for this purpose is defined as a one-day change in the portfolio's value that exceeds the related one-day VaR number generated by the Authorised Person's model. For the purpose of determining the addend the number of violations should be assessed