.

it captures event risk.

380

PRU VER17.290725

Exclusions from Specific Risk models

22.

An Authorised Person may choose to exclude from the calculation of its Specific Risk Capital Requirement using an internal model those positions for which it fulfils a Capital Requirement for Specific Risk in accordance with relevant Sections of Chapter 5.

23.

An Authorised Person may choose not to capture default and migration risks for debt instruments in its internal model where it is capturing those risks through internal models for incremental default and migration risk.

A6.9.2

Incremental risk charge (IRC) model

Guidance

1.

An Authorised Person that uses an internal model for calculating Capital Requirements for Specific Risk of interest rate risk Exposures should also have an internal incremental default and migration risk (incremental risk charge, or IRC) model in place to capture the default and migration risks of its Trading Book positions that are incremental to the risks captured by the VaR measure as specified in Guidance note 7 of A6.9.1. An Authorised Person should demonstrate that its internal model meets soundness standards comparable to the Internal Ratings Based (IRB) approach for Credit Risk under the assumption of a constant level of risk, and adjusted where appropriate to reflect the impact of liquidity, concentrations, hedging and optionality.

Scope of the internal IRC model

2.

The internal IRC model should cover all positions subject to a Capital Requirement for specific interest rate risk, including those subject to a 0% Specific Risk capital charge under Rule A6.2.13, but should not cover securitisation positions and nth-to-default Credit Derivatives.

3.

The Authorised Person may, subject to approval by the Regulator, choose to include consistently all listed equity positions and Derivatives positions based on listed equities. The permission will be granted only if such inclusion is consistent with how the Authorised Person internally measures and manages risk.

Parameters of the internal IRC model

4.

Authorised Persons should use the internal model to calculate a number which measures losses due to default and internal or external ratings migration at the 99.9 % confidence interval over a time horizon of one year. Authorised Persons should calculate this number at least weekly.

5.

Correlation assumptions should be supported by analysis of objective data in a conceptually sound framework. The internal model should appropriately

381

PRU VER17.290725

reflect Issuer concentrations. Concentrations that can arise within and across product classes under stressed conditions should also be reflected.

6.

The internal IRC model should reflect the impact of correlations between default and migration events. The impact of diversification between, on the one hand, default and migration events and, on the other hand, other risk factors should not be reflected.

7.

The internal model should be based on the assumption of a constant level of risk over the one-year time horizon, implying that given individual Trading Book positions or sets of positions that have experienced default or migration over their liquidity horizon are re-balanced at the end of their liquidity horizon to attain the initial level of risk. Alternatively, an Authorised Person may choose to consistently use a one-year constant position assumption.

8.

The liquidity horizons should be set according to the time required to sell the position or to hedge all material relevant price risks in a stressed market, having particular regard to the size of the position. Liquidity horizons should reflect actual practice and experience during periods of both systematic and idiosyncratic stresses. The liquidity horizon should be measured under conservative assumptions and should be sufficiently long that the act of selling or hedging, in itself, would not materially affect the price at which the selling or hedging would be executed.

9.

The determination of the appropriate liquidity horizon for a position or set of positions is subject to a floor of three months.

10.

The determination of the appropriate liquidity horizon for a position or set of positions should take into account an Authorised Person's internal policies relating to valuation adjustments and the management of stale positions. When an Authorised Person determines liquidity horizons for sets of positions rather than for individual positions, the criteria for defining sets of positions should be defined in a way that meaningfully reflects differences in liquidity. The liquidity horizons should be greater for positions that are concentrated, reflecting the longer period needed to liquidate such positions. The liquidity horizon for a securitisation warehouse should reflect the time to build, sell and