 the purposes of these Regulations) that falls within a description of activity specified as a controlled activity in rules made by the Board;

(d)

“Department of Health” means the Department of Health Abu Dhabi, as established by Abu Dhabi Law No. 10 of 2018;

(e)

“Health Facility” means any government person or private person based in the Abu Dhabi Global Market that is licensed in accordance with the Commercial Licensing Regulations 2015 to practice any activity in the Health Sector;

(f)

“Health Professional” means a natural person who is licensed by the Department of Health to practice any activity in the Health Sector in the Abu Dhabi Global Market;

(g)

“Health Sector” means treatment, prevention, convalescence, medical products, health insurance, public health, preventive health, health education and information, outpatient treatment, health and pharmaceutical researches by companies, hospitals, clinics, treatment centers, research centers of all specialties, pharmacies, warehouses, marketing offices, pharmaceutical consulting offices, pharmaceutical laboratories, factories for medical products, whether they are public or private, and other persons operating in the public or private health area, whether they are owned or managed by a natural or legal person in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, including persons which provide health services or supply tools and products to the different health areas;

the areas of health,

(h)

“Health Sector Providers” means a Health Facility and/or a Health Professional;

(i)

“Registrar” has the meaning given in the Interpretation Regulations 2015.

(j)

“Ministry of Health” means the Ministry of Health and Prevention in the United Arab Emirates.

Short title, extent and commencement

These Regulations may be cited as the Healthcare Regulations 2022.

These Regulations shall apply in the Abu Dhabi Global Market.

During the period commencing on the effective date of Cabinet of Ministers’ Resolution No. (41) of 2023 and ending on 31 December 2024, these Regulations shall not apply to any natural or legal person licensed by the Department of Health to carry out economic, commercial or professional activity in the Health Sector from a permanent establishment located within the geographical area of Al Reem Island, provided such person does not carry out an activity falling outside the scope of such licence and provided further that nothing herein shall prevent such person from applying for a licence under the Regulations. Upon the grant of the licence to such person under the Regulations, he shall cease to be exempt.

4

(4)

These Regulations shall come into force on the date of their publication. The Board may by rules make any transitional, transitory, consequential, saving, incidental or supplementary provision in relation to the commencement of these Regulations as the Board thinks fit.

5