 Persons in other jurisdictions to Offer to issue or sell the Units of an Exempt Fund, then it must take reasonable steps to ensure that those Authorised Persons or other Persons do not Offer to issue or sell the Units in a manner that would result in a breach of the criteria in Rule 3.3.3.

(4) As soon as a Fund Manager becomes aware that an Exempt Fund it manages no longer meets or is likely to not meet the criteria in Rule 3.3.3, it must immediately:

(a)

commence proceedings relating to the winding up of the Fund, or alternatively, take necessary steps to have the Fund registered as a Public Fund; and

(b)

notify the Regulator of that fact and the measures it has taken and proposes to take under (a).

(5) A Fund Manager of an Exempt Fund which is subject to the valuation requirement in Rule 12.4.1(b) of these Rules must appoint either: (i) a Fund Administrator or, (ii) a Person regulated by a Financial Services Regulator, as the Person undertaking the valuation of that Fund, in each case with the assistance of independent third party valuation experts, where required.

15.

REQUIREMENTS SPECIFIC TO QUALIFIED INVESTOR FUNDS

15.1

Meeting the conditions to be classified as a Qualified Investor Fund

Guidance

1.

Rule 3.3.2 provides that a Domestic Fund may be constituted as a Qualified Investor Fund only if it satisfies all of the conditions in Rule 3.3.4. Rule 3.3.4 provides that a Qualified Investor Fund must:

(a) have its Units offered to persons only by way of Private Placement;

76

FUNDS VER10.100625

(b) have only Unitholders each of whom meets the criteria to be classified as

a Professional Client; and

(c) have an initial subscription to be paid by a person to become a Unitholder

in the Fund of at least US$500,000.

2.

The definition of "Professional Client" is set out in Rule 1.2.1.

3.

Generally a firm will not be able to undertake mass marketing activities relating to Units of Qualified Investor Funds because such marketing would not meet the Private Placement requirement, and would be likely to amount to a public offer, which can only be made in respect of a Unit of a Public Fund.

15.1.2

(1) A Fund may be classified as a Qualified Investor Fund only if it fulfils the conditions in Rule 3.3.4 at the inception of the Fund and on an on-going basis.

(2) A Fund Manager must ensure that a Fund which is or is intended to be established and operated as a Qualified Investor Fund meets the conditions in Rule 3.3.4 both at the inception of the Fund and on an on-going basis.

(3) For the purposes of (2), where a Fund Manager makes arrangements with other Authorised Persons or Persons in other jurisdictions to Offer to issue or sell the Units of a Qualified Investor Fund, then it must take reasonable steps to ensure that those Authorised Persons or other Persons do not Offer to issue or sell the Units in a manner that would result in a breach of the conditions in Rule 3.3.4.

(4) As soon as a Fund Manager becomes aware that a Qualified Investor Fund it manages no longer meets or is likely not to meet the conditions in Rule 3.3.4, it must immediately:

(a)

commence proceedings relating to the winding up of the Fund, or alternatively, take necessary steps to have the Fund reconstituted as an Exempt Fund or registered as a Public Fund; and

(b)

notify the Regulator of that fact and the measures it has taken and proposes to take under (a).

15.2

Responsibilities of a Fund Manager of a Qualified Investor Fund

Guidance

1.

While a Fund Manager of a Qualified Investor Fund is exempt from many of the detailed requirements applicable to Public Funds and Exempt Funds, it will continue to be subject to most of the main obligations of Fund Managers. Therefore, such a Fund Manager should be mindful that when managing a Qualified Investor Fund, it is subject to some of the overarching obligations applicable to Fund Managers, particularly:

(a)

Rule 12.2 (Fund Manager and Trustee general duties and functions);

(b)

GEN