;

(b)

fundamental changes requiring prior approval of the Unitholders;

(c)

significant changes requiring pre-event notification to the Unitholders; and

(d)

notifiable changes, that is, a change other than one in (a) or (b) which requires post notification to the Unitholders.

12.10

Maintenance of records

12.10.1

(1) A Fund Manager must make and retain accounting and other records that are necessary:

(a)

to enable it to comply with Rules; and

(b)

to demonstrate at any time that such compliance has been achieved.

(2) A Fund Manager must make and retain for a period of six years a record of the Units held, acquired or disposed of, by it, including the classes of such Units, and the balance of any acquisitions and disposals.

(3) A Fund Manager must make the record available for inspection by the Regulator in ADGM and, if applicable, the Trustee or appointed Eligible Custodian, free of charge at all times during ordinary office hours and must supply a copy of the record or any part of it.

(4) Where a Fund Manager makes a dilution levy or dilution adjustment in accordance with Rule 12.4.1(5), it must make and retain for a period of six years from the date such action is taken a record of:

(a)

how it calculates and estimates dilution; and

(b)

its policy and method for determining the amount of any dilution levy or dilution adjustment.

12.11

Capital

12.11.1

(1) In the case of a Public Fund, if at any time after the size of the Fund's capital has reached the minimum size provided in its Constitution and/or Prospectus the size of that capital falls below that minimum size, the Fund Manager must immediately notify the Regulator of that fact.

(2) The notification under (1) must also:

50

FUNDS VER10.100625

(a)

state the Fund Manager's grounds for believing that the Fund is still commercially viable and the purpose of the Fund can still be accomplished; and

(b)

be accompanied by the relevant Unitholders' resolution supporting the Fund Manager's views in (1); or

(c)

state what steps the Fund Manager has taken or will take to wind up the Fund.

12.12

Delegation and outsourcing

Guidance

1.

This Chapter sets out the general requirements that apply to a Fund Manager, or where appointed the Trustee, of a Domestic Fund where it delegates or outsources any Regulated Activity or function to another Person. Such a Person is defined as a "Service Provider" for the purposes of these Rules.

2.

A Fund Manager or, where appointed, the Trustee of a Fund respectively may, subject to any restriction in the Constitution of the Domestic Fund and any provisions of these Rules, delegate any of its Regulated Activities or outsource any of its functions to a Service Provider, which may be located in or outside ADGM.

3.

Fund Managers of Domestic Funds structured other than as an Investment Trust are required under Rule 12.3.2(2) to delegate the Regulated Activity of Providing Custody to an Eligible Custodian. This obligation does not apply where there are adequate alternative arrangements. This Chapter sets out the circumstances in which the obligation under Rule 12.3.2(2) does not apply.

4.

A Fund Manager or Trustee 'outsources' a function relating to the operation of the Fund where the function, whether or not relating to a Regulated Activity, is contracted to be performed by a Service Provider. Where the extent of any such function or functions is such that they effectively constitute the carrying on of a Regulated Activity, the Regulator will consider this to comprise a 'delegation' of the Regulated Activity.

5.

These Rules permit the use of a Service Provider do not relieve the Fund Manager or the Trustee from their obligations, including any restrictions on delegation or outsourcing arising from the Fund's Constitution or Prospectus.

6.

GEN Rules 3.3.31 and 3.3.32 also govern outsourcing of functions and activities by an Authorised Person. Those Rules are not disapplied by this Chapter.

Fund Manager

12.12.1

In accordance with the Delegation Agreement, the Fund Manager:

(a)

must (save as otherwise permitted by these Rules