 error reporting and, in particular, any event which undermines the ability of the Fund Administrator to fulfil its duties;

(e)

the requirement for an annual review (at a minimum) of the performance of the functions by the Fund Administrator; and

(f)

provisions relating to records and adequate access by the Foreign Fund Manager, the Fund's auditor or any other Persons providing control or risk management functions for the Fund, as required by the Foreign Fund Manager or applicable laws to that Fund.

Record keeping

17.1.6

A Fund Administrator must maintain records which are sufficient to show and explain transactions in relation to each of the specific activities and functions which are being provided to each Fund, in respect of Unitholders or potential Unitholders of the Fund as appropriate.

17.1.7

The records required under Rule 17.1.6 must be:

87

FUNDS VER10.100625

(a)

capable of demonstrating to the Governing Body of the relevant Fund that any accounts prepared comply with the applicable requirements in these Rules or any other applicable legislation;

(b)

retained by the Fund Administrator for at least 6 years from the date to which they relate;

(c)

at all reasonable times, open to inspection by the Regulator, Fund Manager, the Fund's Auditor and any Person providing oversight functions for the relevant Fund; and

(d)

if requested by the Regulator, capable of reproduction within a reasonable period not exceeding 3 days, in hard copy and in English.

PART 6: TRANSFER SCHEMES

18.

TRANSFER SCHEMES RELATING TO DOMESTIC FUNDS

Guidance

1.

Pursuant to Part 7 of FSMR, a Fund may be transferred in whole or in part to another body in accordance with that Part.

2.

The Regulator may make Rules for the purposes of that Part pursuant to the powers conferred thereunder.

18.1.1

This Chapter applies to a Fund Manager and, where appointed, the Trustee of a Domestic Fund and, if the Fund is an Umbrella Fund using the form of a Protected Cell Company or Incorporated Cell Company, to each Cell as though that Cell were a separate Fund.

18.1.2

Pursuant to Section 91 of FSMR, the Regulator prescribes the modification to Part 7 of those Regulations necessary for the purposes of transferring a Fund's property or liability to another Fund.

18.1.3

(1) Where, for the purpose of a transfer scheme, it is proposed that the property of a Fund should become the property of another Fund or the property of a Sub-Fund of an Umbrella Fund (other than one structured as Protected Cell Company or an Incorporated Cell Company), the proposal must not be implemented without the sanction of a Special Resolution of the Unitholders in the Fund, unless (3) applies.

(2) Where, for the purposes of a transfer scheme, it is proposed that Fund Property attributable to a Sub-Fund of an Umbrella Fund should become the property of another Fund, the proposal must not be implemented without the sanction:

(a)

a Special Resolution of the Unitholders in the Sub-Fund of that Umbrella Fund; and

(b)

unless implementation of the transfer scheme is not likely to result in any material prejudice to the interests of the Unitholders in any other Sub-Fund of that Umbrella Fund, a Special Resolution of the Unitholders of other Sub- Funds of that that Umbrella Fund.

88

FUNDS VER10.100625

(3) If it is proposed that a Fund, or a Sub-Fund of an Umbrella Fund, (other than an Umbrella Fund structured as a Protected Cell Company or an Incorporated Cell Company) should receive property, other than its first property pursuant to a transfer scheme, or an arrangement equivalent to a scheme of arrangement entered into with some other Fund or Sub-Fund, or a Body Corporate, the proposal must not be implemented without the sanction of a Special Resolution of the Unitholders or the class or classes thereof in the relevant Fund or Sub-Fund, unless (4) applies.

(4) In (3), if the Fund Manager and, if appointed, the Trustee agree that the receipt of the property concerned for the account of the Fund:

(a)

is not likely to result in any material prejudice to the interest of the Unitholders of the Fund;

(b)

