 steps to ensure that it implements and maintains systems and controls to monitor the Service Provider.

Guidance

This Rule supplements the requirements under GEN Section 3.3.

54

FUNDS VER10.100625

Review

12.12.8

(1) A Fund Manager or the Trustee of a Public Fund, which has delegated any Regulated Activities or outsourced any functions, must conduct a review of the carrying out of the relevant activities or functions by the Service Provider and present the findings of the review to either:

(a)

the Fund's Governing Body every 6 months at the Fund's board meeting; or

(b)

in the case of a Fund structured as an Investment Trust, to the Trustee.

(2) Notwithstanding the requirement in (1), if a Fund Manager or the Trustee discovers non-compliance in regard to a term of the Delegation Agreement or Outsourcing Agreement, the Fund Manager or the Trustee, as the case may be, must take immediate action to remedy the matter and also notify the Regulator and, as applicable, its Governing Body or the Trustee forthwith.

(3) For the purposes of (2), the Fund Manager or the Trustee must notify the Regulator only where the non-compliance is material.

12.13

Fees, charges and other levies

Permissible fees, charges, levies and expenses

12.13.1

(1) A Fund Manager must not make any charge or levy in connection with the issue or sale of Units except in accordance with the Constitution and Prospectus.

(2) A preliminary or redemption charge must not be made by the Fund Manager unless:

(a)

it is permitted by the Constitution; and

(b)

it is expressed either as a fixed amount or calculated as a percentage of the price of a Unit.

(3) The preliminary charge must not exceed the amount or rate stated in the current Prospectus in respect of any class of Units.

12.13.2

(1) No payment may be made, or benefit given, to the Fund Manager out of the Fund Property, whether by way of remuneration for its services, reimbursement of expenses or otherwise, unless it is permitted by the Constitution and the Prospectus specifies how it will be calculated, accrued, when it will be paid and the maximum and current rates or amount of such remuneration.

(2) The Fund Manager must give not less than 90 days written notice of any increase proposed within the parameters of the Constitution and Prospectus.

12.13.3 A Fund Manager must not introduce a new category of remuneration for its services or make any increase in the current rate or amount of its remuneration payable out of the Fund Property unless it has given not less than 90 days written notice of that introduction or increase and of the date of its commencement to the Unitholders and the Unitholders approve such new category by Special Resolution.

55

FUNDS VER10.100625

Reimbursement of remuneration and expenses

12.13.4

(1) A Fund Manager must take reasonable steps to ensure that no payment is made to a Trustee, an Eligible Custodian or Persons providing oversight function out of the Fund Property, whether by way of reimbursement of expenses or otherwise, except:

(a)

remuneration in respect of services provided and in respect of which the following have been stated in the Prospectus:

(i)

the actual amount or rate of the remuneration together with the current maximum or how these are determined;

(ii)

the periods in respect of which the remuneration is to be paid;

(iii)

how the remuneration is to accrue; and

(iv)

when the remuneration is to be paid; and

(b)

reimbursement of expenses properly incurred by the Trustee, Eligible Custodian or Persons providing oversight functions for performing such functions conferred on the Trustee, Eligible Custodian or other Persons by these Rules.

(2) Payment under (1)(a) must not be made unless permitted by the Constitution.

Promotional payments, performance fees and set up costs

12.13.5 No promotional payment, performance fee or benefit may be made out of or given at the expense of the Fund Property to the Fund Manager unless it is permitted by the Constitution and specified in the Prospectus.

12.13.6 Costs of the registration, exemption