ee shall make the register available to the Fund Manager during office hours and allow the Fund Manager to make copies of the register for its purposes.

12.8

Meetings of Unitholders

12.8.1

In the case of a Public Fund, the Fund Manager must hold at least two meetings of the Governing Body of every Public Fund which has such a body every 12 month period from the date of registration of that Fund with the Regulator.

12.8.2

(1) The Fund Manager and if appointed the Trustee of a Public Fund:

(a)

may convene a general meeting of Unitholders at any time; and

(b)

must convene a general meeting of Unitholders of the Fund immediately upon a request being made by Unitholders in accordance with (2).

(2) The Unitholders of the Fund may request the Fund Manager, or if appointed the Trustee, to convene a general meeting of Unitholders at any time. Such a request must:

(a)

state the purpose of the meeting;

(b)

be dated;

(c)

be signed by a number of registered Unitholders representing at least one- tenth in value of all of the Units then in issue; and

(d)

be deposited at the place of business of the Fund Manager, or if applicable, the Trustee or Appointed Fund Administrator of the Fund.

48

FUNDS VER10.100625

(3) If the Fund is an Investment Trust, the primary responsibility to convene meetings in accordance with this Rule rests with the Fund Manager, failing which, with the Trustee.

(4) A meeting of Unitholders of a Fund duly convened and held in accordance with these Rules and the Constitution of the Fund is competent by Special Resolution to require, authorise or approve any act, matter or document in respect of which any such resolution is required. Such a resolution has no other powers or effect.

(5) Where no Special Resolution is specifically required or permitted by these Rules, any resolution of Unitholders required under these Rules or FSMR is passed by a simple majority of the votes validly cast for and against the resolution at a general meeting of Unitholders.

Guidance

References in these Rules to the "value" of a Unit in issue means the net asset value of each such Unit in issue.

12.8.3

The Fund Manager of any Fund other than a Public Fund must hold meetings of Unitholders in accordance with the requirements included in the Fund's Constitution and its most recent Prospectus.

Unitholder meetings procedures

12.8.4

(1) A Fund Manager must set out, if it is the manager of a Public Fund, in its procedures manual the procedures for holding Unitholder meetings and the conduct of such meetings including but not limited to, the following matters:

(a)

voting rights;

(b)

right to demand a poll;

(c)

proxies;

(d)

minutes; and

(e)

variation of class rights and class meetings.

(2) The meeting procedures under (1) in relation to Public Funds must comply with the provisions in APP 2. Any provisions in such procedures that are inconsistent with the procedures in APP 2 are void.

(3) In the case of a Public Fund, the Fund Manager must distribute the meetings procedures manual to all Unitholders.

(4) If the Fund is structured as an Investment Trust, the Fund Manager must obtain the prior approval of the Trustee in respect of its meetings procedures.

49

FUNDS VER10.100625

12.9

Approvals and notifications

12.9.1

A Fund Manager of a Public Fund must comply with the provisions in APP 3 in regard to:

(a)

Regulator notification of any proposed material alteration to the Fund's Constitution or Prospectus;

(b)

fundamental changes requiring prior approval of the Unitholders;

(c)

significant changes requiring pre-event notification to the Unitholders; and

(d)

notifiable changes, that is, a change other than one in (a) or (b) which requires post notification to the Unitholders.

12.10

Maintenance of records

12.10.1

(1) A Fund Manager must make and retain accounting and other records that are necessary:

(a)

to enable it to comply with Rules; and

(b)

to demonstrate at any time that such compliance has been achieved