 valuation report prepared by the Person appointed:

a.

includes all material details in relation to the basis of valuation and the assumptions used;

b. describes and explains the valuation methodologies adopted;

c. outlines the overall structure and condition of the relevant market including an analysis of the supply and demand situation, the market trend and investment activities;

d.

includes a brief description of the property, its location, the nature of the its existing use, any interest the Fund holds encumbrances concerning or affecting the property, the lease expiry profile if any, the capital value in existing state at the date the valuation was performed, the net monthly income from the property, and any other matters which may affect the property or its value;

in the property,

e. confirms the professional status of the valuer and that the valuation

report is prepared on a fair and unbiased basis; and

f.

explains the rationale for choosing the particular valuation method if more than one method is available.

41.

A Fund Manager must ensure that whenever a valuation report is prepared for the Fund, the date of the valuation report must be:

a.

the date the Fund is valued, if such report is prepared for the purpose of calculating the net asset value of the Fund; or

b. a date which is not more than three months before the date on which:

(i) an offering document is issued;

(ii) a circular is issued, if the circular relates to a transaction that requires Unitholders' approval; or

(iii) a sale and purchase agreement or other agreement to transfer legal title is signed, if the transaction does not require Unitholder approval.

Retirement of valuer

42.

A Fund Manager must ensure that where a Person appointed pursuant to paragraph 36 has conducted valuations of the Real Property for the Fund for five consecutive years, that Person is retired.

113

FUNDS VER10.100625

43.

A Person retired under paragraph 42. must not be re-appointed by the Fund Manager to perform Fund valuation unless a period of two years has elapsed from the date of the retirement of that Person.

44.

The Fund Manager, and if appointed the Trustee on instructions of the Fund Manager, may at any time remove the Person appointed to provide the valuation services by notice in writing in any of the following events:

a.

the Person enters into liquidation, becomes bankrupt or has a receiver appointed over its assets; or

b.

the Fund Manager, in consultation with the Trustee, determines on reasonable grounds that it is necessary to remove that Person in the interests of the Fund and the Unitholders; or

c. an ordinary resolution is passed by the Unitholders to dismiss that Person.

45.

Upon the retirement or dismissal of the Person appointed to provide the valuation services to the Fund, the Fund Manager must appoint another Person to provide valuation services to the Fund where the Fund Manager and where appointed the Trustee are satisfied that the Person meets the requirements specified in paragraph 36.

114

FUNDS VER10.100625

APP 5

CONSTITUTION OF A DOMESTIC FUND

A5.1

Contents of Constitution

A5.1.1

(1)

The Constitution of a Domestic Fund must contain all the information prescribed in the following table except where it is an Exempt Fund, in which case, it must contain the information specified in A, C, F, G, H, K and M.

(2)

The requirements in the following table do not apply in respect of the Constitution of a Qualified Investor Fund.

A

General Information

The following information:

(1)

The name of the Fund.

(2)

The Fund Manager's and, if the Fund is structured as an Investment Trust, the Trustee's name and the principal place of business in ADGM as recorded by the Registrar of Companies.

(3)

That the Fund is a Domestic Fund, the Constitution of which is governed by the laws of ADGM.

(4)

That the Fund is a Public Fund, or Exempt Fund, as the case may be.

(5)

The legal form of the Fund and whether it is open- or closed-ended.

(6)

If the Fund is managed by a Foreign Fund Manager, that fact and the fact that an Appointed Fund Administrator or Eligible Custodian of the Fund has been or (as the case may be) will be appointed by the Foreign Fund Manager, and their respective roles.

