 ready and immediate access.

2.

These disclosures should be provided at the inception of the fund or (as the case may be) before the relevant investor makes an investment in the Fund. A Fund Manager should also ensure that such disclosures are provided to its investors not only on a periodic basis, but as and when material changes occur.

3.

Should such a requirement conflict with any requirements that apply to a Foreign Fund in the jurisdiction in which the Fund is domiciled, the Authorised Fund Manager may apply to the Regulator for appropriate waivers or modifications of the Regulator requirements.

Recommendation-Based Offers of Units of Foreign Funds

10.1.6

An Authorised Person may not recommend a Unit of a Foreign Fund to a particular Retail Client unless it has made an assessment of the suitability of the investment for that Retail Client in accordance with COBS Rule 3.4.2 and has a reasonable basis for recommending the investment in the Fund as suitable for the particular Retail Client.

Record keeping

10.1.7 Without limiting any requirements under COBS, an Authorised Fund Manager or Authorised Person must keep records that are sufficient to demonstrate due

30

FUNDS VER10.100625

compliance with the requirements in the Rules in this Chapter. Such records must be maintained for a minimum of six years.

PART 5: CORE RULES RELATING TO ESTABLISHMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF DOMESTIC

FUNDS

11.

CONSTITUTION

11.1

Application

11.1.1

(1) This Chapter applies to a Fund Manager and, where appointed, a Trustee of a Domestic Fund.

(2) Only this Rule and Rules 11.1.2(1)(a), 11.1.2(1)(c), 11.1.2(1)(d), 11.1.2(1)(e), 11.1.3(1)(b), 11.1.3(2) and 11.1.5 apply to a Fund Manager and, where appointed, a Trustee, of a Qualified Investor Fund.

General requirements

11.1.2

(1) Every Domestic Fund shall have:

(a)

a written Constitution which complies with these Rules;

(b)

a purpose that is reasonably capable of being successfully carried into effect;

(c)

an auditor appointed in respect of the Fund;

(d)

if it is an Investment Trust, a Trustee appointed to the Fund in accordance with the requirements in FSMR and these Rules;

(e)

if it is not an Investment Trust, an eligible person with whom the legal title to the Fund Property is registered unless otherwise provided in these Rules; and

(f)

in the case of an open-ended Fund, single pricing for the purposes of redemption and re-issue or sale of Units in the Fund where the price of a Unit is calculated by reference to the net asset value of the property of the Fund to which the Units relate and in accordance with these Rules.

(2) Any provision in the Constitution of a Domestic Fund is void in so far as it would have the effect of exempting the Fund, the Fund Manager and, if appointed, the Trustee from liability for any failure to discharge their obligations under these Rules, FSMR, or any rules made for the purposes of these laws.

Guidance

For the purposes of Rule 11.1.2(1)(f), a Fund should be regarded as being open-ended in circumstances where a reasonable investor would, if he were to invest in the Fund: (a) expect that he would, within a reasonable period of time, be able to realise such investment; and (b) be satisfied that his investment would be realised on a basis calculated wholly or mainly by reference to the value of the property of the Fund.

31

FUNDS VER10.100625

Instrument constituting the Fund

11.1.3

(1) The Fund Manager and, in the case of an Investment Trust, both the Fund Manager and the Trustee of a Fund, must ensure that the written Constitution which every Fund is required to have pursuant to Rule 11.1.2:

(a)

contains the statements and disclosures prescribed in the table in APP 5 as are applicable to the Fund; and

(b)

does not contain any provision that is prejudicial to the interests of the Unitholders generally or to the Unitholders of any class of