 a corporation or otherwise;

i.

an adverse finding or an agreed settlement in a civil action by any court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction resulting in an award against an individual in excess of $10,000 or awards that total more than $10,000;

j.

an order of disqualification as a director or to act in the management or conduct of the affairs of a corporation by a court of competent jurisdiction or regulator;

k.

whether the individual has been a director, or concerned in the management of, a Body Corporate which has gone into liquidation or

119

FUNDS VER10.100625

administration whilst that individual was connected with that Body Corporate or within one year of such a connection;

l.

whether the individual has been a partner or concerned in the management of a partnership where one or more partners have been made bankrupt whilst that individual was connected with that partnership or within a year of such a connection;

m.

whether the individual has been the subject of a complaint in connection with a financial service, which relates to his integrity, competence or financial soundness;

n.

whether the individual has been censured, disciplined, publicly criticised by or the subject of a court order at the instigation of any Regulator, or any officially appointed inquiry, or Financial Services Regulator; or

o.

whether the individual has been candid and truthful in all his dealings with the Fund Manager.

Financial soundness

3.

In determining the financial soundness of the individual, the Fund Manager may have regard to any factors including, but not limited to, the following:

a.

whether the individual is able to meet his debts as they fall due; or

b.

whether the individual has been adjudged bankrupt, been the subject of a receiving or administration order, had a bankruptcy petition served on him, had his estate sequestrated, entered into a deed of arrangement (or any contract in relation to a failure to pay due debts) in favour of his creditors or, within the last 10 years, has failed to satisfy a judgement debt under a court order, whether in the UAE or elsewhere.

120

FUNDS VER10.100625

APP 7

PUBLIC FUND PROSPECTUS DISCLOSURE

A7.1

Mandatory contents of a Prospectus of a Public Fund

A7.1.1

The Prospectus for a Public Fund must contain the information prescribed in the following table.

1

Document Status

A statement that this document is the Prospectus of the Public Fund valid as at a particular date which shall be the date of the Prospectus.

2

Description of the Fund

Information detailing:

(a)

the name of the Fund and that the Fund is a Public Fund established in ADGM;

(b)

the effective date of commencement of the Fund's operations and, if the duration of the Fund is not unlimited, when it will or may terminate;

(c)

the legal structure of the Fund and whether it is a Listed Fund or intends to be Listed;

(d)

the basis upon which Persons are eligible to participate in the Fund and, where applicable, the minimum initial investment;

(e)

that the Unitholders are not liable for the debts of the Fund, unless the applicable legislation prescribes otherwise and, if so, a statement specifying those circumstances;

(f)

the base currency of the Fund and where relevant, the maximum and minimum sizes of the Fund's capital;

(g)

the circumstances in which the Fund may be wound up under FSMR and these Rules and a summary of the procedure for, and the rights of Unitholders under, such a winding up;

(h)

if the Fund is an Umbrella Fund, whether it is constituted as a Protected Cell Company or an Incorporated Cell Company; and

(i)

that no Units will be issued on the basis of the Prospectus after the expiry date specified in the Prospectus.

3

Investment objectives and policy

(1)

Sufficient Unitholder to ascertain:

information to enable a Unitholder or prospective

121

FUNDS VER10.100625

4

(a)

the investment objectives of the Fund and its investment policy for achieving those investment objectives, including:

(i)

the general nature of the portfolio and any intended specialisation;

(ii)

the policy for the spreading of risk in the Fund Property including an explanation of any potential risks identified;

(iii)

the policy in relation to the exercise of borrowing powers; and

(iv)

the policy speculations