 the Regulator with:

(a)

information on the investment restrictions, objectives and policy of the Fund relevant to the requirements of the ADGM Green Fund Rules or ADGM Climate Transition Funds Rules;

(b)

a statement by the Fund Manager to the effect that:

(i)

the investment objectives of the Fund as stated in its Constitution and/or the Prospectus meet with the Green Fund Investment Requirement or Climate Transition Fund Investment Requirement prescribed under these Rules; and

(ii)

the Fund will comply with the operational requirements of the ADGM Green Fund Rules or ADGM Climate Transition Fund Rules,

in addition to all other information to be provided in accordance with these Rules.

20.4.6

Upon granting a Fund an ADGM Green Fund Designation or ADGM Climate Transition Fund Designation as applicable where applied for under Rule 20.4.5, the Regulator will publish the name and details of the Fund on the list of ADGM Green Funds and ADGM Climate Transition Funds maintained by the Regulator on its website.

Guidance

1. Once the Regulator has made a decision in relation to an application, it will without undue delay inform the Fund Manager in writing of its decision.

2. The Regulator may refuse to designate a Fund as an ADGM Green Fund or an ADGM Climate Transition Fund if it is not satisfied that the requirements of an ADGM Green Fund Rules or ADGM Climate Transition Fund Rules have been met or will be met on an ongoing basis.

Notification

20.4.7

The Fund Manager or, if appointed, the Trustee, of an ADGM Green Fund or an ADGM Climate Transition Fund must advise the Regulator immediately in writing if it becomes aware or has reasonable grounds to believe that a material breach of the

98

FUNDS VER10.100625

ADGM Green Fund Rules or the ADGM Climate Transition Funds Rules by an ADGM Green Fund or an ADGM Climate Transition Fund has or may have occurred or may be about to occur.

Cancellation of ADGM Green Fund Designation or ADGM Climate Transition Fund Designation

20.4.8

The Regulator may cancel an ADGM Green Fund Designation or an ADGM Climate Transition Fund Designation by delivery of written notification to the Fund Manager:

(a)

on its own initiative if the Regulator has reasonable grounds to believe that:

(i)

the Fund is not in compliance with or is unlikely to be in compliance with the ADGM Green Fund Rules or the ADGM Climate Transition Fund Rules;

(ii)

the Fund Manager or the Fund has contravened FSMR or the Rules; or

(iii)

it is desirable to do so in order to further one or more of the Regulator’s objectives; or

(b)

on receiving an application from a Fund Manager where the application for cancellation has been made with the prior notification of Unitholders.

20.4.9 Where the Regulator has cancelled or proposes to cancel an ADGM Green Fund Designation or an ADGM Climate Transition Fund Designation under Rule 20.4.8, it may, by written notice, direct the Fund Manager or, if appointed, the Trustee, to take such steps as the Regulator considers necessary or desirable to protect the interests of Unitholders in the Fund.

Guidance

The effect of a cancellation of an ADGM Green Fund Designation or an ADGM Climate Transition Fund Designation under this Rule is that:

a. the Fund is no longer an ADGM Green Fund or an ADGM Climate Transition Fund for the purposes of these Rules. Neither the Fund Manager nor any other Person is permitted to make a representation that the Fund meets the requirements of an ADGM Green Fund or ADGM Climate Transition Fund nor make an Offer of a Unit in the Fund or otherwise market the Fund using the relevant designation; and

b. the Regulator will remove the Fund from the list of ADGM Green Funds and ADGM

Climate Transition Funds maintained on the Regulator’s website.

99

FUNDS VER10.100625

APP 1

DELEGATION AND OUTSOURCING

A1.1

Application

A1.1.1

(1)

This Appendix (APP 1) applies to a Fund Manager and, if appointed, the Trustee in relation to every:

(a)

Delegation Agreement; and

(b)

Outsourcing Agreement.

made or entered into pursuant to these Rules.

(2)

This Appendix does not