 be included in a Prospectus and the legal form and structure of the Fund such as being open-ended or closed ended or listed or not.

Clients to whom Offers of Units of Foreign Funds can be made

10.1.1

An Authorised Fund Manager or other Authorised Person must not, in or from ADGM, Offer a Unit of a Foreign Fund to a Retail Client unless the Units of the Foreign Fund

28

FUNDS VER10.100625

can be offered, under the home jurisdiction regulation applying to that Fund, to retail investors.

Prospectus disclosure relating to Foreign Funds

10.1.2 Where an Authorised Fund Manager or other Authorised Person Offers a Unit of a Foreign Fund to a Person in ADGM, it must make available to that Person at the time of the Offer a copy of a current Prospectus relating to the Fund which complies with the additional requirements in Rule 10.1.3 and Rule 10.1.4.

Guidance

A Prospectus includes, in the case of a Foreign Fund the Units of which are marketed in or from ADGM, any prospectus or other disclosure document prepared in accordance with the laws applicable to that Foreign Fund.

10.1.3

(1) The Prospectus of a Foreign Fund made available by an Authorised Fund Manager or other Authorised Person must be available in the English language.

(2) The Prospectus must contain in a prominent position, or have attached to it, a statement that clearly:

(a)

describes the foreign jurisdiction and the legislation in that jurisdiction that applies to the Fund;

(b)

states the name of the relevant Financial Services Regulator in that jurisdiction;

(c)

describes the regulatory status accorded to the Fund by that Regulator;

(d)

includes the following warning:

"The Financial Services Regulatory Authority of ADGM accepts no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any Prospectus or other documents in connection with this Fund.

The Units to which this Prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers should conduct their own due diligence on the Units.

If you do not understand the contents of this document you should consult an authorised financial adviser."; and

(e)

if the Offer is not directed to Retail Clients, includes a prominent statement to that effect to be incorporated within the warning in (d).

10.1.4

An Authorised Fund Manager or other Authorised Person must ensure that the Prospectus contains adequate disclosure to investors, including:

(a)

the investment policy and strategy, as well as risks associated with the strategy;

29

FUNDS VER10.100625

(b)

management, performance, distribution and redemption fees payable or borne by investors;

(c)

terms on which an investor may terminate its investment or exit the Fund including, where applicable, gating, side-pocketing, lock-up or suspensions of redemptions, that may apply under such circumstances;

including any penalties

(d)

the valuation policy and performance measurement standards;

(e)

where there are methodology and procedures for their valuation;

investments

in hard-to-value or

illiquid assets, the

(f)

the use of leverage, to the extent permitted by the investment mandate, including a description of the types of leverage that may be employed and the circumstances in which leverage may be used; and

(g)

any counterparties appointed in respect of the Fund.

10.1.5

An Authorised Fund Manager or other Authorised Person which makes an Offer of a Unit of a Foreign Fund must maintain at its place of business or other designated location in ADGM copies of the relevant Prospectus for inspection by Clients and by the Regulator during normal business hours.

Guidance

1.

In relation to Rule 10.1.5, copies of the Prospectus may be stored electronically so long as Clients and the Regulator have ready and immediate access.

2.

These disclosures should be provided at the inception of the fund or (as the case may be) before the relevant investor makes an investment in the Fund. A Fund Manager should also ensure that such disclosures are provided to its investors not only on a periodic basis, but as and when material changes occur.

3.

Should such a requirement conflict with any requirements that apply to a Foreign Fund in the jurisdiction in which the Fund is domiciled, the Authorised Fund Manager may apply to the Regulator for appropriate waivers or modifications of the Regulator requirements.

Recommendation-Based Offers of