 guidance on asset valuation and pricing.

46

FUNDS VER10.100625

12.5

Determination of single price

12.5.1

(1) A Fund Manager must take all reasonable steps and exercise due diligence to ensure that the Units in the Fund are correctly priced in accordance with the applicable accounting procedures to ascertain an accurate single price for a Unit.

(2) The price of a Unit must be calculated on the basis of the valuation in Rule 12.4.1 in a manner that is fair and reasonable as between Unitholders.

12.5.2

(1) A Fund Manager must take immediate action to rectify any breach of Rule 12.4.1 where such breach relates to the incorrect pricing of Units.

(2) In (1), unless the incorrect pricing in respect of an issue is of minimal significance, the Fund Manager must inform the Regulator, and if appointed, the Trustee or Eligible Custodian or other Persons providing oversight functions in relation to the Fund, of such a rectification.

12.6

Suspension of dealings in Units

12.6.1

(1) The Fund Manager may, in the case of an open-ended Domestic Fund, temporarily suspend the issue, cancellation, sale and redemption of Units ("dealings in Units") in the Fund where:

(a)

due to exceptional circumstances it is in the interest of the Unitholders in the Fund to do so; and

(b)

if there is an appointed Trustee:

(i)

it has obtained the prior agreement of the Trustee for the suspension of dealings in Units; or

(ii)

in the event that no agreement can be reached with the Trustee, the Regulator has issued a decision to suspend dealings in Units.

(2) The Fund Manager shall continue the suspension of dealings in Units only for so long as it reasonably believes that the suspension is in the interests of the Unitholders of the Fund.

(3) Upon suspension of dealings in Units, the Fund Manager shall, in writing, notify the Regulator immediately, and the Unitholders as soon as practicable, of the suspension and its reasons for doing so.

(4) This Rule applies to an open-ended Cell of a Protected Cell Company or Incorporated Cell Company as if that Cell were an open-ended Fund.

(5) The Regulator may, by Rules, prescribe any additional requirements or matters relating to the suspension of dealings in Units in an open-ended Domestic Fund.

12.7

Unitholder register

12.7.1

(1) A Fund Manager or, where applicable, Trustee must maintain a register of Unitholders.

47

FUNDS VER10.100625

(2) The register must contain:

(a)

the name and address of each Unitholder;

(b)

the number of Units including fractions of a Unit of each class held by each Unitholder; and

(c)

the date on which the Unitholder was registered in the register for the Units standing in his name.

(3) A Fund Manager must take all reasonable steps and exercise all due diligence to ensure that the register is kept complete and up to date.

(4) A Fund Manager or, if applicable, the Appointed Fund Administrator, must, subject to (5), make the Unitholder register in electronic or hard copy form available for inspection by Unitholders during normal business hours at the Fund Manager's or Appointed Fund Administrator's place of business in ADGM or otherwise in a designated location in ADGM.

(5) Where a Fund is structured as an Investment Trust, the Trustee must make the register in electronic or hard copy form available for inspection by Unitholders during normal business hours at the Trustee's place of business in ADGM or otherwise in a designated location in ADGM. The Trustee shall make the register available to the Fund Manager during office hours and allow the Fund Manager to make copies of the register for its purposes.

12.8

Meetings of Unitholders

12.8.1

In the case of a Public Fund, the Fund Manager must hold at least two meetings of the Governing Body of every Public Fund which has such a body every 12 month period from the date of registration of that Fund with the Regulator.

12.8.2

(1) The Fund Manager and if appointed the Trustee of a Public Fund:

(a)

may