3.3; or

(b)

the Eligible Custodian or Trustee of the Fund, where the individuals undertaking the primary responsibility for the oversight function meet the suitability criteria prescribed in Rule 13.3.3.

Guidance

1.

Rule 13.3.1 requires the Fund Manager of a Domestic Fund which is a Public Fund to establish and maintain one of the permitted oversight arrangements prescribed by the Regulator. Accordingly, such a Fund Manager must appoint one of the oversight arrangements specified in Rule 13.3.2 to every Public Fund which it manages.

2.

The membership of the Oversight Committee may comprise individuals including but not limited to non-executive members of the board of directors of the Fund, or the non-executive members of the General Partner of an Investment Partnership, or external experts, provided such individuals can meet the suitability criteria prescribed in Rule 13.3.3. The criteria include a test of independence.

Suitability criteria for persons providing oversight function

13.3.3

(1) For the purposes of Rule 13.3.2, a Person undertaking the oversight function meets the relevant criteria if that Person:

(a)

is suitably qualified;

(b)

is fit and proper; and

59

FUNDS VER10.100625

(c)

meets the independence criteria in Rule 13.3.7 below.

(2) A Fund Manager must, in the case of each individual to be appointed as a member of an Oversight Committee referred to in Rule 13.3.2(a), undertake appropriate due diligence to ascertain whether the individual meets the suitability criteria in (1).

(3) A Fund Manager must, where an Eligible Custodian or Trustee is to be appointed as the oversight provider of the Fund, undertake appropriate due diligence to ascertain whether the individual meets the suitability criteria in (1) in respect of those individuals within the organisation of the Eligible Custodian or Trustee who will be undertaking the primary responsibility for performing the oversight function for the Fund.

(4) A Fund Manager must ensure that there is a written agreement:

(a)

by which an individual is appointed to an Oversight Committee or the Trustee or Eligible Custodian is appointed to the oversight function of the Fund, as is relevant; and

(b)

which contains express provisions that the appointee agrees to discharge the oversight function in accordance with the requirements in these Rules.

(5) If requested by the Regulator, a Fund Manager must provide to the Regulator any information relating to the appointment or intended appointment of a Person to provide the oversight function for the Fund.

Guidance

1.

The Guidance under APP 6 sets out matters which a Fund Manager should take into account when assessing the fitness and propriety of an individual who is to be appointed to carry out the Fund's oversight function.

2.

In the case of a Trustee or Eligible Custodian appointed to provide the oversight function, a Fund Manager should, before making such an appointment, identify the most senior individuals within the organisation who will carry the primary responsibility for the oversight function. The suitability assessment should then be applied to each such individual.

3.

Trustees are required to be independent of the Fund Manager (see Section 114 of FSMR), which is incorporated in the independence requirement for oversight providers under Rule 13.3.7(f)). However, if the primary responsibility for providing oversight function within a Trustee rests on individuals other than its board members, the Fund Manager should assess whether such individuals possess the required degree of independence from the Fund Manager in assessing their fitness and propriety to carry out the oversight function effectively. A Fund Manager should, when making that assessment, focus particularly on whether the Persons providing the oversight function have access to sufficient resources to perform their duties objectively and independently of the Fund Manager.

4. should:

In assessing the competence of a prospective appointee, a Fund Manager

a.

obtain details of the knowledge and skills of the individual in relation to the knowledge and skills required for the role;

60

FUNDS VER10.100625

b.

take reasonable steps to verify the relevance, accuracy and authenticity of any information acquired;

c.

determine whether the individual holds any relevant qualifications with respect to the functions to be performed; and

d.

determine the individual's relevant experience.

13.3.4

(1) The systems and controls which a Fund Manager is required to have in place must include adequate measures