 as Principal'. As a result, such a Person would need to be licensed. Similarly, a Person who obtains Units for the purposes of secondary sales would be likely to be regarded as making those sales "by way of business" and would thus trigger the need to be licensed.

5.1.3

(1) A Person does not make an Offer of a Unit if that Person is an Authorised Person and it undertakes a Transaction in relation to a Unit of a Fund if the Transaction is:

(a)

an Execution-Only Transaction undertaken for or on behalf of a Client;

(b)

a trade executed for or on behalf of a Client in accordance with a Discretionary Portfolio Management Agreement entered into with that Client; or

(c)

effected with the Fund Manager of a Fund for the purposes of redeeming a Unit of that Fund for or on behalf of a Client.

5.1.4

A Person does not make an Offer of a Unit if that Person is an Authorised Person and the Offer is made only to, or directed only at, a Market Counterparty.

PART 3: AUTHORISATION

6.

DOMESTIC FUNDS

6.1

Registration of Public Funds

The application for registration

6.1.1

(1) An application pursuant to Section 107 of FSMR for the registration of a Public Fund must be made to the Regulator by the legal Person which is to be the Fund Manager of a Domestic Fund. If the Fund is an Investment Trust, then the Trustee and Fund Manager must jointly apply.

(2) The Fund Manager and, if applicable, the Trustee must complete and submit the appropriate form or forms (which shall be in such form as the Regulator may prescribe).

(3) In addition to the requirements of Section 107 of FSMR, the application must be accompanied by:

(a)

copies of the Fund's Constitution and Prospectus; and

(b)

certification by the Fund Manager and (where applicable) the Trustee to the effect that:

(1)

the Constitution of the Fund complies with the requirements prescribed under these Rules and FSMR;

13

FUNDS VER10.100625

(2)

the Prospectus complies with the requirements prescribed under these Rules and FSMR; and

(3)

if the Fund is managed by a Foreign Fund Manager, the requirements in Rule 7.1 are met.

6.1.2

If, at any time between the filing of an application for registration and the grant of a registration, the Fund Manager or, if appointed, the Trustee becomes aware of any material change, error, or omission reasonably likely to be relevant to the application under consideration, it shall inform the Regulator in writing of such change without delay.

6.1.3

In assessing an application for registration, the Regulator may:

(a)

make any enquiries which it considers appropriate, including enquiries independent of the Fund Manager and Trustee; or

(b)

require the Fund Manager or Trustee to provide further information.

Requirements for registration

6.1.4

Subject to the provisions of these Rules, a Fund will only be registered by the Regulator if it satisfies the following conditions:

(a)

the incorporation or other legal formalities relating to the formation of the Fund are completed;

(b)

the Fund has appointed to it a Fund Manager which is:

(i)

authorised by the Regulator under its Financial Services Permission to carry on the Regulated Activity of Managing a Collective Investment Fund; or

(ii)

a Foreign Fund Manager;

(c)

the Fund, if it is an Investment Trust, has a Trustee which meets the requirements in these Rules and FSMR;

(d)

the Fund, if it is a Domestic Fund, is constituted as an Investment Company, Investment Partnership or Investment Trust;

(e)

the Fund Manager has made satisfactory arrangements in relation to the oversight function of the Fund and the delegation of the Regulated Activity of Providing Custody as required under FSMR and these Rules;

(f)

the Fund Manager has appointed an Auditor to the Fund who complies with the requirements in Rule 16.3; and

(g)

the name of the Fund is not undesirable or misleading and its purpose is reasonably capable of being successfully carried into effect.

Rejection of an application

14

FUNDS VER10.100625

Guidance

Under Section 109 of FSMR, the Regulator may refuse to grant an application