 the applicable requirements in FSMR or these Rules.

2.

Rules 5.1.3 and 5.1.4 exclude from being treated as Offers any Transactions undertaken by an Authorised Person where such Transactions are Execution- only Transactions, or Transactions for the purposes of managing a discretionary portfolio for a Client, or for the purposes of redeeming a Unit of a Fund for a Client. Similarly, an offer made by an Authorised Person to a Market Counterparty is also excluded from being an Offer that is restricted by these Rules. As a result, such excluded Transactions and offers are not subject to the requirements in these Rules relating to the marketing of Units.

3.

This Part of the Rulebook sets out the detailed requirements that apply to the Offer of Units of Domestic and Foreign Funds, including Prospectus disclosure

19

FUNDS VER10.100625

by Authorised Persons. The Rules in this Chapter supplement provisions of COBS, which also govern the carrying on of Regulated Activities by an Authorised Person, except where otherwise provided.

4.

Part 6 of MKT governs the listing of the Units of a Fund and continuous disclosure obligations that apply to in relation to Listed Funds.

8.

REGULATOR NOTIFICATION

8.1

Regulator Notification

(1) An Authorised Person must, within 30 days of commencing marketing any Fund in or from ADGM, notify the Regulator of certain details relating to the Fund, being:

(a)

the name of the Fund;

(b)

the structure and type of vehicle of the Fund; and

(c)

the investment policy and strategy of the Fund.

(2) The Regulator may require such notification to contain, and be accompanied by, such other information as the Regulator may reasonably require.

(3) Rule 8.1 does not require a Fund Manager to make any notification to the Regulator in respect of a Fund where a registration or notification has already been made in respect of that Fund under Section 107 or Section 112 of FSMR.

9.

MARKETING OF DOMESTIC FUNDS AND PROSPECTUS DISCLOSURE

9.1

Prospectus disclosure for Domestic Funds

Guidance

1.

While an Authorised Person is required by virtue of these Rules when making an Offer of a Unit of a Domestic Fund to another Person to make available to that other Person a Prospectus, the obligation to produce a Prospectus is imposed under Rule 9.2 on the Fund Manager of a Domestic Fund.

2.

This Chapter sets out the detailed requirements that apply to the Fund Manager who is obliged to produce a Prospectus, and the obligations and liabilities relating to Prospectuses, as well as the obligation relating to making available a Prospectus which applies to the activity of making an Offer of Units.

3.

Some requirements relating to Prospectus disclosure are common to all Domestic Funds. However, in other areas, particularly relating to the content of disclosure required in a Prospectus, and the manner of distribution, different requirements apply depending on whether the Fund is a Public Fund, Exempt Fund or Qualified Investor Fund.

4.

The requirements relating to Domestic Funds do not apply to a Foreign Fund managed by an Authorised Fund Manager, unless otherwise provided in FSMR or these Rules. As a result, the general Prospectus requirements set out in these Rules do not apply to Foreign Funds, except that:

20

FUNDS VER10.100625

a.

any offering document prepared in connection with the Foreign Fund is regarded as a Prospectus for the purposes of the requirements relating to the Offer of Units of such a Fund in or from ADGM; and

b.

the Regulator has the power to prescribe any additional disclosure to be included in such a document.

Those requirements are specified in Rules 10.1.1 to 10.1.7.

Application

9.1.1

(1) This Chapter applies, subject to (4), to a Fund Manager of a Domestic Fund, and each Director or partner of the Fund Manager and, if it has a Governing Body, each member of that body.

(2) This Chapter also applies (to the extent stated herein) to an Authorised Person, and each of its Directors or partners, where such a Firm is not the Fund Manager and undertakes the marketing of Units of a Domestic Fund.

(3) This Chapter also applies to other specified Persons to the extent so specified.

(