 satisfactory arrangements in relation to the oversight function of the Fund and the delegation of the Regulated Activity of Providing Custody as required under FSMR and these Rules;

(f)

the Fund Manager has appointed an Auditor to the Fund who complies with the requirements in Rule 16.3; and

(g)

the name of the Fund is not undesirable or misleading and its purpose is reasonably capable of being successfully carried into effect.

Rejection of an application

14

FUNDS VER10.100625

Guidance

Under Section 109 of FSMR, the Regulator may refuse to grant an application for the registration of a Fund if it is not satisfied that the requirements referred to in Section 107 of FSMR have been met.

Granting registration

Guidance

1.

Under Section 110 of FSMR, once the Regulator grants registration of a Fund, it will without undue delay inform the relevant applicant in writing of:

a.

such decision; and

b.

the date on which the registration shall be deemed to take effect.

2.

The Regulator maintains a list of Public Funds which have been registered on its Public Register.

Withdrawal of registration

Guidance

Under Section 111 of FSMR, the Regulator may withdraw the registration of a Fund in specified circumstances.

6.2

Notification Requirement applicable to Exempt Funds and Qualified Investor Funds

6.2.1

A Fund Manager of an Exempt Fund, when notifying the Regulator pursuant to Section 112 of FSMR, must also include:

(a)

a general description of the Fund including the nature of its investments and the intended size of the Fund in monetary terms;

(b)

if it is a Fund which has appointed a prime broker pursuant to Rule 12.3.9:

(i)

the details relating to the identity of the prime broker and its Regulator; and

(ii)

a legal certification that all the requirements in Rule 12.3.9 relating to the use of prime brokers have been fully complied with by the Fund Manager;

(c)

if it is a Foreign Fund Manager, the name of the jurisdiction in which that Foreign Fund Manager is domiciled, and the details of the Appointed Fund Administrator or Trustee to that Fund for the purposes of Rule 7.1.2,

and such other information as the Regulator may from time to time request.

6.2.2

A Fund Manager of a Qualified Investor Fund, when notifying the Regulator pursuant to Section 112 of FSMR, must also include a general description of the Fund including the nature of its investments and the intended size of the Fund in monetary terms, and such other information as the Regulator may from time to time request.

15

FUNDS VER10.100625

6.3

Domestic Funds formed as PCCs or ICCs

Regulator Consent

6.3.1

A Protected Cell Company and an Incorporated Cell Company cannot be established in ADGM without the consent of the Regulator.

6.3.2

An application to the Regulator in connection with the proposed establishment of a Protected Cell Company and an Incorporated Cell Company must be made in such form, and be accompanied by such documentation, as the Regulator may from time to time prescribe.

6.3.3

A Domestic Fund, other than a Qualified Investor Fund, that is a Protected Cell Company or an Incorporated Cell Company may not create a new Cell unless approval has been granted by the Regulator.

6.3.4

An Authorised Fund Manager of a Qualified Investor Fund must give notice to the Regulator of its intention to create a new Cell of a Domestic Fund which is a Protected Cell Company or an Incorporated Cell Company by submitting a notification to the Regulator, which shall be in such form as the Regulator may prescribe, as soon as reasonably practicable before creation of the Cell.

6.3.5

An application to the Regulator for the approval for the creation of a new Cell must be made on the appropriate form (which shall be in such form as the Regulator may prescribe), and shall be accompanied by such documents and information and verified in such manner, as the Regulator may require.

6.3.6

(1) The Regulator may:

(a)

grant approval;

(b)

grant approval with conditions or restrictions; or

(c)

refuse approval;

for the creation of a new Cell.

The procedures in Part 21 of FSMR