 Prospectus in which to so confirm or retract his application.

9.5

Prospectus content

Public Fund Prospectus

9.5.1

Without limiting the generality of the Prospectus disclosure required under Rules 9.2, 9.3 and 9.4, the Fund Manager must, in the case of a Public Fund, include in the Prospectus of the Fund:

(a)

the information in APP 7;

(b)

if it is a specialist class of a Public Fund, any information as is relevant to that specialist class of Fund; and

(c)

the mandatory statement required under Rule 9.5.3.

Guidance

The disclosure requirements relating to a Prospectus that apply to a Public Fund are somewhat more extensive than the Prospectus disclosure requirements that apply to other types of Funds, in particular, Exempt Funds and Qualified Investor Funds.

Offering document of an Exempt Fund or a Qualified Investor Fund

9.5.2

Without limiting the generality of the Prospectus disclosure required under Rules 9.2, 9.3 and 9.4, the Fund Manager must, in the case of an Exempt Fund or a Qualified Investor Fund, include in the Prospectus of the Fund:

(a)

all the information which Professional Clients to whom it intends to Offer Units of the Fund would reasonably require and expect to find in such a Prospectus;

(b)

if it is a specialist class of an Exempt Fund or a Qualified Investor Fund, any information as is relevant to that specialist class of Fund; and

24

FUNDS VER10.100625

(c)

in the case of an Exempt Fund, the mandatory statements required under Rules 9.5.3 and 9.5.4.

Mandatory statement

9.5.3

(1) A Fund Manager of a Public Fund or an Exempt Fund must include in the Fund's Prospectus, the following statement displayed prominently on its front page:

"This Prospectus relates to an Abu Dhabi Global Market Fund in accordance with the Financial Services and Markets Regulations and the Fund Rules of the Regulator.

The Regulator has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any Prospectus or other documents in connection with this Domestic Fund. Accordingly, the Regulator has not approved this Prospectus or any other associated documents nor taken any steps to verify the information set out in this Prospectus, and has no responsibility for it.

The Units to which this Prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the Units offered should conduct their own due diligence on the Units.

If you do not understand the contents of this document you should consult an authorised financial adviser."

(2) In the case of a Public Fund which is a Listed Fund, the Fund Manager must include, instead of the statement referred to in (1), the statement required under MKT Rule 3.3.1(1)(b)(iii).

9.5.4

A Fund Manager of an Exempt Fund must prominently disclose to prospective Unitholders in the Prospectus and any other financial promotions relating to the Fund, the following Mandatory Fund Disclosure Statement:

"When considering investment in a Fund you should consider the fact that some Fund products use leverage and other speculative investment practices that may increase the risk of investment loss, can be illiquid, may involve complex tax structures, often charge high fees, and in many cases the underlying investments are not transparent and are known only to the Fund Manager.

Returns from Funds can be volatile and you may lose all or part of your investment. With respect to single manager products the manager has total trading authority and this could mean a lack of diversification and higher risk. The Fund may be subject to substantial expenses that are generally offset by trading profits and other income. A portion of those fees is paid to the Fund Manager."

9.6

Additional Prospectus disclosure requirements

Prospectus of a Feeder Fund

9.6.1

A Fund Manager of a Feeder Fund must ensure that the Fund's Prospectus discloses:

25

FUNDS VER10.100625

(a)

the investment objectives of the Master Fund;

(b)

if applicable, a prominent risk warning to alert prospective Unitholders to the fact that they will be subject to higher fees arising from the layered investment structure;

(c)

the fees arising at the level of:

(i)

the Feeder Fund itself;

(ii