

9.1.1

(1) This Chapter applies, subject to (4), to a Fund Manager of a Domestic Fund, and each Director or partner of the Fund Manager and, if it has a Governing Body, each member of that body.

(2) This Chapter also applies (to the extent stated herein) to an Authorised Person, and each of its Directors or partners, where such a Firm is not the Fund Manager and undertakes the marketing of Units of a Domestic Fund.

(3) This Chapter also applies to other specified Persons to the extent so specified.

(4) Only this Rule and the following requirements in this Chapter apply to, or in relation to, a Qualified Investor Fund:

(a)

Rule 9.2;

(b)

Rule 9.3;

(c)

Rules 9.4.1 and 9.4.2;

(d)

Rule 9.5.2;

(e)

Rule 9.6.1;

(f)

Rule 9.7; and

(g)

Rule 9.8.

Guidance

A Foreign Fund Manager must also comply with the requirements in this Chapter, because it is managing a Domestic Fund.

9.2

Prospectus requirement

9.2.1

The Fund Manager of a Domestic Fund shall:

(a)

produce a Prospectus in accordance with the requirements in this Rule; and

(b)

if the Fund is a Public Fund, file a copy of the Prospectus with the Regulator.

9.3

Prospectus content

9.3.1

(1) The presentation of the information in a Prospectus shall be clear, fair and not misleading.

21

FUNDS VER10.100625

(2) A Prospectus shall contain all the information which a person and his professional advisers would reasonably require and expect to find in a Prospectus to be able to make an informed decision to become a Unitholder of the Fund.

(3) If at any time after the issue of a Prospectus there is a material change affecting any matter contained in the Prospectus or a significant new matter arises, the Fund Manager shall, in accordance with the requirements prescribed in these Rules, either before or promptly following the effective date of such material change or new matter, issue a Supplementary or a Replacement Prospectus.

Publicity

9.3.2

(1) A person undertaking a financial promotion in respect of a Prospectus shall ensure that:

(a)

the information contained in the Prospectus complies with this Rule and FSMR;

(b)

the Fund Manager, in the case of a Public Fund, has filed a copy of the Prospectus with the Regulator in accordance with Rule 9.2.1(b); and

(c)

the financial promotion states a Prospectus has been published and gives an address where a copy may be collected in ADGM.

(2) Nothing in (1) prevents a person from issuing a financial promotion before the issue of a Prospectus provided it clearly states that a Prospectus will be issued and how a copy of such Prospectus may be obtained.

9.4

General requirements relating to Prospectuses

9.4.1

(1) The Prospectus must not contain any provision which is unfairly prejudicial to the interests of Unitholders generally or to the Unitholders of any class of Units.

(2) For the purposes of the information that must be included in a Prospectus pursuant to Rule 9.3 above:

(a)

such information must be material information; and

(b)

information is material if it is either:

(i)

within the knowledge of the Directors or partners of the Fund Manager or

(ii)

information which such Directors or partners ought reasonably have obtained by making reasonable enquiries.

(3) The Prospectus must be available in the English language.

(4) The expiry date of a Prospectus must be no later than 12 months after the date of the Prospectus.

22

FUNDS VER10.100625

Guidance

In conducting inquiries relating to the obligations under (2), a Fund Manager of a Public Fund must give particular regard to the information which would be required and expected by a Retail Client in order to make an informed decision about the merits of investing and the extent and characteristics of risk.

Supplementary and Replacement Prospectuses

Guidance

1.

Rule 9.3.1(3) requires a Fund Manager to issue, if