 the Fund Manager."

9.6

Additional Prospectus disclosure requirements

Prospectus of a Feeder Fund

9.6.1

A Fund Manager of a Feeder Fund must ensure that the Fund's Prospectus discloses:

25

FUNDS VER10.100625

(a)

the investment objectives of the Master Fund;

(b)

if applicable, a prominent risk warning to alert prospective Unitholders to the fact that they will be subject to higher fees arising from the layered investment structure;

(c)

the fees arising at the level of:

(i)

the Feeder Fund itself;

(ii)

if applicable, the Master Fund of the Feeder Fund; and

(iii)

if applicable, any underlying Funds into which the Master Fund invests, to the extent known, and

that it has made available to prospective Unitholders in the Feeder Fund copies of the Prospectus and the last audited annual reports and accounts of the Master Fund.

9.7

Obligation relating to making a Prospectus available

9.7.1

(1) A Fund Manager of a Domestic Fund must make the Fund's most recent Prospectus available free of charge to any Unitholder and to any Person who is eligible to invest in the Fund when making an Offer to issue or sell a Unit of the Fund to such a Person, and, in any case, must not enter into a Transaction relating to the issue or sale of a Unit of the Fund with a Person unless that Transaction results from an Excluded Offer as defined in Rule 5.1, or is otherwise permitted by, these Rules.

(2) A Fund Manager of a Domestic Fund which is an Exempt Fund or a Qualified Investor Fund must not, and must not cause any other Person to, make an Offer of Units of such a Fund in a manner that would result in a breach of the requirements in Rules 3.3.3 or 3.3.4 as is applicable to that Fund.

Guidance

1.

Rule 5.1 contains the definitions of Excluded Offers, such as Execution-only Transactions and Transactions with Market Counterparties.

2.

A Fund Manager should note the requirements in Schedule 2 of FSMR. A Prospectus drawn up pursuant to Rule 9 should be made available to prospective Unitholders for as long as the Offer is open and once the Offer is closed, the Fund Manager's obligation to make the Prospectus available would cease.

3.

Rules 3.3.3 and 3.3.4 set out the conditions that must be satisfied for Exempt Funds and Qualified Investor Funds. In particular, these Rules require that Units in an Exempt Fund or a Qualified Investor Fund may only be Offered for issue or sale by means of a Private Placement with Professional Clients.

9.7.2

(1) Where an Authorised Person Offers a Unit of a Domestic Fund to a Person it must make available to that Person a copy of the most recent Prospectus at the time of the Offer or before effecting the Transaction in relation to the Units, unless that Transaction results from an Excluded Offer as defined in Rule 5.1 of these Rules.

26

FUNDS VER10.100625

(2) An Authorised Person must not make an Offer of Units of an Exempt Fund or a Qualified Investor Fund in a manner that would result in a breach of the requirements in Rules 3.3.3 or 3.3.4 as is applicable to that Fund.

9.7.3

A Fund Manager and an Authorised Person making an Offer of a Unit of a Fund meet the requirement in Rule 9.7.1 or Rule 9.7.2 as is relevant by:

(a)

maintaining at its place of business in ADGM copies of the relevant Prospectus for inspection by Clients and by the Regulator during normal business hours; or

(b)

being able to advise readily of a location in ADGM where copies of the Prospectus are available.

Guidance

Copies of the Prospectus may be stored electronically so long as Clients and the Regulator have ready and immediate access.

9.8

Responsibility for Prospectus

Prescribed persons

9.8.1

(1) The following Persons are prescribed as being responsible for a Prospectus:

(a)

the Fund Manager;

(b)

where the Fund is a Body Corporate, each Person who is