 issue; and

(b)

the rights attaching to Units of each class (including any provisions for the expression in two or more denominations of such rights).

Limitations

Details as to:

(a)

the provisions relating to any restrictions on the right to redeem Units in any class; and

(b)

the circumstances in which the issue of the Units of any particular class may be limited.

Income and distribution

(1)

A statement specifying which of the Eligible Custodian, Trustee or (as the case may be) Fund Administrator has been appointed to carry out the calculation, transfer, allocation and distribution of income for any class of Unit issued and outstanding during the accounting period.

(2)

Information regarding the provision for the payment of income, if any, and the date on which such distribution shall be made.

Base currency

A statement specifying the base currency of the Fund.

Meetings

Details of the procedures for the convening of meetings and the procedures relating to resolutions, voting and the voting rights of Unitholders.

Oversight arrangements

117

FUNDS VER10.100625

K

L

M

N

Details of the oversight arrangements.

Termination and suspension

Details as to:

(a)

the grounds under which the Fund Manager may suspension of the Fund and any associated procedures; and

initiate a

(b)

the methodology for determining the rights of Unitholders to participate in the Fund Property on winding up.

Modification of the Constitution documents

Details of the manner in which alterations to the Constitution may be made.

Responsibility statement

A statement that nothing in the Constitution has the effect of exempting the Fund Manager and, if the Fund is structured as an Investment Trust, the Trustee, from any liability to Unitholders imposed under any enactment or rule of law in ADGM and the Rules.

Other relevant matters

Details of those matters which enable the Fund, Fund Manager or any Person providing the oversight function of the Fund to obtain any privilege or power conferred by the Rules which is not otherwise provided for in the Constitution.

118

FUNDS VER10.100625

APP 6 GUIDANCE ON FITNESS AND PROPRIETY FOR OVERSIGHT FUNCTIONS

Guidance

General

1.

The guidance in this Appendix is intended to assist a Fund Manager when making appointments in accordance with Rule 13.3.3 in respect of oversight functions.

Integrity

2.

The Fund Manager may have regard to matters including, but not limited to, the following.

a.

the propriety of an individual's conduct whether or not such conduct may have resulted in the commission of a criminal offence, the contravention of a law or the institution of legal or disciplinary proceedings of whatever nature;

b.

a conviction or finding of guilt in respect of any offence, other than a minor road traffic offence, by any court of competent jurisdiction;

c.

whether the individual has ever been the subject of disciplinary proceedings by a government body or agency or any recognised self- regulatory organisation or other professional body;

d.

a contravention of any provision of financial services legislation or of rules, regulations, statements of principle or codes of practice made under or by a recognised self-regulatory organisation, Recognised Body, regulated exchange or regulated clearing house or Financial Services Regulator;

e.

a refusal or restriction of the right to carry on a trade, business or profession requiring a licence, registration or other authority;

f.

a dismissal or a request to resign from any office or employment;

g.

whether the individual has been or is currently the subject of or has been concerned with the management of a Body Corporate which has been or is currently the subject of an investigation into an allegation of misconduct or malpractice;

h.

an adverse finding in a civil action by any court of competent jurisdiction of fraud, misfeasance or other misconduct, whether in connection with the formation or management of a corporation or otherwise;

i.

an adverse finding or an agreed settlement in a civil action by any court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction resulting in an award against an individual in excess of $10,000 or awards that total more than $10,000;

j.

an order of disqualification as a director or to act in the management or conduct of the affairs of a corporation by a court of competent jurisdiction or regulator;

k.

whether the individual has been a director, or concerned in the management of, a Body Corporate which has gone into liquidation or

119

FUNDS VER10.100