 (a).

15.2

Responsibilities of a Fund Manager of a Qualified Investor Fund

Guidance

1.

While a Fund Manager of a Qualified Investor Fund is exempt from many of the detailed requirements applicable to Public Funds and Exempt Funds, it will continue to be subject to most of the main obligations of Fund Managers. Therefore, such a Fund Manager should be mindful that when managing a Qualified Investor Fund, it is subject to some of the overarching obligations applicable to Fund Managers, particularly:

(a)

Rule 12.2 (Fund Manager and Trustee general duties and functions);

(b)

GEN Section 2.2 (The Principles for Authorised Persons); and

(c)

GEN Chapter 3 (Management, Systems and Controls).

2.

For example, a Fund Manager of a Qualified Investor Fund needs to observe high standards of integrity and fair dealing, and apply due skill, care and

77

FUNDS VER10.100625

diligence, in managing the Fund. Similarly, it must have adequate systems and controls to ensure that the affairs of the Fund are effectively managed, taking into account the nature, scale and complexity of the Fund's operations and the investment objectives and needs of its investors.

15.3

Custody of Fund Property

15.3.1

(1) The Fund Manager of a Qualified Investor Fund that is not an Investment Trust must ensure that the legal title to Fund Property is registered with an Eligible Custodian.

(2) The requirement in (1) does not apply in relation to Fund Property where it is impracticable and disproportionate to comply with that Rule given the nature of the Fund and its assets, provided that the Fund Manager has in place effective arrangements which ensure that the Fund Property is not available to creditors in the event of the insolvency of the Fund Manager.

Guidance

Regardless of who holds title to Fund Property, the Fund Manager must always ensure that, in accordance with Rule 12.2.2(1)(f), Fund Property is clearly identified as such and held separately from property of the Fund Manager and any other Funds.

16.

ACCOUNTING, AUDIT AND PERIODIC REPORTING OF A FUND

16.1

Application

16.1.1

(1) This Chapter applies to a Fund Manager and a Trustee of a Domestic Fund.

(2) In this Chapter, references to a "Fund" mean a "Domestic Fund".

16.2

Preparation of Fund financial statements

Financial statements and financial reporting standards

16.2.1

(1) A Fund Manager of a Fund must prepare financial statements for each financial year of the Fund.

(2) A Fund Manager must, in respect of a Fund, prepare and maintain all financial statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) or US GAAP as supplemented by the Statement of Recommended Practice (SORP).

Accounting Records

16.2.2

A Fund Manager must keep Accounting Records that are sufficient to show and explain transactions and are as such, to:

(a)

be capable of disclosing the financial position of the Fund on an ongoing basis; and

(b)

record the financial position of the Fund as at its financial year end.

16.2.3

Accounting Records must be maintained by a Fund Manager such as to enable the Governing Body and, if appointed, the Trustee or any Persons providing the oversight

78

FUNDS VER10.100625

function of the Fund to ensure that any financial statements prepared by the Fund Manager in relation to the Fund comply with the legislation applicable in ADGM.

16.2.4

The Accounting Records must be:

(a)

retained by the Fund Manager or Fund for at least six years from the date to which they relate;

(b)

at all reasonable times, open to inspection by the Regulator or the auditor of the Fund; and

(c)

capable of reproduction, within a reasonable period not exceeding 3 business days, in hard copy and available in English.

16.3

Auditors of a Fund

Guidance

1.

Rule 11.1.2 requires every Domestic Fund to have an auditor appointed to it in accordance with Section 189 of FSMR and any Rules made for the purposes of that Part.

2.

Section 189 of FSMR sets out how an Auditor must be appointed to each Domestic Fund and Part 15 of FSMR sets out the main