 appoint the Trustee as its Appointed Trustee for the purposes of (1).

Guidance

In addition to the requirements in this Chapter which apply to the Appointed Fund Administrator or Appointed Trustee, Persons who are appointed to Funds as Fund Administrators or Trustees have other obligations (see for example Rule 17.1).

7.2

Authorisation Requirements for Authorised Fund Managers of Foreign Funds

Regulator Notification

7.2.1

An Authorised Fund Manager to which this Chapter applies must give notice to the Regulator of its intention to manage a Foreign Fund by submitting a notification to the Regulator as soon as reasonably practicable before launch in accordance with the requirements of this Chapter.

The notification shall be in such form as the Regulator may prescribe and should be submitted together with the most recent versions of:

(a)

the constitution of the Foreign Fund;

(b)

the offering document (or equivalent) relating to the Foreign Fund; and

(c)

such other required information as the Regulator may from time to time prescribe.

The Authorised Fund Manager shall, as part of its notification, evidence that the requirements of Rule 7.2.3 and Rule 10.1.6 have been met or will, by the time that the Authorised Fund Manager commences management of the Foreign Fund, be met.

Guidance

For the purposes of Rule 7.2.1, "as soon as reasonably practicable before launch" requires, at a minimum, at least seven calendar days' notice to be given before the commencement of management functions by the Authorised Fund Manager.

Systems Requirements for Authorised Fund Managers of Foreign Funds

7.2.2

An Authorised Fund Manager of a Foreign Fund must have systems and controls which are adequate to ensure compliance with the requirements that apply to the Foreign Fund in the jurisdiction in which it is established or domiciled.

18

FUNDS VER10.100625

Appointment of Fund Administrator/Trustee/Custodian

7.2.3

An Authorised Fund Manager to whom this Chapter applies must:

(a)

ensure that there is appointed to the Fund an administrator or trustee before commencing the management of that Fund;

(b)

ensure that there is appointed to the Fund an Eligible Custodian before commencing the management of that Fund unless it is both impractical and disproportionate to do so; and

(c)

procure access to the books and records relating to the Fund as required by the Regulator and any person providing the oversight functions of the Fund.

7.2.4

The AML Rules apply to an Authorised Fund Manager of a Foreign Fund to the extent that it carries on the Regulated Activity of Acting as the Manager of a Collective Investment Fund in relation to such Foreign Fund as if each reference in AML to a “customer” is a reference to a “Unitholder” or “prospective Unitholder” as appropriate to the context.

PART 4: MARKETING OF DOMESTIC AND FOREIGN FUNDS

Guidance

1.

Section 18 of FSMR contains the restrictions on the financial promotion of Units in a Fund by any person other than an Authorised Person, and Schedule 2 of FSMR specifies the limited circumstances in which such a person may market Units in a way that does not breach the general prohibition. In addition, these Rules prescribe that an Authorised Person may not market a Unit in ADGM unless:

a.

a Prospectus that complies with any relevant requirements in FSMR and these Rules is made available to the person to whom the Offer is made;

b.

a notification is provided to the Regulator in compliance with these Rules;

c.

the Person marketing the Unit is an Authorised Person whose Financial Services Permission authorises it to do so; and

d.

the Offer of a Unit is made in accordance with the applicable requirements in FSMR or these Rules.

2.

Rules 5.1.3 and 5.1.4 exclude from being treated as Offers any Transactions undertaken by an Authorised Person where such Transactions are Execution- only Transactions, or Transactions for the purposes of managing a discretionary portfolio for a Client, or for the purposes of redeeming a Unit of a Fund for a Client. Similarly, an offer made by an Authorised Person to a Market Counterparty is also excluded from being an Offer that is restricted by these Rules. As a result, such excluded Transactions and offers are not subject