 Trustee, Eligible Custodian or Persons providing oversight functions for performing such functions conferred on the Trustee, Eligible Custodian or other Persons by these Rules.

(2) Payment under (1)(a) must not be made unless permitted by the Constitution.

Promotional payments, performance fees and set up costs

12.13.5 No promotional payment, performance fee or benefit may be made out of or given at the expense of the Fund Property to the Fund Manager unless it is permitted by the Constitution and specified in the Prospectus.

12.13.6 Costs of the registration, exemption and incorporation of a Fund and of its initial Offer or issue of Units, including Units in respect of a Sub-Fund, may be amortised over a period not exceeding five years.

Allocation of payments to capital or income

12.13.7

(1) The Fund Manager and the Trustee or the Persons providing the oversight function may agree that all or any part of any permitted payments, charges and expenses of the Fund may be treated as a capital expense or income expense and allocated to the capital account or income account respectively.

(2) The Fund Manager must ensure that any agreement in (1) is permitted by the Constitution and specified in the Prospectus in sufficient detail for a Unitholder or a prospective Unitholder to make an informed decision in relation to the allocation of such charges and expenses to be paid from the capital property or the income property as the case may be.

56

FUNDS VER10.100625

12.14

Compliance with AML Rules

12.14.1

The AML Rules apply to an Authorised Fund Manager of a Collective Investment Fund as if each reference in AML to a "customer" is a reference to a "Unitholder" or "prospective Unitholder" as appropriate to the context.

13.

REQUIREMENTS SPECIFIC TO PUBLIC FUNDS AND REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT

TRUSTS

13.1

Application

13.1.1

(1) Chapter 13 applies in its entirety to a Fund Manager and Trustee of a Domestic Fund which is a Public Fund, and also to Persons providing the oversight function for such a Fund, unless Rule 13.1.1(2) applies. Rules 13.5.1 to 13.5.5 apply to all Domestic Funds of all types which are Real Estate Investment Trusts.

(2) A Fund Manager and Trustee of a Public Fund are not subject to the oversight requirement in (1) if the Fund's investments are limited to those that require passive management and the Fund's systems and controls contain adequate measures to address any risks arising in that context.

Guidance

A Fund is passively managed if it invests in products such as index tracking products or if it is invested in such a way that exactly mirrors the constituent and weight allocations of an index without discretion on the part of the investment manager.

13.1.2

A reference in this Chapter to:

(a)

a "Fund Manager" or "Trustee" includes a reference to a Person proposing to be the Fund Manager or Trustee of a Domestic Fund;

(b)

a "Fund" includes a reference to a Fund registered or seeking to be registered as a Public Fund; and

(c)

a reference to a "Person providing the oversight function" includes a reference to an individual or a body corporate appointed or to be appointed as a Person providing oversight function for a Fund.

13.2

Issue and redemption of Public Fund Units

13.2.1

(1) A Fund Manager of an open-ended Public Fund must, within any conditions in its Constitution and Prospectus:

(a)

at all times during the dealing day, be willing to issue or sell Units in the Fund to any eligible Client; and

(b)

do so in a manner that is fair and reasonable as between all Unitholders and prospective Unitholders for whom the Fund Manager does not have reasonable grounds to refuse such issue or sale.

57

FUNDS VER10.100625

(2) A Fund Manager of an open-ended Public Fund must, within any conditions in its Constitution and Prospectus:

(a)

at all times during the dealing day, be willing to effect a redemption of the Units on the request of any Unitholder; and

(b)

do so in a manner fair and reasonable as between redeeming Unith