 equivalent to a scheme of arrangement entered into with some other Fund or Sub-Fund, or a Body Corporate, the proposal must not be implemented without the sanction of a Special Resolution of the Unitholders or the class or classes thereof in the relevant Fund or Sub-Fund, unless (4) applies.

(4) In (3), if the Fund Manager and, if appointed, the Trustee agree that the receipt of the property concerned for the account of the Fund:

(a)

is not likely to result in any material prejudice to the interest of the Unitholders of the Fund;

(b)

is consistent with the objectives of the Fund or Sub-Fund of an Umbrella Fund; and

(c)

could be effected without any breach of the requirements relating to the borrowing and investment restrictions relating to the Fund or Sub-Fund in Rule 13.4;

then the transfer may be effective and the issue of Units in exchange for assets as part of a transfer scheme may be undertaken.

Guidance

Part 36 of the Companies Regulations specifies the conditions applicable to any transfer of a Cell of a Protected Cell Company or an Incorporated Cell Company.

PART 7: WINDING UP

19.

WINDING UP OF DOMESTIC FUNDS

Guidance

This Chapter prescribes the additional circumstances in which a Domestic Fund may be wound up.

19.1

Application

19.1.1

This Chapter applies to a Fund Manager and, where appointed, the Trustee, of a Domestic Fund and, if the Domestic Fund is an Umbrella Fund using the form of a Protected Cell Company or Incorporated Cell Company, to each Cell as though that Cell were a separate Fund.

19.1.2

Aside from as provided under the Insolvency Regulations or as otherwise provided in any enactment, subordinate legislation or rules made by the Regulator, a Domestic Fund may also be wound up upon the happening of any of the following events:

(a)

the expiration of any period specified in the Constitution of the Fund as the period at the end of which the Fund will terminate;

(b)

upon the effective date of a duly approved transfer scheme; or

89

FUNDS VER10.100625

(c)

as otherwise provided for in the Constitution of the Fund.

In addition to the circumstances set out in Rule 19.1.2, a Public Fund may also be wound up upon the passing of a Special Resolution of Unitholders.

PART 8: ADGM GREEN FUNDS AND ADGM CLIMATE TRASITION FUNDS

20.

REQUIREMENTS SPECIFIC TO ADGM GREEN FUNDS AND ADGM CLIMATE TRANSITION FUNDS

20.1

Application

20.1.1

This Chapter applies to a Fund Manager and, if appointed, a Trustee of a Domestic Fund that is or is intended to be an ADGM Green Fund or an ADGM Climate Transition Fund.

20.1.2

Only this Rule and Rules 20.1.1, 20.2.1 to 20.2.9, 20.3.1 to 20.3.11, 20.4.1 to 20.4.4, 20.4.7, 20.4.8 and 20.4.9 are applicable to Funds that are Exempt Funds or Qualified Investor Funds.

Guidance

1. A Domestic Fund may only be referred to as an ADGM Green Fund or ADGM Climate Transition Fund if it complies with the ADGM Green Fund Rules or the ADGM Climate Transition Fund Rules, as applicable, and the Fund Manager has obtained the relevant approval from the Regulator for an ADGM Green Fund Designation or ADGM Climate Transition Fund Designation, as applicable.

2. A Fund that has green or climate transition objectives is not required to become an ADGM Green Fund or an ADGM Climate Transition Fund. However, only those Domestic Funds which have obtained the relevant designation may use such terminology and any related designation marks in related documentation and promotional materials. ADGM Green Funds

2. A Fund that has green or climate transition objectives is not required to become an ADGM Green Fund or an ADGM Climate Transition Fund. However, only those Domestic Funds which have obtained the relevant designation may use such terminology and any related designation marks in related documentation and promotional materials. ADGM Green Funds

20.2.1

An ADGM Green Fund must be a Domestic Fund