ions such as force majeure are highlighted.

Guidance

A Fund Manager is not required to satisfy the Regulator regarding use of the word "protected" in relation to the name of either a Protected Cell Company or a Cell of a Protected Cell Company.

In considering whether to permit a Fund Manager to use the words "guaranteed" or "protected" as part of or in connection with the name of a Fund, Sub-Fund or class of Units in a Fund, the Regulator will also take into account whether the degree of security implied by the name fairly reflects the nature of the arrangements for providing that security.

12.

MANAGEMENT AND OPERATION OF A FUND

12.1

General management duties

Application

12.1.1

(1) This Chapter applies to a Fund Manager and, if appointed, the Trustee of a Fund,

except as provided in (3) or where otherwise provided in this Chapter.

(2) This Chapter also applies, where expressly provided, to a Fund Administrator or

Eligible Custodian of a Domestic Fund.

(3) Only this Rule and Rules 12.2, 12.3.1, 12.3.2, 12.3.3, 12.3.4, 12.3.5, 12.3.6, 12.3.7(b), 12.3.8, 12.3.9, 12.3.10, 12.3.12(1), 12.4.1(b), 12.10.1 and the Guidance to Rule 12.12.2 in this Chapter apply to, or in relation to, a Qualified Investor Fund.

Guidance

1.

Rule 12.2.1 requires the Fund Manager to manage the Fund in accordance with the Fund's Constitution and its most recent Prospectus and to perform the functions conferred on it by the Constitution, these Rules and FSMR. In doing so, the Fund Manager is required under this Rule to comply with any conditions

33

FUNDS VER10.100625

or restrictions on its Financial Services Permission as well as any limitations or requirements imposed by or under these Rules and FSMR.

2.

Fund Managers must establish and maintain systems and controls including but not limited to financial and risk controls to ensure sound management of the Fund in accordance with the Fund's Constitution and its most recent Prospectus, taking due account of the risks to which the Fund may be exposed, due to the nature, scale and complexity of the Fund's investments and operations.

3.

The requirements in this Chapter apply to Foreign Fund Managers in the same manner as they apply to Authorised Fund Managers of Domestic Funds, unless otherwise provided. Foreign Fund Managers and Foreign Funds attract additional requirements, which are set out in Chapter 7.

4.

This Chapter sets out more detailed obligations of the Fund Manager and, where appointed, the Trustee of a Fund with regard to:

a.

Fund Manager and Trustee general duties and functions;

b.

Duties relating to Fund Property;

c.

Conflicts of interests;

d.

Valuation of Fund;

e.

Determination of single price;

f.

Issue and redemption of Units;

g.

Unitholder register;

h.

Meetings of Governing Body and Unitholders;

i.

Approvals and notifications;

j.

Maintenance of records;

k.

Capital;

l.

Delegations and outsourcing; and

m.

Charges and expenses.

12.2

Fund Manager and Trustee general duties and functions

12.2.1

(1) A Fund Manager shall:

(a)

manage the Fund including the Fund Property in accordance with the Fund's Constitution and its most recent Prospectus;

(b)

perform the functions conferred on it by the Fund's Constitution and by or under these Rules;

(c)

comply with any conditions or restrictions imposed by the Regulator including those on its Financial Services Permission or in respect of the Fund; and

(d)

comply with any requirements or limitations imposed under these Rules including any limits relating to financial interests it or any of its associates may hold in a Fund, for which it acts as the appointed Fund Manager.

34

FUNDS VER10.100625

12.2.2

(1) In exercising its powers and carrying out its duties, a Fund Manager shall:

(a)

act honestly;

(b)

exercise the degree of care