)

controlled and wholly owned by one or more of the national governments of the six member states of the Gulf Cooperation Council;

(ii)

authorised and supervised by a Financial Services Regulator or Central Bank of at least one of the said national governments; and

40

FUNDS VER10.100625

(iii)

rated or graded as at least "investment grade" by Moody's, Fitch or Standard & Poor's or such other international rating agency as may be recognised by the Regulator; or

(h)

any other legal entity otherwise acceptable to the Regulator:

Use of prime brokers

12.3.9

A Fund Manager of a Fund may only grant to a prime broker authority to combine the assets of the Fund with any other assets held by or available to the prime broker as collateral for any financing activities to be undertaken by the prime broker where, and so long as, all the following conditions are met:

(a)

the Fund is an Exempt Fund or Qualified Investor Fund;

(b)

the Prospectus of the Fund contains, in addition to the disclosure required under Rule 9.5, the following mandatory disclosure and warnings:

(i)

the identity and profile of the prime broker, including where it is located and how it is regulated;

(ii)

the services which the prime broker provides to the Fund and the nature and extent to which the prime broker has the power and authority to combine the assets of the Fund with any other assets held by or available to the prime broker as collateral for any financing activities undertaken by the prime broker; and

(iii)

a prominent warning Unitholders to the fact that:

in the Prospectus to alert prospective

(A)

the Fund's appointed prime broker has the power and authority to use as collateral the assets of the Fund in conjunction with any other assets held by or available to the prime broker; and

(B)

where the prime broker uses Fund assets as collateral pursuant to the above power, the Unitholders may lose all the assets of the Fund in the event of the insolvency of the prime broker; and

(c)

the Person appointed as the prime broker qualifies as an Eligible Custodian.

Guidance

1.

If the prime broker holds the legal title to the Fund assets, the prime broker must, in any event, qualify as an Eligible Custodian. However, even if a prime broker does not hold the legal title to the Fund assets, Rule 12.3.9 requires it to meet the Eligible Custodian requirements in certain circumstances. This is where it has the power to use Fund assets as collateral for its financing activities (e.g. by having a charge over the Fund assets) in conjunction with any other assets held by or available to it.

2.

In relation to the matters referred to in Rules 12.3.8 and 12.3.9 and in relation to management of Fund investments, the Regulator expects Fund Managers of

41

FUNDS VER10.100625

Funds to have proper regard to international developments relating to such Funds.

Risk management

12.3.10 A Fund Manager of a Domestic Fund must ensure that the risks inherent in the operation of a Fund are adequately addressed, with due regard to the nature of the strategies and investment process employed by the Fund Manager and the role of Fund Administrators and Eligible Custodians and where appointed, prime brokers.

(1) The Fund Manager of a Domestic Fund must, to the extent proportionate given the nature of the Domestic Fund and the nature and scale of the Fund Manager, ensure functional and hierarchical separation and independence between:

(a)

the risk management functions (Fund valuation and asset pricing); and

(b)

the portfolio management functions (the investment management process).

(2) Where the Fund Manager is unable to demonstrate adequate separation and independence in accordance with (1), the Regulator may require the Fund Manager to appoint an independent, suitably competent and experienced Fund Administrator to perform the functions specified in (1)(a).

Guidance

1. To provide segregation of the net asset value determination process of the Fund from the investment management process, generally personnel involved in the former should not be involved in the latter. An effective method of achieving such segregation is to delegate the calculation, determination and production of the net asset value to a suitably competent and experienced third party Fund Administrator.

2. Additional risk management requirements applicable to the Fund Manager of a Private Credit Fund are included in Chapter 13A.

