 Manager must:

43

FUNDS VER10.100625

(a)

in the case of an Exempt Fund, if prior Unitholder approval is required pursuant to (4)(b), issue a notice to Unitholders providing details of the results of the Unitholders' voting at the general meeting as soon as practicable after the meeting;

(b)

include a brief summary of the Affected Person Transactions in the Fund's next published interim or annual report; and

(c)

include, in the annual report of the Fund, the total value of any Affected Person Transactions, their nature and the identities of the Affected Persons with whom such Transactions were made. Where there is no such Transaction conducted during the financial year covered by the annual report, an appropriate negative statement to that effect must be made in the annual report.

Best execution and fair allocation

12.3.14 Without limiting the generality of the obligations of the Fund Manager including those in Rules 12.3.11 and 12.3.13, the Fund Manager's systems and controls must include policies and procedures which are designed to ensure that:

(a)

when executing or procuring execution of trades for or on behalf of the Fund, the transactions are executed:

(i)

as soon as reasonably practicable after a decision to effect a transaction has been made; and

(ii)

on the best terms available at the time of dealing;

(b)

where the Fund Manager undertakes investment transactions for or on behalf of a Fund which it operates and one or more other Funds or Clients, there is timely and fair allocation of trades to each Fund and Client;

(c)

trading of the investment portfolio forming part of the Fund Property is not excessive in light of the Fund's investment objective as stated in its Constitution and the most recently issued Prospectus; and

(d)

any underwriting arrangements it undertakes are carried out in the best interest of the Fund.

Guidance

1.

For the purposes of (a), a Fund Manager's procedures should take into account matters such as the market in which the trade is to be executed, the kind and size of the transaction concerned and type of services provided by the executing broker that has been selected. A Fund Manager's procedures should be adequate to demonstrate that when the transaction was executed, it was done at the best price available. For this purpose, a Fund Manager may require a print out of a computer screen containing information about the price available at the time of the execution to be maintained.

2.

For the purposes of (b), a Fund Manager should have a policy in place which demonstrates how it achieves timely and fair allocation of trades. For

44

FUNDS VER10.100625

example, where a Fund Manager places an order on behalf of a number of Funds it operates, its policy should state the basis of allocation of trades to each Fund and, where any deviation from that policy occurs, record the reasons for such deviations.

3.

For the purposes of (c), a Fund Manager's policies and procedures should encompass requirements such as maintenance of sufficient records to demonstrate that any brokerage, commissions or other benefits directly or indirectly derived from any transactions it has undertaken on behalf of the Fund are not unusual, when considered in light of industry practice. However, where there are other requirements relating to disclosure of benefits, a Fund Manager should comply with those requirements separately, as maintenance of records for the purposes of this Rule may not be sufficient to discharge those obligations.

4.

For the purposes of (d), where a Fund Manager seeks to underwrite or participate in an initial public offering, its policies should ensure that it does not do so in a manner that is in any way detrimental to the Fund. The Fund Manager will also need to ensure that the best execution obligations under (a) are met.

12.4

Valuation of Fund Property

12.4.1

(1) A Fund Manager must:

(a)

have comprehensive and well documented valuation policies and procedures in place to ensure the production of timely and accurate valuation of Fund Property;

(b)

ensure that the Fund Property is valued at regular intervals as appropriate to the nature of the Fund, market practice and investor expectations, and in accordance with the valuation procedures set out in the Fund's Constitution and/or Prospectus, except where such valuation is suspended in any circumstances that are set out in the Fund's Constitution and/or Prospectus;

(c)

prepare, or cause to be prepared, a valuation in accordance with (