GM Climate Transition Fund must ensure that the investment restrictions of the Fund as stated in its Constitution and/or most recently published Prospectus require:

(a)

Fund Property to comprise predominantly Eligible Climate Transition Fund Property; and

(b)

a restriction on investment in Fund Property that is inconsistent with the overall climate transition objectives of the Fund.

This requirement is referred to as the “Climate Transition Fund Investment Requirement”.

93

FUNDS VER10.100625

Guidance

The Climate Transition Fund Investment Requirement will not be considered to be breached if Fund Property includes cash or other liquid assets held temporarily pending investment or reinvestment, or for the purposes of managing redemptions or distributions.

20.3.3

An asset is Eligible Climate Transition Fund Property if it is:

(a)

aligned with an Acceptable Climate Transition Taxonomy or equivalent, provided that only one Acceptable Climate Transition Taxonomy is used by an ADGM Climate Transition Fund;

(b)

a Security issued in accordance with the:

(i)

ICMA Green Bond Principles;

(ii)

ICMA Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles;

(iii)

EU Green Bond Standard; or

(iv)

Climate Bonds Initiative.

and compliance with which is subject to third party assurance, independent verification or equivalent assessment:

(c)

a Security included in or that otherwise tracks an EU Climate Transition Benchmark;

(d)

a Share or Debenture issued or otherwise provided by an entity that in the reasonable opinion of the Fund Manager:

(i)

has published a credible net zero emissions targets and strategies; and

(ii)

is on course to meet the net zero emissions targets; or

(e)

an intended to facilitate the transition of real estate or infrastructure assets to become more environmentally sustainable, in the reasonable opinion of the Fund Manager.

investment

Guidance

1. The Climate Transition Fund Investment Requirement may be met by Eligible Climate Transition Property meeting any one of the criteria in Rules 20.3.3(a) to (e).

2. When considering whether an asset meets the criteria in Rules 20.3.3(a) to (e), a Fund Manager should consider not only the investment in the immediate asset but also any underlying assets. For example, where investing in Units, the Fund Manager should consider whether the underlying assets of the Fund would meet the Climate Transition Fund Investment Requirement.

94

FUNDS VER10.100625

3. Eligible Climate Transition Fund Property may track or be included in one or more EU Climate Transition Benchmarks. For example, a Fund may track or include securities from multiple EU Climate Transition Benchmarks.

4. Where a Fund Manager invests in real estate or infrastructure to facilitate their transition to become more sustainable pursuant to Rule 20.3.3(e), it should select third party metrics to help measure the progress of those assets in achieving that sustainability objective. For example, an ADGM Climate Transition Fund investing in real estate may measure the transition of its assets to becoming more sustainable using the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) rating system. Progress against those metrics should be disclosed to investors periodically, including in the annual report.

5. An asset should be subject to ongoing assessment to ensure it meets the criteria in Rule 20.3.3. For example, a green bond that fails to retain the positive opinion of a third party following its post-issuance review should be reassessed by the Fund Manager in terms of whether it can still be considered Eligible Climate Transition Fund Property. A Fund Manager should document its considerations regarding ongoing assessment of the appropriateness of classifying assets as Eligible Climate Transition Fund Property. The Fund Manager of an ADGM Climate Transition Fund must keep records of the due diligence process it has undertaken to assess whether an investment meets the Climate Transition Fund Investment Requirement at the time of acquisition and on an ongoing basis.

5. An asset should be subject to ongoing assessment to ensure it meets the criteria in Rule 20.3.3. For example, a green bond that fails to retain the positive opinion of a third party following its post-issuance review should be reassessed by the Fund Manager in terms of whether it can still be considered Eligible Climate Transition Fund Property. A Fund Manager should document its considerations regarding ongoing assessment of the appropriateness of classifying assets as Eligible Climate Transition Fund Property. The Fund Manager of an ADGM Climate Transition Fund must keep records of the due diligence process it has undertaken to assess whether an investment meets the Climate Transition Fund Investment Requirement