 the activities of the Fund.

2.

The Persons providing the oversight function should keep minutes of their meetings and records of their reports and recommendations for a minimum of six years.

Principles and disclosure of interests

13.3.9

Each individual appointed to carry out the oversight function for a Fund, in carrying out his oversight functions, must abide by the four principles set out in Rules 13.3.10 to 13.3.13. These principles apply:

(a)

in the case of an Oversight Committee referred to in Rule 13.3.2(a), to each member of that Committee; and

(b)

where a Trustee or Eligible Custodian is appointed for providing the oversight function for a Fund, to each individual responsible for carrying out the oversight function for the Fund.

Guidance

1.

The principles do not apply to an individual in respect of any other functions he may carry out, although his conduct in those functions may be relevant to his fitness and propriety.

2.

Breaching a principle makes an individual liable to disciplinary action and may indicate that he is no longer fit and proper to perform an oversight function and the Regulator may consider exercising its power under Rule 13.3 hereof to object to the appointment and require the Fund Manager to appoint a replacement.

3.

The onus will be on the Regulator to show that he is culpable, taking into account the standard of conduct required under the principle in question. In determining whether or not the particular conduct of an individual complies with the principles, the Regulator will take into account whether that conduct is consistent with the requirements and standards relevant to an individual's role and the information available to him.

Principle 1 - Integrity

13.3.10 An individual must observe high standards of integrity and fair dealing in carrying out every oversight function and disclose to the Oversight Committee or the senior persons responsible within the Trustee or Eligible Custodian for the discharge of the oversight function any direct or indirect financial interest that he has or is likely to have in a matter that is being considered, or about to be considered by that committee or those persons if his interest could conflict with the proper performance of his duties in relation to the consideration of the matter.

64

FUNDS VER10.100625

Principle 2 – Due skill, care and diligence

13.3.11 An individual must act with due skill, care and diligence in carrying out every oversight

function.

Principle 3 – Market conduct

13.3.12 An individual must observe proper standards of conduct in financial markets in

carrying out every oversight function.

Principle 4 – Relations with the Regulator

13.3.13 An individual must deal with the Regulator in an open and co-operative manner and must disclose appropriately any information of which the Regulator would reasonable be expected to be notified.

Systems and controls relating to oversight

13.3.14

(1) Without limiting the generality of the obligation under Rule 13.3 and any requirements relating to systems and controls set out in these Rules, the systems and controls established and maintained by the Fund Manager must be adequate to ensure that the Persons providing the oversight function:

(a)

have adequate resources and access to accurate, timely and comprehensive information relating to the management of the Fund to be able to effectively monitor and assess the matters specified in Rule 13.3.5(a) and (b); and

(b)

can report any actual or suspected compliance breaches or inadequacies that are identified by such Persons to the Fund Manager as required under Rule 13.3.5(c) and, for this purpose, have recourse to the Fund Manager's Governing Body or any other relevant committee established by that Governing Body where relevant.

(2) The Fund Manager must also ensure that its systems and controls make provision to enable:

(a)

the Compliance Officer to have unrestricted access to the Persons providing the oversight function and, to their reports and recommendations;

(b)

the Fund Manager to promptly act upon and remedy, to the satisfaction of the Persons providing the oversight function, any matter identified and reported to it by such Persons; and

(c)

the Persons providing the oversight function to report to the Regulator of any compliance breaches or inadequacies that are reported to the Fund Manager which are not remedied within the period specified in Rule 13.3.5(d).

(3) The monitoring and reporting processes and