 Fund Manager's pricing methodology and operation, and to ensure that the likelihood of incorrect prices will be minimised.

23.

The Persons providing the oversight function should carry out a thorough review of the Fund Manager's overall system for pricing. This should include an analysis of the controls in place to determine the extent to which reliance can be placed on them. This review should be carried out at the start of the appointment of a Person who will provide oversight functions, and also when major changes are made by the Fund Manager to its system. On an ongoing basis, the systems should be kept under review to ensure that a series of minor changes do not, over a period of time, have a significant effect on the integrity of the systems.

24.

The Persons providing oversight functions should conduct a review at least annually to confirm that the Fund Manager's systems and controls are satisfactory. This will need to be more frequent where the oversight arrangement knows or suspects that the Fund Manager's systems and controls and are weak and unsatisfactory. The Persons providing oversight functions should ensure that any issues which are identified are properly followed up and resolved. Additionally, the Persons providing oversight functions should carry out a review of the valuation of the property of each Fund for which it is responsible, at least annually, which verifies, on a sample basis if necessary, the assets, liabilities, accruals, Units in issue, and any other relevant matters, for example, an accumulation factor or a currency conversion factor.

25. Where the Fund Manager's systems are manual, or have been installed or amended recently and are therefore unproven, the level of checking will need to be increased accordingly. This will also be necessary where a number of instances of incorrect pricing have previously been identified. Incorrect pricing

26.

The Fund Manager should record each instance where the Unit price is incorrect and, as soon as the error is discovered, report the fact to the Persons providing oversight functions together with details of the action taken, or to be taken, to avoid repetition.

27.

The Fund Manager and the Persons providing the oversight function should, if they become aware, report material instances of incorrect pricing to the Regulator as provided in the Rules. Materiality should be determined by taking into account a number of factors, including whether the Fund Manager has followed the pricing controls set out in this guidance.

28.

The significance of any breakdown in management controls or other checking procedures should also be taken into account. The significance of any failure

110

FUNDS VER10.100625

of systems should be considered. This may include situations where inadequate back-up arrangements exist. The duration of an error should also be taken into account; the longer an error persists, the more likely that it will have a material effect on a price.

29.

The level of compensation paid to Unitholders, and the Fund Manager's ability (or otherwise) to meet claims for compensation in full, may also be relevant.

30.

The Fund Manager should also report to the Regulator forthwith any instance of incorrect pricing where the error is greater than 0.5% of the price of a Unit, but where the Fund Manager and the Persons providing the oversight function believe that compensation is inappropriate and should not be paid by the Fund Manager.

31.

The Trustee or the Persons providing oversight functions, in their reports, should summarise the number of instances of incorrect pricing during a particular period. This should include the number of errors which were greater than 0.5% of the price of a Unit and the number of errors which were less than 0.5% of the price of a Unit where the Trustee or the Persons providing the oversight function did not consider the Fund Manager's controls to be adequate.

Action to be taken as regards compensation for incorrect pricing.

32. Where the price of any Unit of a Fund is found to be incorrect by less than 0.5% compensation to Unitholders will not normally be required, unless the oversight arrangement decides otherwise.

33. Where the dealing price of any Unit of a Fund is found to be incorrect by 0.5% or more of the price of a Unit of a Fund, compensation to Unitholders will normally be required. If, exceptionally, the Trustee or the Persons providing the oversight function consider that compensation is inappropriate, he will need to report the matter to the Regulator, together with his recommendation and justification. Property Fund Valuation function.

Valuation function

33.

The Fund Manager