 and enable the Fund Manager to

74

FUNDS VER10.100625

reduce significant concentrations, relative to the internal risk limits, and specific risks when necessary;

(e)

requires scenario analysis exercises to be undertaken at least annually and incorporates material risks including yield curve exposure and basis risks; and

(f)

must be undertaken by qualified personnel not involved in the investment management process of the Private Credit Fund.

13A.7.2

The Regulator may direct the Fund Manager of a Private Credit Fund to conduct more frequent stress testing and scenario analysis.

13A.7.3

The results of stress testing and scenario analysis performed in accordance with Rules 13A.7.1 and 13A.7.2 must be reported without undue delay, to the Governing Body of the Fund Manager.

Guidance

1.

The periodic stress testing and scenario analysis required by Rule 13A.7.1 should be viewed as a minimum standard. The Fund Manager of a Private Credit Fund should consider the fund’s complexity, liquidity and risk profile when considering the frequency of stress testing and scenario analysis or, should a material risk be identified, whether ad hoc stress testing and scenario analysis should be undertaken.

2.

Scenario analysis may reflect historical or hypothetical scenarios and should, at a minimum, address scenarios where:

a. severe economic or market events have occurred;

b. broad market liquidity has decreased significantly;

c. a large financial intermediary is liquidating positions and

d. the Private Credit Fund is required to liquidate assets during a period of

extreme market stress.

14.

REQUIREMENTS SPECIFIC TO EXEMPT FUNDS

14.1

Meeting the conditions to be classified as an Exempt Fund

Guidance

1.

If an Exempt Fund can no longer meet the relevant conditions set out in Rule 3.3.3 to be classified as an Exempt Fund, the Fund Manager of that Fund is required, under Section 112 of FSMR, to apply for the winding up of that Fund. Alternatively, the Fund Manager may have that Fund moved to the classification of a Public Fund, which requires the satisfaction of the requirements and formalities specific to that type of Fund. An Exempt Fund may also, if it wishes to, convert to a Qualified Investor Fund provided it meets the conditions applicable to a Qualified Investor Fund in Rule 3.3.4.

75

FUNDS VER10.100625

2.

In addition to the requirements specific to Exempt Funds, such a Fund must also meet, except where otherwise provided, the other requirements that are common to all Domestic Funds, which are set out in Rules 11 and 12 of these Rules.

3.

Units of Exempt Funds can only be Offered by way of Private Placement and to Professional Clients, but must meet the additional criterion of a minimum subscription test of US$50,000. The definition of Professional Client is set out in Rule 1.2.1.

4.

Generally a firm will not be able to undertake mass marketing activities relating to Units of Exempt Funds because such marketing would not meet the Private Placement requirement, and would be likely to amount to a public offer, which can only be made in respect of a Unit of a Public Fund.

14.1.1

(1) A Fund may be classified as an Exempt Fund only if it fulfils the criteria in Rule 3.3.3 at the inception of the Fund and on an on-going basis.

(2) A Fund Manager must ensure that a Fund which is or is intended to be established and operated as an Exempt Fund meets the criteria in Rule 3.3.3 both at the inception of the Fund and on an on-going basis.

(3) For the purposes of (2), where a Fund Manager makes arrangements with other Authorised Persons or Persons in other jurisdictions to Offer to issue or sell the Units of an Exempt Fund, then it must take reasonable steps to ensure that those Authorised Persons or other Persons do not Offer to issue or sell the Units in a manner that would result in a breach of the criteria in Rule 3.3.3.

(4) As soon as a Fund Manager becomes aware that an Exempt Fund it manages no longer meets or is likely to not meet the criteria in Rule 3.3.3, it must immediately:

(a)

commence proceedings relating to the winding up of the Fund,