eder Fund(s)

structure in which:

(a)

each Feeder Fund invests in a Master Fun as described in 2(b); and

(b)

the Master Fund meets the requirement of (1)(a),(b), (c) and (d).

Private Credit Fund

4.1.7

A Fund is a Private Credit Fund if:

(a)

it is a Domestic Fund that is either an Exempt Fund or a Qualified Investor Fund;

(b)

it is managed by an Authorised Fund Manager;

(c)

it is closed-ended; and

(d)

its operations are limited to:

(i)

investment in Credit Facilities, whether by origination, purchase or participation;

(ii)

activities related to (i), including investment in the equity of a legal entity to which the Private Credit Fund lends or the Group to which it belongs; and

11

FUNDS VER10.100625

(iii)

the holding of Financial Instruments for the purposes of cash management or hedging.

Guidance

1. A Venture Capital Fund may not be a Private Credit Fund.

2. A Private Credit Fund may hold assets other than those described in Rule 4.1.7(d) when held in conjunction with a Credit Facility the Private Credit Fund has invested in, such as assets over which the Private Credit Fund has enforced collateral security it holds.

3. A Fund which holds Specified Investments for the purposes of investment, cash management or hedging which does not enter into Credit Facilities for the purpose of extending Credit is not a Private Credit Fund.

ADGM Green Fund

4.1.8

A Fund is an ADGM Green Fund only if it complies with the ADGM Green Fund Rules, as set out in Part 8 of these Rules.

ADGM Climate Transition Fund

4.1.9

A Fund is an ADGM Climate Transition Fund only if it complies with the ADGM Climate Transition Rules, as set out in Part 8 of these Rules.

Guidance

1. A Fund may only be referred to as an ADGM Green Fund or an ADGM Climate Transition Fund if it meets the criteria referred to in Rule 4.1.8 or Rule 4.1.9 and if the Fund Manager has made the required notifications to, or been granted the relevant approval by, the Regulator. Chapter 20 of this Rulebook contains detailed Rules concerning ADGM Green Funds and ADGM Climate Transition Funds.

2. A Fund that follows an environmentally-conscious investment strategy is not required to become an ADGM Green Fund or an ADGM Climate Transition Fund. However, only those Funds which meet all of the relevant criteria may use the terms “ADGM Green Fund” or “ADGM Climate Transition Fund” respectively and any related designation marks in related documentation and promotional materials.

5.

EXCLUDED OFFERS

5.1

Excluded transactions and offers

5.1.1

The activities specified in Rules 5.1.2, 5.1.3 and 5.1.4 are hereby prescribed as not constituting an Offer, of a Unit, for the purposes of FSMR and these Rules.

5.1.2

A Person does not make an Offer of a Unit by offering to sell or transfer a Unit that is owned by that Person if the offer to sell or transfer:

(a)

is capable of acceptance only by the Person to whom that offer is made; and

12

FUNDS VER10.100625

(b)

is not made by way of a financial promotion as defined in Schedule 2 of FSMR.

Guidance

While a Person who makes personal offers of the kind referred to in Rule 5.1.2 does not attract the Prospectus disclosure obligations in these Rules, if that Person frequently sells Units held by him, he would be likely to be 'Dealing in Investments as Principal'. As a result, such a Person would need to be licensed. Similarly, a Person who obtains Units for the purposes of secondary sales would be likely to be regarded as making those sales "by way of business" and would thus trigger the need to be licensed.

5.1.3

(1) A Person does not make an Offer of a Unit if that Person is an Authorised Person and it undertakes a Transaction in relation to a Unit of a Fund if the Transaction is:

(a)

an Execution-Only Transaction undertaken for or on behalf of a Client;

(b)

a