 the criteria in Rule 20.3.3. For example, a green bond that fails to retain the positive opinion of a third party following its post-issuance review should be reassessed by the Fund Manager in terms of whether it can still be considered Eligible Climate Transition Fund Property. A Fund Manager should document its considerations regarding ongoing assessment of the appropriateness of classifying assets as Eligible Climate Transition Fund Property. The Fund Manager of an ADGM Climate Transition Fund must keep records of the due diligence process it has undertaken to assess whether an investment meets the Climate Transition Fund Investment Requirement at the time of acquisition and on an ongoing basis.

The Climate Transition Fund Attestation Requirement

20.3.5

Subject to Rule 20.3.9, where an ADGM Climate Transition Fund invests in assets aligned with an Acceptable Climate Transition Taxonomy as Eligible Climate Transition Fund Property pursuant to Rule 20.3.3(a), the Fund Manager must appoint a third party to attest to its compliance with the Climate Transition Fund Investment Requirement on an ongoing basis and at least annually in relation to that part of the Eligible Climate Transition Fund Property. This is referred to as the “Climate Transition Fund Attestation Requirement”.

Guidance

Under Rule 20.3.9, the Climate Transition Fund Attestation Requirement does not apply in relation to the Eligible Climate Transition Fund Property of the kind set out at Rules 20.3.3(b) to (e).

20.3.6

A Fund Manager must, prior to the appointment of a third party to provide an attestation under Rule 20.3.5, take reasonable steps to ensure that the third party:

(a)

has the required skills, resources and experience to provide the attestation;

(b)

is independent of, and not subject to any conflict of interest with, the Fund Manager, the investment advisor and the Trustee of the Fund (where appointed); and

95

FUNDS VER10.100625

(c)

has been provided with all documents, records and information necessary to give the attestation pursuant to Rule 20.3.7.

Guidance

The Fund Manager of an ADGM Climate Transition Fund which is a Qualified Investor Fund may itself provide the attestation required by Rule 20.3.5, pursuant to Rule 20.3.9.

20.3.7

A Fund Manager must ensure that an attestation obtained for the purposes of the Climate Transition Fund Attestation Requirement is addressed to and may be relied upon by the Fund. The attestation must specify that:

(a)

during the period reviewed, the investment restrictions of the Fund have been adhered to and have met the Climate Transition Fund Investment Requirement; and

(b)

as at the date of the attestation, the Fund meets Climate Transition Fund Investment Requirement.

Guidance

An attestation obtained for the purposes of the Climate Transition Fund Attestation Requirement should include the following statement:

“We attest that, as regards the [insert name of Fund] of [insert name of Fund Manager] (the Fund):

(i)

during the period reviewed, the investment restrictions of the Fund, as stated in its Constitution and/or most recently published Prospectus, have been adhered to and have met the Climate Transition Fund Investment Requirement; and

(ii)

as at the date of the attestation, the Fund meets the Climate Transition Fund Investment Requirement.”

20.3.8

The Fund Manager of an ADGM Climate Transition Fund must include a copy of the attestation statement described in Rule 20.3.7 in the ADGM Climate Transition Fund’s annual report as per Rule 16.4.1.

Ability of the Fund Manager to Provide Attestation Statement

20.3.9

The Fund Manager of an ADGM Climate Transition Fund that is a Qualified Investor Fund may elect to either appoint a third party to attest to its compliance with the Climate Transition Fund Investment Requirement or provide the attestation itself.

20.3.10

The Fund Manager of an ADGM Climate Transition Fund must:

(a)

disclose in the Fund’s Prospectus how it assesses, measures and monitors how Fund Property will meet the criteria in Rules 20.3.3(a) to (e) and the climate transition investment objectives of the Fund;

96

FUNDS VER10.100625

(b)

ensure it assesses, measures and monitors how Fund Property meets the