 of the participants in the arrangement is a person:

(i)

whose ordinary business involves him engaging in an activity that is a Regulated Activity as defined in Schedule 1 of FSMR or that would fall within an applicable exclusion from a Regulated Activity; and

(ii)

whose rights or interests in the arrangement are, or include, rights or interests in a swap arrangement under which he facilitates the making of payments to participants whether in a particular amount or currency or at a particular time or rate of interest or all or any combination of those things in settlement of the rights and interests of the other participants in the arrangement.

Insurance

2.1.12

An arrangement does not constitute a Fund if it is a Contract of Insurance.

Profit Sharing Investment Accounts

2.1.13

An arrangement does not constitute a Fund if it is an account or portfolio which is a Profit Sharing Investment Account.

Discretionary Portfolio Accounts

2.1.14

An arrangement does not constitute a Fund if it is a portfolio or account managed under a Discretionary Portfolio Management Agreement.

4

FUNDS VER10.100625

Close Relative accounts

2.1.15

An arrangement does not constitute a Fund if every participant in the arrangement is a Close Relative. For the purposes of this Rule, the defined term "Close Relative" includes grandchildren.

Sukuks

2.1.16

An arrangement does not constitute a Fund if the rights or interests of the participants are evidenced by sukuk certificates where the holders of the certificates are entitled to rely on the credit worthiness of:

(a)

the issuer of the sukuk certificates; or

(b)

any other Person who has assumed obligations under the sukuk certificates,

for obtaining their rights and benefits arising under the certificates.

Employee reward schemes

2.1.17

An arrangement does not constitute a Fund if the arrangement is for the purposes of enabling or facilitating the operation of an employee compensation or reward scheme where the arrangement:

(a)

makes Securities available only to:

(i)

an Employee or former Employee of the Issuer or of another member of the same Group as the Issuer; or

(ii)

a Close Relative of any such Employee; and

(b)

is operated by the Issuer or by a member of the same Group as the Issuer or by a trustee who, in pursuance of the arrangements, holds the Securities issued by the Issuer for the benefit of any eligible Persons referred to in Rule 2.1.17(a)(i) or (ii).

Carried interest vehicles

2.1.18

An arrangement does not constitute a Fund if it is a carried interest vehicle which is established solely for the purposes of enabling officers, directors or employees of a Fund Manager, or related persons, to participate in carried interest or similar profit generated by one or more Funds.

Private Financing Platforms

2.1.19

An arrangement does not constitute a Fund if it is an arrangement made for the purpose of facilitating investment through a Private Financing Platform.

5

FUNDS VER10.100625

3.

FUND CRITERIA

3.1

Domestic and Foreign Funds

3.1.1

(1) A Fund is either a Domestic Fund or a Foreign Fund.

(2) A Fund is a Domestic Fund if it is established or domiciled in ADGM.

(3) A Fund that does not meet the Domestic Fund criteria is a Foreign Fund.

3.2

Types of Domestic Funds

3.2.1

(1) A Domestic Fund shall be one of the following types of Fund:

(a)

a Public Fund;

(b)

an Exempt Fund; or

(c)

a Qualified Investor Fund.

(2) The types of Fund set out above are listed in terms of the level of regulation (from most intensively regulated to least intensively regulated).

(3) The Regulator may treat any type of Domestic Fund as a specialist class of a Domestic Fund pursuant to Rule 4 hereof.

3.3

Domestic Fund criteria

3.3.1

(1) A Domestic Fund shall be constituted as a Public Fund if:

(a)

some or all of its Units are or will be offered to investors by way of a public offer; or

(b)

its Unitholders include Retail Clients.

3.3.2

(1) A Domestic Fund may be constituted either as an Exempt Fund or as a Qualified Investor Fund but only