 Fund may elect to either appoint a third party to attest to its compliance with the Climate Transition Fund Investment Requirement or provide the attestation itself.

20.3.10

The Fund Manager of an ADGM Climate Transition Fund must:

(a)

disclose in the Fund’s Prospectus how it assesses, measures and monitors how Fund Property will meet the criteria in Rules 20.3.3(a) to (e) and the climate transition investment objectives of the Fund;

96

FUNDS VER10.100625

(b)

ensure it assesses, measures and monitors how Fund Property meets the criteria in Rules 20.3.3(a) to (e) and the climate transition investment objectives of the Fund; and

(c)

disclose in its annual report the Fund Property’s progress over the applicable period in helping to achieve the climate transition objectives of the Fund.

Guidance

1. A Fund Manager should include in its due diligence relevant to Rule 20.3.3(d) whether the relevant entity’s net zero emissions target has been validated under the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi). Failure to obtain validation under the SBTi or equivalent framework should be considered as reducing the likelihood that the entity has a credible net zero target.

2. A Fund holding Shares and Debentures in accordance with Rule 20.3.3(d) should identify such Shares and Debentures in the Fund’s annual report.

3. The Fund Manager of an ADGM Climate Transition Fund which has invested in real estate or infrastructure assets should include in the Fund’s annual report:

a. the third-party sustainability metrics against which the progress of those real estate or infrastructure assets in becoming more environmentally sustainable has been measured;

b. the timeframe for improvement relied upon by the Fund when making the

investment in such real estate and infrastructure assets; and

c. actual progress of the real estate or infrastructure assets against the

relevant sustainability metrics identified in the annual report.

Systems and Controls

20.3.11

The internal audit or compliance function of the Fund Manager of a Public Fund which is an ADGM Climate Transition Fund must, at least annually, review the Fund’s systems and controls to ensure ongoing compliance with the Climate Transition Fund Investment Requirement.

20.4

ADGM Green Fund Designation or ADGM Climate Transition Fund Designation

20.4.1

A Fund Manager must not promote a Fund as an ADGM Green Fund or ADGM Climate Transition Fund unless it has been granted an ADGM Green Fund Designation or ADGM Climate Transition Fund Designation, as applicable, for that Fund from the Regulator.

20.4.2

The notification or application required for the grant of the relevant designation must be made in such form as the Regulator may prescribe.

20.4.3

A Qualified Investor Fund or Exempt Fund intending to market an ADGM Green Fund or an ADGM Climate Transition Fund must:

97

FUNDS VER10.100625

(a)

provide written notice using the prescribed form to the Regulator prior to commencing the marketing of such Fund; and

(b)

provide a certification by the Fund Manager that the Fund intends to comply with the ADGM Green Fund Rules or ADGM Climate Transition Fund Rules.

20.4.4

Upon receipt of written notification in accordance with Rule 20.4.3, the Regulator will grant the Fund an ADGM Green Fund Designation or ADGM Climate Transition Fund Designation and publish the name and details of the Fund on a list of ADGM Green Funds or ADGM Climate Transition Funds maintained by the Regulator on its website.

20.4.5

A Public Fund intending to operate as an ADGM Green Fund or an ADGM Climate Transition Fund must apply for the grant of an ADGM Green Fund Designation or ADGM Climate Transition Fund Designation by providing the Regulator with:

(a)

information on the investment restrictions, objectives and policy of the Fund relevant to the requirements of the ADGM Green Fund Rules or ADGM Climate Transition Funds Rules;

(b)

a statement by the Fund Manager to the effect that:

(i)

the investment objectives of the Fund as stated in its Constitution and/or the Prospectus meet with the Green Fund Investment Requirement or Climate Transition Fund Investment Requirement prescribed under these Rules; and

(ii)

the Fund will comply with the operational requirements of the ADGM Green Fund Rules or ADGM Climate Transition Fund Rules,

in addition to all other information