 as submitted until the fee and any supplementary fee has been paid in full.

1.2.2

In regard to fees payable pursuant to chapter 3:

(a)

the initial annual fee must be paid in full to the DFSA within 21 days of the date on which the Licence, Recognition or registration is granted or notification made, unless otherwise specified in a Rule; and

(b)

subsequent annual fees are payable in advance and must be paid in full to the DFSA:

(i)

in the case of a Person other than a Registered Auditor, on or before 1 January of the calendar year to which the fee relates;

(ii)

in the case of a Registered Auditor, on or before 31 March of the calendar year to which the fee relates; and

(iii)

in the case of a Passported Fund, on or before the anniversary of the date of notification.

Guidance

In regard to the payment of subsequent annual fees, invoices will be issued at least 21 days before the specified date for payment.

1.2.3

In respect of a fee payable pursuant to chapter 5, payment must be made to the DFSA by the Bidder:

(a)

at the time of filing of the Bid Document with the DFSA; and

(b)

before the document is posted.

Guidance

If a fee under chapter 5 is not paid by the date on which it becomes due, the Person is in breach of a Rule and the DFSA is entitled to take action including, but not limited to, taking

1

FER/VER33/07-25

1.2.4

1.2.5

1.2.6

1.2.7

FEES MODULE (FER)

steps to suspend or cancel listing.

If a fee is payable under chapter 6 for an application, notification or request, the application, notification or request will not be regarded as submitted until the fee has been paid in full.

[Deleted]

Reduction, waiver or refund of fees

The DFSA may reduce, waive or refund all or part of any fee if it considers that, in the exceptional circumstances of a particular case, it would be equitable to do so.

Supplementary fees

(1)

The DFSA may require a Person to pay to the DFSA a supplementary fee in circumstances where it expects to incur substantial additional costs in dealing with an application, notification or conducting ongoing supervision.

(2)

The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law apply to a decision of the DFSA to require a Person to pay a supplementary fee.

(3)

If the DFSA decides to require a Person to pay a supplementary fee, the Person may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

(4)

If the DFSA requires a supplementary fee to be paid, it must issue an invoice to the Person concerned and the Person must pay the fee by the date specified in the invoice.

Guidance

1.

The application and annual fees already include an element for specified complexity and other circumstances meriting an appropriate increase to the basic fee. However, if, in the DFSA’s opinion, the reasonably estimated cost of dealing with a matter (based on the time likely to be spent on it) is likely to exceed the amount provided for in these Rules, the DFSA may impose a supplementary fee to cover the additional time it reasonably expects to spend on the matter. Such circumstances could include, for example:

a.

complex applications by reason of the applicant’s start-up profile, origin, ownership structure or proposed business model;

b.

cases where it may be necessary to conduct intense supervisory scrutiny of an entity from a risk perspective;

c.

novel proposals and applications that cover untested ground or untested areas of the regulatory regime;

d.

if a transaction or event involving a Listed Entity, such as an acquisition, disposal, takeover, merger or significant corporate event, is likely to cause the DFSA to incur substantial additional costs; or

e.

if the DFSA is likely to spend significant time on an issue affecting a Recognised Person, such as if the DFSA has to liaise with its home supervisor or carry out additional supervisory scrutiny of the Person.

2

FER/VER33/07-25

1.2.8

1.2.9

FEES MODULE (FER)

2.

The purpose of the supplementary fee is to enable the DFSA to cover its costs for