 solely for that purpose.

(2)

Any other materially significant changes not falling within Article 35(1), such as replacing a member of the Shari’a Supervisory Board or changes to the Constitution or Prospectus, which may adversely affect the Unitholders may be made in relation to a Fund if an appropriate ordinary resolution has been passed by a simple majority of the Unitholders at a meeting convened for that purpose.

(3)

If the Fund Manager and if appointed, the Trustee, consider on reasonable grounds that the change is not one that falls within Article 35(1) or (2) and will not adversely affect Unitholders’ rights, such change may be made by the Fund Manager without recourse to the Unitholders other than to notify them after the change has been effected.

(4)

The DFSA may, by Rules, prescribe:

(a)

further requirements applicable for any changes to the Fund, including the changes referred to in this Article; and

(b)

exemptions from the requirements in this Article.

(5)

The Fund Manager of a Domestic Fund shall give notice in writing to the DFSA of any proposal specified in Article 35(1). Any such notice given to the DFSA shall be accompanied by a certificate signed by the Fund Manager and if appointed, the Trustee, of the Fund to the effect that the proposed change will not affect compliance with this Law or any Rules made under this law.

(6)

Effect is not to be given to any proposal notified to the DFSA under Article 35(5) unless the DFSA has, by notice in writing, given its approval to the proposal.

18

(7)

An approved change must not be made to the trust deed of an Investment Trust except by a deed, expressed to be supplemental to the trust deed, entered into jointly by the Fund Manager and the Trustee.

36.

Grant or rejection of proposed alteration

(1)

The DFSA may approve a proposed alteration if it is satisfied that the requirements in Article 35 have been met.

(2)

The DFSA may refuse to grant approval of a proposed alteration if it is not satisfied that the requirements in Article 35 have been met.

(3)

The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law 2004 apply to a decision of the DFSA under Article 36(2). The DFSA shall give both the Fund Manager and the Trustee (if appointed) the opportunity to make representations under those procedures.

(4)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under Article 36(2), the Fund Manager or the Trustee (if appointed) may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

Chapter 5: Suspension of dealings in an Open-ended Domestic Fund

37.

Suspension of dealings in Units

(1)

The Fund Manager may, in the case of an Open-ended Domestic Fund, temporarily suspend the issue, cancellation, sale and redemption of Units (“dealings in Units”) in the Fund where:

(a)

due to exceptional circumstances it is in the interest of the Unitholders in the Fund to do so; and

(b)

if there is an appointed Trustee:

(i)

it has obtained the prior agreement of the Trustee for the suspension of dealings in Units; or

(ii)

in the event that no agreement can be reached with the Trustee, upon request to the DFSA, the DFSA has issued a stop order under Article 69.

(2)

The Fund Manager shall continue the suspension of dealings in Units only for so long as it reasonably believes that the suspension is in the interests of the Unitholders of the Fund.

(3)

Upon suspension of dealings in Units, the Fund Manager shall, in writing, notify the DFSA immediately, and the Unitholders as soon as practicable, of the suspension and its reasons for doing so.

19

(4)

(5)

This Article and Rules made for the purposes of this Article apply to an Open-ended cell of a Protected Cell Company as if that cell were an Open- ended Fund.

The DFSA may, by Rules, prescribe any additional requirements or matters relating to the suspension of dealings in Units in an Open-ended Domestic Fund.

20

PART 5: GOVERNANCE OF DOMESTIC FUNDS

Chapter 1: Fund’s systems and controls

38.

Systems and controls requirement

(1)

A Fund Manager of a Domestic Fund shall establish