 the Fund Manager and the Trustee, of that Fund.

(4)

Such an application shall:

(a)

be accompanied by the Fund’s Constitution and Prospectus both of which shall be in accordance with the requirements of this Law and any Rules; and

(b)

comply with any other requirements prescribed by the DFSA in relation to such Funds, including the applications.

14

(5)

The DFSA shall, by Rules, prescribe the requirements which an application for registration must meet before such an application can be accepted by the DFSA.

29.

Providing information in relation to the application

(1)

The DFSA may require the Fund Manager, and if relevant the Trustee, to provide additional information reasonably required for the DFSA to be able to make a decision with regard to the application.

(2)

If, at any time between the filing of an application for registration and the grant of a registration, the Fund Manager or, if appointed, the Trustee becomes aware of any material change, error or omission reasonably likely to be relevant to the application under consideration, it shall inform the DFSA in writing of such change without delay.

30.

Rejection of an application

(1)

The DFSA may refuse to grant an application for registration of a Public Fund if it is not satisfied that the requirements referred to in Article 28 have been met.

(2)

The procedures in Schedule 3 to the Regulatory Law 2004 apply to a decision of the DFSA under Article 30(1).

(3)

If the DFSA decides to exercise its power under Article 30(1), the applicant may refer the matter to the FMT for review.

31.

Granting registration

(1)

The DFSA shall grant the registration to come into effect on a specified date.

(2) Where the DFSA registers a Public Fund, it shall, without undue delay, inform the Fund Manager and, if relevant, the Trustee in writing of:

(a)

that decision; and

(b)

the date on which the registration shall come into effect.

32. Withdrawal of registration

(1)

The DFSA may, subject to Article 32(2), withdraw the registration of a Public Fund where one or more of the following circumstances apply:

(a)

the Fund is not operating or has been wound up;

(b)

any information provided to the DFSA by the Fund Manager or, if appointed, the Trustee, is false or misleading in a material particular or materially misleading;

15

(c)

the Fund Manager or, if appointed, the Trustee has contravened a requirement imposed on it by or under this Law or the Investment Trust Law 2006;

(d)

the Fund Manager or, if appointed, the Trustee or member of the Fund’s Governing Body has not complied with a direction issued by the DFSA under the Law;

(e)

a person other than a member of the Fund’s Governing Body, Shari’a Supervisory Board, the Trustee or a person providing oversight functions is exercising significant influence over the Fund, the Fund Manager or any member of the Fund’s Governing Body;

(f)

the Fund Manager is no longer fit and proper to manage the Fund or is incapable of acting as the Fund Manager of the Fund in compliance with the Law or Rules or the terms of its Constitution;

(g)

the Trustee is no longer fit and proper to act as Trustee of the Fund or is incapable of acting as Trustee of the Fund in compliance with this Law or Rules or the terms of its Constitution and the Investment Trust Law 2006;

(h)

the Fund Manager or, if appointed, the Trustee requests the DFSA to withdraw the registration of the Fund on the grounds that the Unitholders have passed a Special Resolution approving the Fund to be deregistered;

(i)

the Fund Manager is no longer authorised under its Licence to manage the Fund; or

(j)

in the case of a an External Fund Manager, that person ceases to meet the requirements in Article 20(5).

(2)

The DFSA may withdraw the registration of a Fund under Article 32(1) only if it considers that:

(a)

the withdrawal is in the interests of the Unitholders of the Fund; or

(b)

appropriate steps have been taken or may reasonably be taken to protect the interests of the Unitholders.

(3) Where the DFSA has withdrawn, or proposes to withdraw