. If an obligation falls on a calendar day which is either a Saturday or Sunday or an official State holiday in the DIFC, the obligation shall take effect on the next calendar day which is a business day;

(e)

a calendar year shall mean a year of the Gregorian calendar; and

(f)

the masculine gender includes the feminine; and

(g)

any reference to ‘dollars’ or ‘$’ is a reference to United States Dollars.

(2)

The headings in the Law shall not affect its interpretation.

Legislation in the DIFC

References to legislation and Guidance in the Law shall be construed in accordance with the following provisions:

(a)

Federal Law is law made by the federal government of the State;

(b)

Dubai Law is law made by the Ruler, as applicable in the Emirate of Dubai;

(c)

DIFC Law is law made by the Ruler (including, by way of example, the Law), as applicable in the DIFC;

(d)

the Law is the Collective Investment Law 2010 made by the Ruler;

39

3.

(e)

the Rules are legislation made by the DFSA for the purpose of this Law and are binding in nature;

(f)

Guidance is indicative and non-binding and may comprise (i) guidance made and issued by the Chief Executive as notations to the Rules; and (ii) any standard or code of practice issued by the DFSA Board of Directors which has not been incorporated into the Rules; and

(g)

references to “legislation administered by the DFSA” are references to DIFC Law and rules conferring functions and powers on the DFSA.

Defined Terms

In the Law, unless the context indicates otherwise, the defined terms listed below shall have the corresponding meanings:

Terms

Definitions

Authorised Firm

Authorised Market Institution

A person who holds a Licence to carry on one or more Financial Services prescribed pursuant to Article 42(1) of the Regulatory Law 2004, as an Authorised Firm. A person who is licensed by the DFSA in relation to the carrying on of one or more Financial Services prescribed pursuant to Article 42(1) of the Regulatory Law 2004. Has the meaning given in Article 18A(3).

Closed-ended Fund

Collective Investment Fund

Constitution

has the meaning given in Article 11 of this Law subject to any Rules made under Article 12 of this Law. in relation to a Fund:

(a) which is in the form of a body corporate, the

instrument of incorporation;

(b) which is in the form of trust, the trust deed;

and

(c) which is in the form of a partnership, the

partnership deed.

Court

the DIFC Court as established under Dubai Law.

Designated Fund

A Foreign Fund which has been designated by the DFSA under Article 55 of this Law.

DFSA

the Dubai Financial Services Authority.

40

Terms

DFSA Board of Directors

DIFC Domestic Fund

Exempt Fund

External Fund External Fund Manager Financial Markets Tribunal FMT Foreign Fund Fund

Fund Manager Governing Body

Incorporated Cell Company (ICC) Incorporated Cell

Investment

Investment Company

Investment Partnership

Definitions

the governing body of the DFSA established under Chapter 2 of Part 2 of the Regulatory Law 2004.

the Dubai International Financial Centre. has the meaning given in Article 13(2) of this Law

has the meaning given in Article 16(4) of this Law.

has the meaning given in Article 14(1) of this Law. has the meaning given in Article 20(5) of this Law. the Financial Markets Tribunal referred to in Article 26 of the Regulatory Law 2004. the Financial Markets Tribunal has the meaning given in Article 13(3)of this Law a Collective Investment Fund.

Is the person referred to in Article 20(4) of this Law. a person who is, or a body of persons who together form the directing mind of a Fund including but not limited to:

a)

its Fund Manager, a member of its main or supervisory board, a General Partner; or

b)

any other person or body of persons exercising equivalent powers and functions in relation to directing the management and operation of a Fund.

has the meaning given in the DIFC Companies Law or Regulations made for the