 and released onto the FSRA Disclosure Platform, to allow the Listing Authority to review the draft Disclosure. When the Listing Authority has formed the view that the Disclosure is suitable for release, upon the Reporting Entity submitting it into the FSRA Disclosure Platform, the Listing Authority will simultaneously release the relevant Disclosure and its notice formally lifting the Trading Halt or Suspension. 62)

61) At the point in time when the Reporting Entity is in a position to make the Disclosure of the Inside Information (as it relates to paragraph 58c) above), the Listing Authority recommends that the Reporting Entity share the draft Disclosure (that will be the basis for lifting the Trading Halt or Suspension) prior to it being submitted to and released onto the FSRA Disclosure Platform, to allow the Listing Authority to review the draft Disclosure. When the Listing Authority has formed the view that the Disclosure is suitable for release, upon the Reporting Entity submitting it into the FSRA Disclosure Platform, the Listing Authority will simultaneously release the relevant Disclosure and its notice formally lifting the Trading Halt or Suspension. In circumstances where the Reporting Entity does not make the Disclosure of Inside Information by the time stated in its request for a Trading Halt or Suspension,17 the Listing Authority will likely request the Reporting Entity to make a further Disclosure at that time in order to provide an update to the market, including in particular when the Disclosure of Inside Information is expected to be released. It is expected that the Reporting Entity and the Listing Authority will remain in close contact until such time that the Reporting Entity is in a position to make the relevant Disclosure of Inside Information.

It should be noted that a Reporting Entity cannot request trading of a Security to be halted or suspended directly with an RIE. Instead, the process will entail the RIE halting or suspending trading immediately upon receipt of the Listing Authority’s disclosure of a Trading Halt or Suspension of the Listed Entity’s Securities. Similarly, upon receipt from the Listing Authority of the lifting of a Trading Halt or Suspension, the RIE can then reinstate to trading the Listed Entity’s Securities.18

EXEMPTIONS FROM DISCLOSURE OF INSIDE INFORMATION – RULE 7.2.2

64) Rule 7.2.2 provides an exception to the requirements to make a Disclosure under Rule 7.2.1. This exception allows for the non-Disclosure of Inside Information as long as certain criteria, as outlined in Rule 7.2.2, are satisfied. A Reporting Entity must Disclose the Inside Information required by Rule 7.2.1, unless each of the Rules in 7.2.2(1), 7.2.2(2) and 7.2.2(3) are met. For the purposes of falling within the exception under Rule 7.2.2, it is not sufficient to withhold the Disclosure of Inside Information as required by Rule 7.2.1 if only one or two of Rules 7.2.2(1), 7.2.2(2) and 7.2.2(3) are met. TYPES OF INSIDE INFORMATION EXEMPT FROM DISCLOSURE (RULE 7.2.2(1))

65) Rule 7.2.2(1) sets out the different types of Inside Information which may be exempt from Disclosure. The Inside Information need fall within only one of Rule 7.2.2(1)(a) to (e) in order for Rule 7.2.2(1) to be satisfied. In addition, as noted above, to be able to rely on the exception generally in Rule 7.2.2, both of Rules 7.2.2(2) and 7.2.2(3) must also be met. Incomplete matter or negotiation (Rule 7.2.2(1)(a))

66) Rule 7.2.2(1)(a) allows for non-Disclosure by a Reporting Entity of Inside Information that relates to an incomplete matter or negotiation. The Listing Authority considers that:

17 Refer to paragraph 58d) above. 18 For more details on the process and timing’s related to the Trading Halt or Suspension and reinstatement of trading in a Listed Entity’s Securities by an RIE, please refer to the rules, procedures, notices and other relevant communication of the RIE (