 commercially sensitive information that ought not be Disclosed. In such cases, the Disclosure made about the agreement is still required to contain a fair and balanced summary of the full significant terms of the agreement, and any other relevant information relating to the agreement that is Inside Information. A Reporting Entity is, however, not entitled to avoid the Disclosure of commercially sensitive information by characterising it as a trade secret in order to benefit from the provisions of Rule 7.2.2(1)(e). Disclosure headings

129) The FSRA Disclosure Platform Disclosure lodgement screen includes a ‘title’ field where a title for a Reporting Entity’s Disclosure is to be inserted. It is common for a Reporting Entity to insert the heading, or an abridged version of the heading, from the Disclosure document itself as the ‘title header’ for that Disclosure.

130) Reporting Entities need to take care with the title used in a Disclosure. The Listing Authority will generally use the title used in a Disclosure within the FSRA Disclosure Platform as the title of the Disclosure when it is published on the FSRA Public Register (and displayed on RIE members/trading participant trading screens). The title/header will also be distributed to, or may be otherwise be used by, news/media agencies and vendors. Many investors, and market participants, will use this title/header to assess whether they read a Disclosure.

131) The title to a Disclosure should briefly and accurately convey the contents of the Disclosure (for example, ‘Full year profit up by 7%’, ‘Resignation of Chairperson’, ‘Completion of acquisition of ABC Group’, or ‘Closure of Share Purchase Plan’).

132) The title to a Disclosure should also convey a fair and balanced impression of the substance of a Disclosure, so as to not mislead readers as to its contents or significance. For example, the title a Reporting Entity gives to a Disclosure that contains forward looking information (such as earnings guidance) that is speculative, or highly qualified, should not overstate the information that the Disclosure contains. Similarly, a title a Reporting Entity gives to a Disclosure that contains essentially negative Inside Information should not attempt to disguise that fact by picking out a small piece of 38 Where previous Disclosures of the significant agreement have been made, the Disclosure document itself may just include a summary of the key commercial terms of the underlying transaction, a general description of the agreement, and a statement that a copy of the agreement has been separately Disclosed.

27

VER01.280922

positive information and highlighting that positive information in the header of the Disclosure.

133) Most importantly, it is not suitable to ‘hide’ Inside Information in a Disclosure behind an innocuous title, such as ‘CEO’s presentation to XYZ Conference’. Reporting Entities are either to ensure that the title to such a Disclosure identifies the Inside Information (for example, ‘CEO’s presentation and announcement of Strategic Review’), or preferably, discloses the Inside Information in a separate Disclosure. Who can make a Disclosure under Rule 7.2.1

134) Disclosures under Rule 7.2.1 can only be made a Reporting Entity. The Listing Authority cannot, and will not, accept a Disclosure required by Rule 7.2.1 from a third party, such as a security holder, or a former Board member, company secretary or senior manager of the Listed Entity.39 Board approval of Disclosures

135) Consistent with global practice, the Listing Authority is of the view that it is appropriate for some particularly important Disclosures of Inside Information to be considered, and approved, by the Board of a Listed Entity before they are Disclosed.

136) Noting, however, the requirement for a Disclosure of Inside Information to be made immediately, a Reporting Entity/Listed Entity is to have suitable arrangements in place to ensure this requirement can be met. These arrangements may include the Board giving appropriate delegations as needed such that, for example where the Listed Entity is also the Reporting Entity, the senior management of the Listed Entity can make certain Disclosures of their own accord. In circumstances where a Disclosure matter falls outside any applicable delegations, Reporting Entities may wish to ensure that it is able to convene a disclosure committee that can meet on short notice to consider a Disclosure. Disclosure committees often comprise the chairperson of the Board, the CEO, Company Secretary, CFO and the general counsel.

137) Where it is a decision of a Board of the Listed Entity that is to be the subject