 a Listed Entity conducts a significant proportion of its business with privately owned entities, and these arrangements are the subject of confidentiality agreements, the existence of such confidentiality arrangements between the parties does not excuse the Reporting Entity from complying with its Disclosure obligations under the Rules. A Listed Entity, and its controlled entities, must not enter into business or commercial arrangements which prevent the Reporting Entity from complying with the Rules, particularly Rules 7.2.1 and 7.5.1(b).

143) The Listing Authority suggests that any Listed Entity that is entering into a confidentiality or non-disclosure agreement should require that the agreement provides that:

a)

if the Listed Entity/Reporting Entity requires it, the non-listed entity will provide to the Listed Entity/Reporting Entity all of the information the Reporting Entity requires to comply with the Rules; and

b)

the Reporting Entity may Disclose that information as necessary for the Reporting Entity to comply with the Rules.

completed and therefore needs to be Disclosed immediately under Rule 7.2.1. In this situation, the obligation to make a Disclosure of the Inside Information arises immediately when Rule 7.2.2 ceases to apply. 41 In the case of the former, at the point when the Reporting Entity/Listed Entity first became aware of the Inside Information, and in the latter case, at the point in which Rule 7.2.2 ceases to apply.

29

VER01.280922

Non-release of Inside Information before Disclosing

144) In any situation where a Reporting Entity is required to Disclose Inside Information under Rule 7.2.1, it is not permitted to make that information public until the Reporting Entity has received confirmation from the FSRA Disclosure Platform that the relevant Disclosure has been published. The Listing Authority will not accept Disclosures on an embargoed basis, including the release of information for media or analyst purposes.

145) To avoid a breach of the Rules, including Rule 7.2.1, directors and senior management of a Listed Entity/Reporting Entity should take precautions in relation to what they say when speaking in public about the Listed Entity. They should only discuss Inside Information that has already been Disclosed, or information that is not Inside Information. This includes presentations/addresses at annual general meetings, and other shareholder meetings, where the Inside Information has not yet been Disclosed.

146) Reporting Entities should balance their obligations under the Rules with their obligations to the market in an appropriate way, such that the requirement to Disclose first should not discourage Listed Entities/Reporting Entities from engaging with the investment community through the ordinary course of its investor relations activities (without losing sight of their continuous disclosure obligations).

147) Where a Listed Entity is also listed on another Regulated Exchange, it is expected that the Reporting Entity will make a Disclosure at the same time as it discloses to the other Regulated Exchange.42 The Listing Authority does recognise, however, that the RIE’s market in the Listed Entity’s Securities may be closed at the time that the other Regulated Exchange releases the disclosure publicly. The Listing Authority would not consider this to be a breach of the Rules by the Reporting Entity. The Listing Authority encourages Reporting Entities to work with it for the co-Disclosure of Inside Information where the Listed Entity is also listed on another Regulated Exchange. Other Reporting Entity steps to assist with compliance with Rule 7.2.1

148) Steps or actions that a Reporting Entity can take to help manage its disclosure obligations under Rule 7.2.1 include:

a)

To allow a Reporting Entity to urgently request a Trading Halt without delay, having a template letter ready for use at all times requesting the Listing Authority to grant a Trading Halt.43

b)

Anticipating what might happen if the Inside Information leaks about a confidential transaction being negotiated, and have a template Disclosure ready that can be finalised and Disclosed straight away.

c) Where it has advance notice of an event that is likely to require Disclosure under Rule 7.2.1, preparing a draft Disclosure ahead of time, allowing it to be Disclosed immediately.

d) Where the event that gives rise to the need to make a Disclosure is within its control, being sensitive to the RIE’s market (upon which the Listed Entity’s Securities are admitted to trading) trading hours and, where possible, looking to

42 Refer also to Item 4.3 of APP 2 of the Rules.