 to Securities and Units of a Listed Fund (Chapter 3 of the Rules), as applicable.

9)

For more details on the requirements, and process, for making ensuring compliance with the Continuous Disclosure framework, please contact the Listing Authority at LA@adgm.com.

IMPORTANCE OF CONTINUOUS DISCLOSURE

10) Compliance with Rule 7.2.1 is critical to the orderly conduct and integrity of the Official List and ADGM’s Securities markets. Rule 7.2.1 is the cornerstone of the FSRA’s continuous disclosure framework, and is based on the principle of ensuring the timely flow of Inside Information from a Reporting Entity that may have a significant effect on the price or value of a Listed Entity’s Securities.

11) Rule 7.2.1 supports the operation of sections 75 and 95 of FSMR, and imposes obligations on Reporting Entities to Disclose information in accordance with these sections (via the relevant Rules within MKT).

12) Disclosures made, or required to be made, by a Reporting Entity are sent to the FSRA’s disclosure platform3 by electronic means. Such Disclosure satisfies the requirements of section 74 of FSMR and Rule 7.7.1, being the FSRA’s disclosure platform for the receipt, storage and dissemination of all Disclosures made by Reporting Entities.

13) Disclosures made via the FSRA’s disclosure platform must be made in the English language. If an original document underpinning a Disclosure was prepared and executed in another language, the Listing Authority requires the original document to be accompanied by a full translation of that document in English. Should there be an inconsistency between the English and non-English versions of a Disclosure document, the Listing Authority will rely upon the English version of the document to prevail in relation to that inconsistency.

2 The Guidance in MKT Rule 1.1.3 sets out the following:

1. Where Securities (other than Units of a Fund) are admitted to the Official List, the Issuer of such Securities is a Listed Entity.

2. In the circumstance described in 1 above, a reference in MKT to the Reporting Entity may either refer to:

i) the Listed Entity itself; or, ii) whichever entity is designated by the Regulator as the Reporting Entity of that Listed Entity.

3. An example of where the Regulator may designate an entity other than the Listed Entity to be the Reporting Entity is where “Company A” has issued a Debenture via a subsidiary securitisation vehicle “SPV X”. Whilst the Debentures of SPV X may be admitted to the Official List, making it a Listed Entity, it is unlikely to have the operational capacity to be a Reporting Entity in its own right. In such circumstances the Regulator will designate Company A as the Reporting Entity for the Debentures admitted to the Official List.

4. Therefore, any reference to a Reporting Entity in MKT should be read in the context applicable to a particular Listed Entity and any associated entities.

5. Similarly, references to the obligations of a Listed Entity (or its Management, Directors, Partners or Employees) should be read in the context of the relevant Reporting Entity as is applicable.

3 Or, in relation to the FSRA Disclosure Platform, as otherwise named by the FSRA.

2

VER01.280922

14) Disclosures are released to the market (Recognised Investment Exchanges, data vendors, etc) at no cost to the public, via ADGM’s public website. The ADGM website is the primary publication mechanism for Disclosures.

Rules 7.2.1 and 7.2.2

15) Rules 7.2.1 and 7.2.2 apply to all Reporting Entities (including in relation to a Listed Fund), and for Listed Entities who have a Security admitted to the Official List. Rules 7.2.1 and 7.2.2 importantly state that:

“Immediate Disclosure of Inside Information

7.2.1 (1) Once a Reporting Entity is, or becomes, aware of Inside Information, it must

immediately Disclose that Inside Information.

(2) A Reporting Entity must ensure that the Disclosure it makes pursuant to (1) is not false, misleading, or deceptive and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of the Inside Information.

(3) For the purposes of complying with the requirement in (1), the Reporting Entity