 of

the Financial Instruments, … or Related Instruments.

(5) Information is Precise if it –

(a) indicates circumstances that exist or may reasonably be expected to come into existence or an event that has occurred or may reasonably be expected to occur; and

(b) is specific enough to enable a conclusion to be drawn as to the possible effect of those circumstances or that event of the price of Financial Instruments, … or Related Instruments.

(6) Information would be likely to have a significant effect on price if and only if it is information of a kind which a reasonable investor would be likely to use as part of the basis of his investment decisions.

(8) Information which can be obtained by research or analysis conducted by, or on behalf of, users of a market is to be regarded, for the purposes of this Part, as being generally available to them.”

21)

In the context of a Reporting Entity making a decision in relation to a continuous disclosure matter, consideration of whether information is Inside Information is the most important part of such a decision.

4

VER01.280922

22) The information being considered by a Reporting Entity must relate to a particular Listed Entity and/or its Securities. Information that is publicly available and which relates either Securities or a Listed Entity generally, or that affects all Listed Entities in a market, or a particular sector, is not information which relates to a particular Listed Entity. For example, a Petroleum Production Reporting Entity should generally not be required to Disclose general changes in the price or value of Petroleum. It may, however, be obligated to Disclose the effect of general changes in the price or value of Petroleum if those changes affect its previously Disclosed financial forecast or earnings guidance.4 Inside Information does not need to be generated by the Reporting Entity itself, and may be generated by a third party (such as from regulatory bodies like the FSRA, industry specific authorities bodies (e.g., telecommunications, transport, communication, competition) or from entities such as the ADGM Takeovers Panel), or relate to an external event. The obligation of a Reporting Entity is to Disclose such Inside Information immediately once it becomes aware of it. In the case of Inside Information that has originated from a third party, it may be necessary for the Reporting Entity to seek a Trading Halt, in order to allow time for the Reporting Entity to prepare and make the Disclosure.

When is information Inside Information?

24) As set out above, section 95(2) of FSMR defines the concept of Inside Information, as including information that it is not generally available, relates to Securities (and Related Instruments) and would, if generally available, have a significant effect on the price of such Securities. Importantly, section 95(6) additionally provides that it is information that a reasonable investor would use as part of the basis of their investment decision.5 It should be noted that the test in section 95 of FSMR of whether information is Inside Information is objective, and the fact that a Reporting Entity’s officers may genuinely, and honestly, believe that information is not Inside Information, and that therefore it does not need to be Disclosed, will not avoid a breach of Rule 7.2.1, if that view is ultimately found to be incorrect.

26) The Listing Authority acknowledges that the various factors of the test for determining whether information is Inside Information may cause some difficulty for Reporting Entities to accurately make this assessment. In complying with Rule 7.2.1 a Reporting Entity must predict how investors may react to particular information when it is Disclosed. While in many circumstances this may be obvious, in others circumstances it may not be as clear. This potential challenge is inescapable, however, as it is the Reporting Entity, and only the Reporting Entity, that can and must form a view as to whether the information of which it is aware (and the rest of the market is not aware of) is Inside Information, and therefore needs to be Disclosed under Rule 7.2.1.

27) An officer of a Reporting Entity who is facing a decision on whether information is Inside Information that needs to be Disclosed under Rule 7.2.1 may find it helpful to consider the following three questions:

4 This information may, for example, result in a Reporting Entity needing to consider paragraphs 150 to 160 below. 5 The FSRA considers that a reasonable investor, in this context, does not include traders who seek