 by an (approximate) percentage (e.g., up 25% to 30%).

156) Whilst the Listing Authority accepts that earnings guidance may not be precise and may be further changed on finalisation of a Listed Entity’s financial statements, it does not encourage the use of terms that are insufficiently precise or potentially misleading such as ‘single digit’, ‘double digit’ or ‘best/worst year predicted’, in Disclosures of earnings guidance.

157) Where a Reporting Entity has Disclosed earnings guidance, it will be subject to the requirements set out in Rules 7.2.1(2) and 7.7.1(2) to ensure that information is not false, misleading or deceptive. This may result in the Reporting Entity being subject to a greater obligation to continually update the market in relation to changes to its earnings expectations than it would be if the Reporting Entity did not Disclose earnings guidance (or where broker/analyst expectations are not consistent with a Reporting Entity’s undisclosed earnings expectations).

158) If a Reporting Entity has previously Disclosed earnings guidance (say, 10% up), and the Reporting Entity becomes aware of a similar variation from the previously Disclosed earnings guidance (say, a further 15%), then the Reporting Entity should Disclose the new earnings guidance as well (being 25% up).

159) In circumstances where a Reporting Entity has Disclosed earnings guidance at any time during the year, the Listing Authority expects the Reporting Entity to include the date of that Disclosure in the (relevant) semi-annual financial report48 or preliminary statement of annual financial results49, as well as a summary of that earnings guidance and, if applicable, an explanation of any significant difference from the most recently Disclosed earnings guidance. Furthermore, the underlying figures and assumptions used to produce the earnings guidance should be carefully and closely reviewed, and signed off at an appropriately senior level (within the Listed Entity/Reporting Entity).

160) As it is the directors of a Listed Entity who are ultimately responsible for confirming that its financial statements have been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards, and that they give a true and fair view of the Listed Entity’s financial performance, it is also generally appropriate for earnings guidance to be approved by a Listed Entity’s board before it is Disclosed by the Reporting Entity. Informal earnings guidance

161) Regardless of whether they have a practice of providing periodic earnings guidance or not, Listed Entities/Reporting Entities need to be careful in their communication with Security holders, analysts and the media, such that they do not make statements that could be construed as informal earnings guidance. Statements that may be construed in this way could include that a Reporting Entity/Listed Entity: a)

161) Regardless of whether they have a practice of providing periodic earnings guidance or not, Listed Entities/Reporting Entities need to be careful in their communication with Security holders, analysts and the media, such that they do not make statements that could be construed as informal earnings guidance. Statements that may be construed in this way could include that a Reporting Entity/Listed Entity: is ‘happy’ or ‘comfortable’ with, or expects its earnings to be ‘in line with’ analyst forecasts or consensus estimates; or

expects its earnings to be in line with, or a particular percentage above/below, the corresponding prior period.

48 Refer to Rule 10.1.7. 49 Refer to Rule 10.1.3B(1).

33

VER01.280922

162) If the Listing Authority becomes aware of a Reporting Entity/Listed Entity providing informal earnings guidance in a public forum, or to a Security holder, analyst or journalist, the Listing Authority may require the Reporting Entity, under Rule 7.5, to make a Disclosure to ensure that the whole market is informed of the informal earnings guidance. If the informal earnings guidance was provided by way of comment on an analyst’s forecast or consensus estimate, the Listing Authority may require the Reporting Entity to clarify in its Disclosure which particular analyst forecast is being commented on, the range of the forecast, and if the range of the forecast is wide, where within the range the Listed Entity’s earnings guidance has fallen. Significant differences to earnings guidance

163) For many Listed Entities, the market’s expectation of its earnings (for the current and/or future reporting periods) will often be a significant drive of the price of the Listed Entities Securities. The market’s expectations may have derived from:

a)

earlier earnings guidance