and the rest of the market is not aware of) is Inside Information, and therefore needs to be Disclosed under Rule 7.2.1.

27) An officer of a Reporting Entity who is facing a decision on whether information is Inside Information that needs to be Disclosed under Rule 7.2.1 may find it helpful to consider the following three questions:

4 This information may, for example, result in a Reporting Entity needing to consider paragraphs 150 to 160 below. 5 The FSRA considers that a reasonable investor, in this context, does not include traders who seek to take advantage of short term (such as intraday/intra-hour or intra-minute) price fluctuations, and who trade into and out of Securities without reference to their inherent value, and without any intention to hold them for any meaningful period of time.

5

VER01.280922

a) would this information influence my decision to buy or sell Securities in the Listed

Entity at the current market price?

b)

knowing that this information has not been Disclosed, would I feel exposed to an action for Insider Trading if I were to buy or sell Securities in the Listed Entity at their current market price?

c)

if the information is not Disclosed and the price of the Listed Entity’s Securities changes once the market becomes aware of the information, would I feel that that the Listed Entity would be exposed to adverse comment or market perception (including from investors, market commentators, litigation funders and other interested stakeholders)?

28)

If the answer to any question in paragraph 27 above is ‘yes’, then that may offer an indication that the information is Inside Information and, if it does not fall within the exemption to immediate Disclosure provided by Rule 7.2.2, may need to be Disclosed immediately under Rule 7.2.1.

29)

If a Reporting Entity decides not to Disclose particular information because in its opinion it is either:

a)

not Inside Information; or

b)

the information is Inside Information, but the Inside Information falls within the exemption to immediate Disclosure by Rule 7.2.2,

and there is a sudden and unexplained movement in the market price and/or traded volume of a Listed Entity’s Securities, it may need to quickly revisit its decision on whether the information should be Disclosed. Such a movement in the market price and/or traded volume of a Listed Entity’s Securities may indicate that the information is no longer confidential and/or that the Reporting Entity’s initial decision on whether the information is Inside Information was, or is now, incorrect.

Assessing, and the context of, Inside Information

30)

In assessing whether or not information is Inside Information, and therefore needs to be disclosed under Rule 7.2.1, the information needs to be considered in context, rather than in isolation, against:

a)

the circumstances affecting the Listed Entity at the time;

b)

any external information that is publicly available at the time; and

c)

any previous information that the Reporting Entity has Disclosed (e.g., in an Approved Prospectus, under its continuous or financial reporting disclosure obligations (including earnings guidance or financial forecasts)).

31) The following example illustrates the importance of taking into account the context surrounding the information being considered for Disclosure. In isolation, a small decrease in the earnings of a Listed Entity may not be considered Inside Information. However, if that small decrease triggers a breach of certain financial covenants of that Listed Entity resulting in possible default under its Debenture/debt facilities, then this information considered in context may indeed be Inside Information.

6

VER01.280922

32) Conversely, information that a Listed Entity has received a formal offer from another entity to purchase one of the Listed Entity’s major assets at a significant premium would typically be considered Inside Information. However, if the Listed Entity has no intention of selling, or no capacity to sell, or the prospective purchaser does not have the ultimate ability to complete the purchase, the information may not necessarily be Inside Information.

33) The need to assess information in context also means that new Inside Information may need to be Disclosed due to its impact on Inside Information previously Disclosed. Information that a Listed Entity has, for example, investigated and decided not to pursue a particular business transaction may not be Inside Information, if there was no knowledge or expectation within the market that the Listed Entity was considering the transaction. If, however, the Reporting Entity has