 estimate, into alignment with its own internal earnings forecast.54 It is a Reporting Entity’s obligation, however, to make a Disclosure immediately if, and when, it becomes aware that its earnings for a reporting period will significantly differ from earnings guidance it has previously Disclosed (as this represents Inside Information).

168) Where a Reporting Entity becomes aware that an analyst’s forecast for its earnings significantly differs from the Listed Entity’s own internal forecast (or for that matter, its Disclosed forecast or guidance), the Reporting Entity/Listed Entity may benefit by exploring with the analysts the reasons for the significant difference. If it becomes clear that the analyst may have made a factual or computational error, or may have missed an earlier Disclosure by the Reporting Entity, then the Reporting Entity should make that clear. This may help to set proper market expectations about a Listed Entity’s earnings and avoid any later issues in relation to its earnings Disclosures that could raise potential disclosure issues under Rule 7.2.1.

169) A Listed Entity/Reporting Entity should ensure that any slides/presentations (including applicable speaking notes) used in analyst briefings are Disclosed (and placed on the Listed Entity’s website). This will ensure that all analysts are treated equally, including those not able to attend an analyst briefing. It will also ensure that the information provided in the analyst briefing is Disclosed to the Listed Entity’s market in general.

170) An analyst must not be given Inside Information, unless and until it has been Disclosed under Rule 7.2.1, and the Reporting Entity has received confirmation of the release of that information from the Listing Authority (via the FSRA Disclosure Platform). To this end, a Reporting Entity should therefore have a procedure for reviewing discussions with analysts (after such discussion), so as to check if any Inside Information has

53 Each of the scenarios set out in this paragraph 166 are guides only as to what the market is expecting. Market expectations can be set or modified by the Disclosures of a Reporting Entity over a reporting period. 54 In special circumstances, however, a Reporting Entity’s awareness that an external forecast or consensus estimate is significantly different to the Listed Entity’s internal earnings forecast or estimate may be Inside Information which the Reporting Entity is required to Disclose under Rule 7.2.1, even though the Reporting Entity may not have previously Disclosed any earnings guidance.

35

VER01.280922

inadvertently been discussed or provided. If this has been the case, the Reporting Entity is to ensure that the Inside Information is immediately Disclosed.

SUPERVISION BY LISTING AUTHORITY

Monitoring and Surveillance

171) Operating as the Listing Authority within ADGM, the Listing Authority is obliged to have adequate arrangements to monitor and enforce compliance with the Rules. To ensure that it meets this obligation, the Listing Authority undertakes various monitoring and surveillance activities to detect possible breaches of Rule 7.2.1.

172) The Listing Authority will work, and discuss, with Reporting Entities any questions a Reporting Entity may have under the Rules. The Listing Authority monitors all Disclosures made by Reporting Entities, and will follow up with a Reporting Entity if any Disclosure raises any other continuous disclosure, or other Rule, issues.

173) The Listing Authority reviews relevant media before the opening on each Business Day of an RIE’s market in a Listed Entity’s Securities to identify any article about a Listed Entity that may raise continuous disclosure issues. If such an article is identified, the Listing Authority will follow up with the Reporting Entity, noting that its expectation is that a Reporting Entity will make every effort to contact the Listing Authority before the Listing Authority makes any such contact.

174) The FSRA also has a responsibility to undertake surveillance on the markets within ADGM, and will monitor trading in Securities (admitted to trading on an RIE) on a real time basis, so as to identify abnormal trading55 that may indicate, amongst other things, that there may have been a loss of confidentiality in relation to Inside Information that has yet to be Disclosed under Rule 7.2.1. The FSRA will also monitor various news services, investor forums and chat sites to assist with the surveillance of ADGM markets. The Listing Authority will follow up with a Reporting Entity in relation to any concerns raised or identified. Actions taken by the Listing Authority if abnormal trading is detected

175) If the Listing Authority identifies abnormal trading (on the relevant RIE) in a Listed Entity’s Securities