, details of those changes; and

f)

the timetable for implementing the transaction.

125) It is open to a Reporting Entity to include in a Disclosure references or hyperlinks34 to other documents where further information can be found. If those documents, however, have not been Disclosed, the Disclosure referencing these other documents is required to include sufficient detail about significant contents of these documents, such that investors can understand and assess their significance and decide whether they need to read them.35

126) Reporting Entities should not use a Disclosure under Rule 7.2.1 as a mechanism to Disclose information that is promotional, political or biased in nature. It is for this reason that the Listing Authority will generally36 not allow a Reporting Entity to Disclose a broker research report, or any extract from, or hyperlink to, such a report.37 Any Inside Information in such a broker research report is already required to be Disclosed under Rule 7.2.1, so it can be easily inferred that a Reporting Entity seeking to disclose the broker report is doing so in order to disclose its opinion-based information/material (such as a buy recommendation or price target). This will clearly, therefore, raise the question of whether the Reporting Entity is intending to disclose the report for promotional reasons, rather than as required under Rule 7.2.1. It will also likely raise concerns about whether the Reporting Entity is effectively endorsing a price target, earnings estimate or 34 It is recommended that Reporting Entities provide, as a footnote within the Disclosure, the full web address relating to the hyperlink (in case the hyperlink fails to work appropriately). Regardless of this, Reporting Entities should note that the FSRA Disclosure Platform requires publication of Disclosure documents in PDF format, and must therefore ensure that such documents that include hyperlinks or web addresses are correctly formatted and usable. 35 Please refer to paragraph 132 below. The principle of not having information selectively Disclosed within a title is equally applicable to referencing significant information in other documents. 36 There may be a particular circumstance where a broker report (or extract of, or hyperlink to) is required to be Disclosed, for example, where it forms part of, or has been incorporated by reference into, a Prospectus or other disclosure document that is required to be Disclosed. 37 The Listing Authority does not object to a Listed Entity publishing a broker research report about it on its own website. A Listed Entity which does so, however, needs to be alert to the Rule/legal issues that may arise as a result. For example, in the absence of a suitable disclaimer, the publication of the broker report may imply that the Listed Entity/Reporting Entity endorses the contents of the broker report, including any price target, earnings forecast or other statement as to the Listed Entity’s financial position or prospects. Additionally, the broker will most likely have copyright in its report, and its consent therefore should be obtained before the Listed Entity publishes the report.

26

VER01.280922

any other forward looking statements in the report. In the event that a Reporting Entity Discloses, or makes reference in a Disclosure to, a broker report, the Listing Authority will likely require the Reporting Entity to make a further Disclosure addressing these concerns.

Commercially sensitive information

127) Where a Listed Entity signs a significant agreement, it is generally open to a Reporting Entity to consider whether it will Disclose a copy of such agreement, if it wishes to do so. Making such a Disclosure will help reduce the amount of information about the significant agreement that needs to be included in its other Disclosure documents,38 and will also avoid any later issues about whether the significant terms of the agreement have been Disclosed.

128) The Listing Authority does recognise, however, that there are circumstances where a Reporting Entity will not wish to Disclose a copy of such an agreement, for example, where it contains commercially sensitive information that ought not be Disclosed. In such cases, the Disclosure made about the agreement is still required to contain a fair and balanced summary of the full significant terms of the agreement, and any other relevant information relating to the agreement that is Inside Information. A Reporting Entity is, however, not entitled to avoid the Disclosure of commercially sensitive information by characterising it as a trade secret in order to benefit from the provisions of Rule 7.2.2(1)(e). Disclosure headings

129) The FSRA Disclosure Platform Disclosure lodgement screen includes a ‘title’ field where a