 Reporting Entity to achieve a suitable outcome under Rule 7.2.1. In operating towards this outcome, the Listing Authority will seek to avoid placing any undue prejudice on the Reporting Entity.57

181) The Listing Authority’s aim in these circumstances is to avoid the RIE’s market trading on an uninformed basis. As a result, if such a matter arises during normal trading hours, a high degree of urgency will be attached to it. This will mean that the window for consultation on the matter will be limited and, absent a Trading Halt, the Listing Authority will not accommodate a detailed, or protracted, discussion with the Reporting Entity. Market Activity Query (MAQ) Letters

182) As outlined in paragraph 178a) above, the Listing Authority will generally issue a market activity query letter (a ‘MAQ Letter’) when it detects abnormal trading in a Listed Entity’s Securities and, in its discussions with the Reporting Entity about the abnormal trading, the Reporting Entity has advised the Listing Authority that it is not aware of any Inside Information which has not yet been Disclosed and that could explain the abnormal

57 For example, where the Inside Information relates to an incomplete negotiation that is close to completion, at the Reporting Entity’s request, the Listing Authority may grant a Suspension to allow the Reporting Entity time to conclude the negotiations and to make a more definitive and information Disclosure. This may be more preferable to the Reporting Entity than having to make an immediate Disclosure about the current state of the negotiations. It may also avoid the market (in the Listed Entity’s Securities) overreacting to a potential transaction that has yet to be completed.

37

VER01.280922

trading.58 In those discussions with a Reporting Entity, the Listing Authority will advise whether or not a MAQ Letter is to be sent, and advise that the MAQ Letter will be Disclosed by the Listing Authority at the same time it is sent to the Reporting Entity.

183) In general, it is the Listing Authority’s practice to issue a MAQ Letter on the same day as the discussions with the Reporting Entity relating to the abnormal trading occur. As set out above, at the same time the MAQ Letter is sent to the Reporting Entity, the Listing Authority will generally Disclose the letter as well. This will publicly advise the RIE’s market in the Listed Entity’s Securities that the Listing Authority has made enquiries of the Reporting Entity, that the Listing Authority and the Reporting Entity have had discussions, that a MAQ Letter has been sent and outline when a response from the Reporting Entity is due. The MAQ Letter will require the Reporting Entity to provide a prompt response within the timeframe specified in the MAQ Letter. This will often be a fairly short period (for example, overnight or within several hours of the MAQ Letter being sent by the Listing Authority). Pursuant to Rules 2.8.1(2) and (3), a Reporting Entity must respond to a MAQ Letter within the time specified by the Listing Authority within the MAQ Letter. MAQ Letters are issued by the Listing Authority under Rule 2.8.2.

184) The purpose of the MAQ Letter is to enable both the Listing Authority, and the market in the Listed Entity’s Securities, to be satisfied that the Reporting Entity is in compliance with its continuous disclosure obligations under the Rules. The fact that the Listing Authority has discussed the matter with the Reporting Entity, sent the MAQ Letter and a Trading Halt or Suspension has not been applied for (either before or shortly after Disclosure by the Listing Authority of the MAQ Letter), is likely to create an expectation in the market that there is no Inside Information to be Disclosed. If Inside Information exists and should have been Disclosed, a Trading Halt should have been requested by the Reporting Entity. If through subsequent internal discussions, the information of which the Reporting Entity is aware of changes, or the view of the Reporting Entity changes in relation to the information becoming Inside Information, then action may have to be taken by the Reporting Entity. This may include the Reporting Entity now requesting a Trading Halt or Suspension before responding to the MAQ Letter.

185) Listing Authority MAQ Letters will generally follow a standard template. Typically, a MAQ Letter will identify the abnormal trading and ask a Reporting Entity to respond separately to each of the following questions:59

58 As outlined in paragraphs 176 to 181 above, if a Reporting Entity