 order to form a view.11 In such a case, a Listed Entity will only become aware of Inside Information that needs to be Disclosed under Rule 7.2.1 when an Officer has, or ought reasonably to have, come €nto possession of sufficient information about the event or circumstance in order to be able to determine it represents Inside Information.

42) Reporting Entities should not be tempted to use this as an avenue to avoid, or delay, meeting its continuous disclosure obligations, by forming a ‘convenient’ view that it needs further information before it can assess if such information represents Inside Information, or by not making, or delaying, further enquiries or requesting relevant expert advice. If a Listed Entity/Reporting Entity is in possession of information that constitutes Inside Information, the subjective view of its Officers that it requires further information before it can assess whether the information is Inside Information will not avoid a breach of Rule 7.2.1. Furthermore, the extension of a Listed Entity’s awareness to information that an Officer ‘ought reasonably have come into possession of’ will require a Listed Entity/Reporting Entity, to make any further enquiries, or to obtain any expert advice, needed to confirm whether the information it has constitutes Inside Information to do so within a reasonable time period.

9 See the discussion in paragraphs 43 to 48 below in relation to the meaning of ‘immediately’. 10 For example, the CFO of a Listed Entity intends to review the profit forecast or earnings guidance of the Listed Entity based on the latest quarterly sales data, but the decision is subject to Board review and approval. 11 For example, where a Listed Entity is served with a writ or summons commencing litigation against it, in some cases it may be immediately clear that the matter represents Inside Information and needs to be Disclosed under Rule 7.2.1. In other cases, the Listed Entity may need to obtain legal advice before it can determine that the information represents Inside Information.

9

VER01.280922

IMMEDIATELY

43) Under Rule 7.2.1, Inside Information must be Disclosed ‘immediately’ upon the Reporting Entity becoming aware of the Inside Information, unless it falls within an exemption from Disclosure provided by Rule 7.2.2. The Listing Authority considers that the word ‘immediately’ should not be read as meaning ‘instantaneously’, but rather as meaning ‘promptly and without delay’; that is, doing it as quickly as it can be done in the circumstances (acting promptly) and not deferring, postponing or putting it off to a later time. It is understood that some period of time will necessarily pass between when a Reporting Entity first becomes obliged to make a Disclosure under Rule 7.2.1, and when it makes that Disclosure. This passing of time, does not, of itself, indicate that there has been a delay in the Disclosure. Some Disclosures may be able to be prepared and Disclosed relatively quickly, while others may take longer. The question in each case is whether the Reporting Entity is proceeding to complete and make its Disclosure as quickly as it can in the circumstances and not deferring, postponing or delaying it to a later time.

45) The Listing Authority recognises that how quickly a Reporting Entity can make a Disclosure of Inside Information will vary, depending on a number of factors, including:

a)

the need for the Disclosure to be carefully prepared so that it is not false, misleading or deceptive, and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of the Inside Information (as required by Rule 7.2.1(2));

b) where and when the Inside Information originated;

c)

the forewarning, if any, the Listed Entity/Reporting Entity had of the information;

d)

the amount, and complexity, of the Inside Information;

e)

the need, in some circumstances, to verify the accuracy of the Inside Information;

f)

the need, in some circumstances, for a Disclosure to comply with specific legal or Rule requirements; and

g)

the need, in some circumstances, for a Disclosure to be approved by a Reporting Entity’s Board or disclosure committee.

46) The Listing Authority will take into account the above factors when assessing whether a Reporting Entity has complied with its obligations to make a Disclosure under Rule 7.2.1 promptly and without delay.

47)

If the obligation to Disclose Inside Information under Rule 7.2.1 is