 false rumour, circulating in the (RIE’s) market; or

c)

a segment of the (RIE’s) market is trading on the basis of Inside Information that is not available to the (RIE’s) market as a whole.

Listing Authority Direction powers to correct or prevent a false market

102) Pursuant to Rule 7.5.1(b), if the Listing Authority considers that there is, or is likely to be, a false market in a Listed Entity’s Securities, it may direct the Reporting Entity to disclose any information it requires to correct or prevent a false market.

103) To correct or prevent a false market, the Listing Authority may require the Reporting Entity to disclose Inside Information, even in circumstances where the Reporting Entity

26 Noting Rule 7.2.1(2).

21

VER01.280922

considers that the Inside Information falls within the exceptions of Rule 7.2.2 and therefore does not require immediate Disclosure under Rule 7.2.1. It is likely in these circumstances that the Listing Authority will take the view that the Inside Information is no longer confidential and/or that a reasonable person would expect the information to be Disclosed. As a result, the Listing Authority would then be of the view that the Inside Information no longer falls within Rule 7.2.2 and that immediate Disclosure is required.

104) The Listing Authority may also require a Reporting Entity to Disclose information that is not, of itself, Inside Information, for example, to correct a false rumour that the Listed Entity is about to enter into a significant transaction when in fact it is not.

105) If the Listing Authority has concerns that there is, or is likely to be, a false market in a Listed Entity’s Securities, it will normally contact the Reporting Entity to discuss the situation, and the steps that should be taken to correct or prevent the false market, including its powers of direction noted in paragraph 100 above and/or the Reporting Entity considering a request for a Trading Halt.

106) Where a Reporting Entity makes a Disclosure to prevent or correct a false market in a Listed Entity’s Securities, it must make it clear in the Disclosure that the intention of the Disclosure is to prevent or correct a false market.

107) If the Listing Authority has not been able to contact the Reporting Entity, or the Reporting Entity does not cooperate with the Listing Authority in rectifying the false market issue, the Listing Authority may Suspend the Listed Entity’s Securities to prevent a false market from occurring, or from continuing.27 Media reports, analyst reports and market rumours

108) False market issues often arise in relation to reports in the media (both conventional and online) or from analysts commenting or speculating on a matter relating to a Listed Entity, for example, that is about to enter into a significant transaction or that is in significant financial difficulty. These issues can also arise in the context of rumours circulating in the market orally or via email, blogs, bulletin boards, chat sites, messaging sites or other social media.

109) A false market may arise in the following scenarios:

a)

If a report/rumour appears to contain or to be based on credible Inside Information, but is wholly or partially inaccurate, a failure by the Reporting Entity to correct it may lead to a false market in the Listed Entity’s Securities.

b)

Equally, if a report/rumour is accurate, a failure by the Reporting Entity to confirm the facts may contribute to doubts about the accuracy of that report/rumour, also leading to a false market in the Listed Entity’s Securities.

c)

Additionally, if a report/rumour that is false has been disseminated within the market, but is not widely known, this may lead to an issue where that segment of the market that is aware of the report/rumour is trading on an uninformed or false market basis.

27 The Listing Authority may impose a Suspension under Rule 2.6 to prevent a disorderly or uninformed market, or for a breach of Rule 7.5.1.

22

VER01.280922

110) The Listing Authority does not expect a Reporting Entity to respond to every market rumour, in the (social) media or in analyst reports that concerns it. The Listing Authority, in particular, will generally not require the Reporting Entity to respond to the report/rumour, where the: report/rumour does not appear