 in some circumstances, to verify the accuracy of the Inside Information;

f)

the need, in some circumstances, for a Disclosure to comply with specific legal or Rule requirements; and

g)

the need, in some circumstances, for a Disclosure to be approved by a Reporting Entity’s Board or disclosure committee.

46) The Listing Authority will take into account the above factors when assessing whether a Reporting Entity has complied with its obligations to make a Disclosure under Rule 7.2.1 promptly and without delay.

47)

If the obligation to Disclose Inside Information under Rule 7.2.1 is triggered during a period when the Recognised Investment Exchange (RIE) upon which the Listed Entity’s Securities are admitted to trading12 is not trading (e.g., overnight or on a weekend), the

12 Pursuant to section 50(3) of FSMR and Market Infrastructure Rule (MIR) 3.9. Under section 50(3) of FSMR, an RIE shall not permit trading of Securities on its facilities unless those Securities are admitted to, and not suspended from, the Official List. Section 61(1) of FSMR is linked to section 50(3), such that an Issuer cannot ‘have Securities admitted to trading on an RIE, unless there is an Approved Prospectus in relation to the relevant Securities’. An Issuer therefore wanting to have its Securities traded on an RIE needs to have such Securities:

a) admitted to the Official List (maintained by FSRA); and b) offered by way of an Approved Prospectus.

10

VER01.280922

Listing Authority considers that it will normally be sufficient for the Reporting Entity to make its Disclosure before the RIE next opens for trading. However, if the obligation to Disclose Inside Information under Rule 7.2.1 is triggered while the RIE is open for trading, the Reporting Entity will be expected to make a Disclosure as promptly as it can in the circumstances, and without delay. If this is not possible, the Listing Authority would expect the Reporting Entity to request a Trading Halt.

48)

If a Listed Entity/Reporting Entity becomes aware of Inside Information relating to a future event (e.g., that a breach of financing covenant or the termination of a material agreement is inevitable), the Reporting Entity must Disclose this immediately after it becomes aware of that Inside Information.

Use of a Trading Halt or Suspension to manage Disclosure issues

49)

If the RIE upon which a Listed Entity’s Securities is, or will be, trading immediately after a Reporting Entity first becomes obliged to Disclose Inside Information under Rule 7.2.1, but before the Reporting Entity can Disclose that Inside Information, the Reporting Entity should consider whether it is appropriate to request a Trading Halt (under Rule 7.8), and therefore halt trading on the RIE.

50)

In certain circumstances, the application, and implementation by the Listing Authority, of a Trading Halt can be beneficial for both the Listed Entity and the RIE’s market, by ensuring that the Listed Entity’s Securities are not trading on the RIE on an uninformed basis. It will signal to investors, and the wider market, that Inside Information may be shortly, or is in the process of being, Disclosed. The application, and implementation by the Listing Authority, of a Trading Halt may help to reduce the exposure of a Listed Entity/Reporting Entity (and their Officers, as applicable) to the legal, regulatory and financial consequences that could result from the Reporting Entity having breached its obligation to Disclose Inside Information in accordance with Rule 7.2.1.

51) A Trading Halt or Suspension is not equally suitable in every circumstance. For example, a Trading Halt can only last for a maximum of two Business Days, so it will not be suitable in circumstances relating to a complex or protracted disclosure matter that is unlikely to be resolved within inside this time. In these circumstances, a Suspension may be more appropriate.

52) As a Reporting Entity’s primary obligation under Rule 7.2.1 is to Disclose Inside Information promptly and without delay, the Listing Authority does not expect a Reporting Entity to request a Trading Halt, or Suspension, before it has determined whether the particular information represents Inside Information. Having made this determination, if the Reporting Entity is able to make the required Disclosure promptly and without delay then, in normal circumstances, the Reporting