ly may constitute a breach of section 221 of FSMR.

23

VER01.280922

a)

the report/rumour is accurate, the Listing Authority may ask the Reporting Entity to make a Disclosure confirming the report/rumour, or it may ask the Reporting Entity to make a more detailed Disclosure under Rule 7.2.1;

b)

the report/rumour is partially accurate, the Listing Authority may ask the Reporting Entity to make a Disclosure to correct or clarify the report/rumour, or it may ask the Reporting Entity to make a more detailed Disclosure under Rule 7.2.1;

c)

the report/rumour is totally inaccurate, the Listing Authority may ask the Reporting Entity to make a Disclosure that denies or corrects the report/rumour; or

d)

it does not know whether the report/rumour is accurate or not, the Listing Authority may ask the Reporting Entity to make a Disclosure stating that it has no knowledge of the information pertaining to report/rumour, and can therefore neither confirm nor deny the report/rumour.

114) Where a Reporting Entity advises the Listing Authority that it needs time to prepare a Disclosure, and the RIE’s market (in the Listed Entity’s Securities) is either currently trading or will commence trading before the Reporting Entity can make the Disclosure, the Listing Authority will usually suggest to the Reporting Entity that it requests a Trading Halt.

115) In considering the circumstances of whether or not a report/rumour has caused, or is likely to cause, a false market, the Listing Authority is more likely to consider the impact, or likely impact, on the price of the Listed Entity’s Securities rather than the accuracy, or inaccuracy, of the information contained in the report/rumour. HOW DOES RULE 7.2.1 INTERACT WITH OTHER DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS?

116) The obligation of a Reporting Entity under Rule 7.2.1 to Disclose Inside Information is separate to, but operates closely with, a Reporting Entity’s other obligations under the Rules (particularly those in Chapter 9 and APP 2). The Disclosure of information under, for example, APP 2 of the Rules will satisfy the obligation to Disclose Information under Rule 7.2.1 provided, in each case, the Disclosure is made within the timeframe required under Rule 7.2.1.

117) The continuous disclosure obligations in Rule 7.2.1 also, importantly, operate closely with the:

a)

periodic/financial disclosure obligations set out in chapter 10 of the Rules; and

b)

the general disclosure obligations under FSMR, ADGM Commercial Laws (for Listed Entities incorporated in ADGM) and international commercial and corporate laws (for Listed Entities that are not incorporated in ADGM), including Prospectus Offer documents, bidders and targets statements, etc.

118) Once the documents referred to in paragraphs 117a) or 117b) above have been Disclosed, the Listing Authority will regard the information in them as now ‘within the market’, and therefore not requiring separate Disclosure under Rule 7.2.1.

119) The Listing Authority does not generally expect a Reporting Entity to Disclose information in a document included in paragraph 117 above ahead of the scheduled

24

VER01.280922

release date for that document,31 provided that all of the limbs in Rule 7.2.2 are met or that the Listing Authority does not consider that a Disclosure is required under Rule 7.5.1(b) to prevent a false market. There will be cases, however, where in the course of preparing, for example, a financial disclosure required under chapter 10 of the Rules, Inside Information may come to light that ought to immediately Disclosed under Rule 7.2.1.

120) As a further example, in the course of preparing a financial disclosure as required under chapter 10 of the Rules, it may become clear to a Listed Entity/Reporting Entity that its reported earnings will differ significantly from those of the previous period. In such a circumstance, the Reporting Entity must immediately Disclose this expected significant difference in earnings under Rule 7.2.1. The Reporting Entity cannot wait until the scheduled release of the reported earnings (within the financial disclosure document) to Disclose the significant difference in earnings. DISCLOSURES – SYSTEMS, CONTROLS & CONTENT

