 appropriate delegations as needed such that, for example where the Listed Entity is also the Reporting Entity, the senior management of the Listed Entity can make certain Disclosures of their own accord. In circumstances where a Disclosure matter falls outside any applicable delegations, Reporting Entities may wish to ensure that it is able to convene a disclosure committee that can meet on short notice to consider a Disclosure. Disclosure committees often comprise the chairperson of the Board, the CEO, Company Secretary, CFO and the general counsel.

137) Where it is a decision of a Board of the Listed Entity that is to be the subject of a Disclosure under Rule 7.2.1, such as a decision by the Board to declare a dividend, take action under a Takeover or to appoint an administrator, the obligation to make a Disclosure under Rule 7.2.1 will generally not arise until the Board has made that decision. It will not usually be necessary to request a Trading Halt pending a Board decision, although this may change if the subject/topic of what is to be decided by the Board no longer remains confidential.

138) In circumstances where the information to be Disclosed falls within the exceptions to immediate Disclosure under Rule 7.2.2, but the Board determines that it is appropriate and timely to make the Disclosure at that time, it will be the decision of the Board that is the trigger for the Disclosure, rather than any specific obligation under Rule 7.2.1.40

39 If the Listing Authority receives, from a third party, information to be disclosed that should be, or should have been, Disclosed by a Reporting Entity under Rule 7.2.1, the Listing Authority will enquire of the Reporting Entity as to the accuracy of the information, and whether the information represents Inside Information. If the Listing Authority forms the view that the information is accurate, is Inside Information and not exempt from Disclosure under Rule 7.2.2, the Listing Authority will ask the Reporting Entity to make a Disclosure of the Inside Information under Rule 7.2.1. 40 This is different from the situation where Inside Information ceases to fall within Rule 7.2.2. For example, previously incomplete and confidential negotiations relating to an important transaction are

28

VER01.280922

139) In circumstances, however, where the Inside Information to be Disclosed relates to an event that has already happened, and the information:

a)

does not, and did not at any time, fall within Rule 7.2.2; or

b)

fell within Rule 7.2.2, but has since ceased to do so,

the obligation to make a Disclosure will have arisen before the Board can consider the matter.41 To comply with the timing requirements of Rule 7.2.1, the Disclosure must then be made promptly and without delay. This, in turn, means that the required Board meeting to consider the Disclosure must be convened, and the Board must settle and approve the Disclosure, promptly and without delay.

140) Consideration of this Disclosure cannot be delayed to a previously scheduled regular Board meeting, or to a meeting to be convened at a future date. The Reporting Entity should also consider whether it may need to request a Trading Halt. The Listing Authority strongly encourages a Reporting Entity that is unsure about whether it should be requesting a Trading Halt to allow time for the Board of the Listed Entity to approve a Disclosure, to contact the Listing Authority at the earliest opportunity to discuss the situation. Interaction with non-listed entities

141) Reporting Entities/Listed Entities need to be aware that the obligation of a Reporting Entity to Disclose will still exist irrespective of whether the counterparty to the Listed Entity’s transaction/activity is subject to the Rules and irrespective of any commercial agreement made with its counterparties.

142) For example, where a Listed Entity conducts a significant proportion of its business with privately owned entities, and these arrangements are the subject of confidentiality agreements, the existence of such confidentiality arrangements between the parties does not excuse the Reporting Entity from complying with its Disclosure obligations under the Rules. A Listed Entity, and its controlled entities, must not enter into business or commercial arrangements which prevent the Reporting Entity from complying with the Rules, particularly Rules 7.2.1 and 7.5.1(b).

143) The Listing Authority suggests that any Listed Entity that is entering into a confidentiality or non-disclosure agreement should require that the