 that can be finalised and Disclosed straight away.

c) Where it has advance notice of an event that is likely to require Disclosure under Rule 7.2.1, preparing a draft Disclosure ahead of time, allowing it to be Disclosed immediately.

d) Where the event that gives rise to the need to make a Disclosure is within its control, being sensitive to the RIE’s market (upon which the Listed Entity’s Securities are admitted to trading) trading hours and, where possible, looking to

42 Refer also to Item 4.3 of APP 2 of the Rules. 43 In relation to the operation of Rule 7.8, a Reporting Entity needs to put its request for a Trading Halt to the Listing Authority in writing. Where the Listing Authority agrees to the Trading Halt, the Listing Authority will Disclose this written request and that the Listing Authority granted the Trading Halt.

30

VER01.280922

trading ensure commences44 or after trading closes (so as to avoid any disruption to the normal course of trading of the Listed Entity’s Securities of the’RIE's market).

the event happens and the Disclosure

is made before

e)

Ensuring that it, and its relevant Officers responsible for communication with the Listing Authority, has the:

(i)

organisational knowledge to have relevant and meaningful discussions on Rule matters; and

(ii) authority to request a Trading Halt or Suspension and make a Disclosure, if

that is what is required under the Rules.45

f)

Ensuring that it has appropriate arrangements in place to control, or deny, access to Inside Information (pursuant to Rules 7.2.7 to 7.2.9). The Listing Authority encourages efforts to keep the numbers of these ‘insiders’ to a minimum.

g)

Ensuring that it has in place arrangements for maintaining the confidentiality of Inside Information before Disclosure. These should include adequate training for Employees in the handling, distribution and announcement of Inside Information as appropriate. Reporting Entities should, for example, guard against the risk of Inside Information being leaked to the market through selective disclosure or otherwise.

h)

Ensuring that it is readily contactable by the Listing Authority by phone, and available to discuss any pressing Disclosure issues that arise, during the normal trading hours (on the RIE for which the Listed Entity’s Securities are admitted to trading) and for at least one hour either side of the RIE’s normal trading hours each Business Day.

149) The issue set out in paragraph 148h) above is most important, as the need to resolve a continuous disclosure matter may be extremely sensitive, and time critical. In circumstances where the Listing Authority is not able to contact the Reporting Entity (being the Reporting Entity’s designated contact points with the Listing Authority), or the Reporting Entity’s designated contacts do not have the organisational knowledge or authority to address the matter promptly, the Listing Authority may Suspend the Listed Entity’s Securities until the matter is properly resolved. DISCLOSING FINANCIAL INFORMATION

150) When making a Disclosure of Inside Information under Rule 7.2.1, Reporting Entities often Disclose financial information. Understanding the financial position of a Listed Entity is important as it provides a basis for forming a view as to the price that investors are willing to trade for in a Listed Entity’s Securities. In general, information relating to the financial position of a Listed Entity can fall into three categories, being:

44 Reporting Entities should be mindful of the potential effect of making a Disclosure during a peak RIE trading period (for example, just prior to or on market open or close). 45 The Listing Authority acknowledges the decision to request a Trading Halt is a serious one, and that a Reporting Entity/Listed Entity will often have approval processes that need to be followed before the Reporting Entity’s contact person will have the authority to request a Trading Halt. If a Reporting Entity has such approval processes in place, it must be able to activate them, and obtain the necessary approvals, within a matter of minutes. A Reporting Entity must also have contingency plans in place for when its key approvers/contacts are not available.

31

VER01.280922

a)

the financial impact of specific events, such as major acquisition or disposals;

b)

significant changes to prospective financial information, such as earnings, profits or production forecasts. Such prospective financial information relating to a Listed Entity may be first Disc