2) and to submit such written reports in respect thereof as the Regulatory Authority may direct.

(4)

The Regulatory Authority may require a Financial Institution to produce a report and/or appoint a skilled person to produce a report.

(5)

For the purposes of subsection 5(4), sections 203 and 204 of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015 shall apply in relation to requiring a report or appointing a skilled person to produce a report (as the case may be). A Financial Institution shall be read as falling within the scope of “A” for the purposes of the application of those sections.

(6)

The Regulatory Authority may commence an investigation in relation to a Financial Institution.

(7)

For the purposes of subsection 5(6), sections 205 to 215 and section 217 of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015 shall apply in relation to commencement and conduct of an investigation by the Regulatory Authority of a Financial Institution.

Part 3 Reporting and Record keeping8

6.

Collecting and reporting information9

(1)

Each Reporting Financial Institution shall collect and report all information in accordance with the Common Reporting Standard, the Cabinet Resolution and these Regulations.

(2)

Each Reporting Financial Institution shall establish and implement appropriate systems and internal procedures to enable its compliance with the Common Reporting Standard, the Cabinet Resolution and these Regulations.

8 Amended 14 December 2022. 9 Amended 14 December 2022 and 2 October 2023.

4

7.

Record keeping10

(1)

Every Reporting Financial Institution shall keep records of the steps undertaken and any evidence relied upon for the performance of the due diligence procedures and the measures to obtain those records that the Reporting Financial Institution obtains or creates for the purpose of complying with the Common Reporting Standard, the Cabinet Resolution and these Regulations.

(2)

Every Reporting Financial Institution that is required to keep, obtain or create records under these Regulations shall retain those records for a period of at least six (6) years after the date of reporting to the Regulatory Authority.

(3)

Every Reporting Financial Institution required by these Regulations to keep records that does so electronically shall retain them in an electronically readable format for the retention period of six (6) years after the date of reporting it to the Regulatory Authority.

(4)

Every Reporting Financial Institution that obtains or creates records, as required under these Regulations, in a language other than English shall, upon request, provide an English translation to the Regulatory Authority.

Part 4 Penalties and contraventions11

8.

Power to prescribe penalties and procedures12

(1)

The Regulatory Authority may prescribe:

(a)

Penalties and administrative fees and other sanctions in addition to the penalties stipulated in the Cabinet Resolution; and

(b)

Forms and additional procedures in relation to:

(i)

the imposition and recovery of penalties and administrative fees imposed pursuant to these Regulations (including those stipulated in the Cabinet Resolution);

(ii)

the enforcement of actions required by the Regulatory Authority pursuant to these Regulations; and

(iii) any objection or right of appeal in respect of any penalties or administrative fees or action required or the enforcement thereof.

9.

Penalties and appeal13

(1)

An Account Holder, Controlling Person or Financial Institution who:

(a)

does an act or thing that is prohibited under these Regulations, the Common Reporting Standard or the Cabinet Resolution;

(b)

does not do an act or thing that is required or directed to do under these Regulations, the Common Reporting Standard or the Cabinet Resolution; or

10 Amended 14 December 2022 and 2 October 2023. 11 Amended 14 December 2022. 12 Amended 14 December 2022 and 2 October 2023. 13 Amended 30 December 2021, 14 December 2022 and 2 October 2023.

5

(c)

otherwise contravenes these Regulations, the Common Reporting Standard or the Cabinet Resolution,

commits a contravention of these Regulations and the Cabinet Resolution and is liable to the penalties and sanctions set out in the Cabinet Resolution, and any other penalty or administrative fee or sanction that may be imposed by the Regulatory Authority pursuant to subsection 8(1)(a).

(2)

Any appeal against any penalty or fee or sanction imposed pursuant to subsection 9(1) must be raised pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Cabinet Resolution.

10.

Directions to comply14

(1) Where