5

(c)

otherwise contravenes these Regulations, the Common Reporting Standard or the Cabinet Resolution,

commits a contravention of these Regulations and the Cabinet Resolution and is liable to the penalties and sanctions set out in the Cabinet Resolution, and any other penalty or administrative fee or sanction that may be imposed by the Regulatory Authority pursuant to subsection 8(1)(a).

(2)

Any appeal against any penalty or fee or sanction imposed pursuant to subsection 9(1) must be raised pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Cabinet Resolution.

10.

Directions to comply14

(1) Where the Regulatory Authority, or its delegate, considers that an Account Holder, Controlling Person or Financial Institution has contravened the Common Reporting Standard, the Cabinet Resolution or these Regulations it may by written notice to such person order that certain action be taken to comply with these Regulations.

11.

Anti-Avoidance15

(1)

into any If a Reporting Financial arrangements or engages in a practice, the main purpose or one of the main purposes, of which can reasonably be considered to be to avoid an obligation imposed pursuant to these Regulations, the Reporting Financial Institution, person or intermediary is subject to the obligation as if the Reporting Financial Institution, person or intermediary had not entered into the arrangement or engaged in the practice.

Institution, person or

intermediary enters

Part 5 Indemnity and effective date16

12.

Indemnity

Unless it can be shown that it acted in bad faith, neither the Regulatory Authority, its delegate, nor any Designated Officer can be held liable for any act, attempted act or omission in the performance, purported non-performance or non-performance of its functions in connection with these Regulations.

13.

Effective date

(1)

These Regulations become effective on date of enactment, except in respect of the following where they shall apply retrospectively:

(a)

in respect of Pre-existing Accounts that are subject to due diligence requirements under the Regulations, the effective date for purposes of these Regulations is 31 December 2016; and

(b)

in respect of New Accounts that are subject to due diligence requirements under the Regulations, the effective date for purposes of these Regulations is 1 January 2017.

14 Amended 14 December 2022 and 2 October 2023. 15 Amended 14 December 2022. 16 Amended 14 December 2022.

6