 of any commentary published by the OECD in respect thereof, is an integral part of the Common Reporting Standard and accordingly applies for the purposes of automatic exchange of financial account information under the Common Reporting Standard, the Cabinet Resolution and these Regulations.

(2)

In addition, any explanatory material or guidance issued by the UAE Competent Authority for the purposes of assisting with the implementation of the Common Reporting Standard should be considered when interpreting and complying with these Regulations.

3 Amended 14 December 2022 and 2 October 2023. 4 Amended 14 December 2022 and 2 October 2023.

2

Part 2 Role and Powers of the Regulatory Authority5

4.

Role and powers of the Regulatory Authority6

(1)

The Regulatory Authority is designated as the Regulatory Authority for the ADGM for the purposes of the Common Reporting Standard and the Cabinet Resolution, and has such functions and powers as are conferred, or expressed to be conferred, on it:

(a)

by or under these Regulations;

(b)

by or under the Common Reporting Standard;

(c)

by or under the Cabinet Resolution;

(d)

by any other instrument or enactment issued by the ADGM Board of Directors; or

(e)

by the UAE Competent Authority or the Government from time to time.

(2)

The Regulatory Authority has the power to do whatever it deems necessary for or in connection with, or reasonably incidental to, performing its functions and exercising its powers granted under these Regulations, the Common Reporting Standard or the Cabinet Resolution, inclusive of but not limited to:

(a)

issuing guidance and directives pursuant thereto; and

(b)

delegating its duties and powers under these Regulations, the Common Reporting Standard or the Cabinet Resolution to Designated Officers.

5.

Powers of inspection and investigation7

(1) Without prejudice to the powers of inspection and investigation set out in the Cabinet

Resolution, the Regulatory Authority may:

(a) require any Account Holder, Controlling Person or Financial Institution to provide records, information, explanations and particulars and to give all the required assistance which the Regulatory Authority may reasonably require in connection with the administration or enforcement of these Regulations;

(b) by notice in writing, require any Account Holder, Controlling Person or Financial Institution to provide to the Regulatory Authority such information as the Regulatory Authority may reasonably require for any purpose relating to the administration or enforcement of these Regulations, such information to be provided or produced before the end of such reasonable period as may be set out in the relevant notice;

(c) request information from and, at all reasonable times, enter any premises or place

of business of a Financial Institution for the purses of:

(i)

assessing compliance with these Regulations;

5 Amended 14 December 2022. 6 Amended 30 December 2021, 14 December 2022 and 2 October 2023. 7 Amended 30 December 2021 and 14 December 2022.

3

(ii)

determining whether information: included in an information return made under these Regulations is correct and complete and whether information not included in an information return was correctly not included; and/or

(iii)

examining the systems and internal procedures put in place by a Reporting Financial Institution for the purposes of ensuring compliance with that Reporting Financial Institution’s obligations under these Regulations.

(2)

The Regulatory Authority may request information from any Account Holder or Controlling Person including, but not limited to Accounting Records and all other records held in connection with the information or certifications provided to a Financial Institution, and the Regulatory Authority may ask the Financial Institution to assist it to obtain such information or records from Account Holders and Controlling Persons.

(3)

The Regulatory Authority may appoint Designated Officers to assist it in inspections performed at the premises of Reporting Financial Institutions pursuant to the provisions of subsections 5(1) and (2) and to submit such written reports in respect thereof as the Regulatory Authority may direct.

(4)

The Regulatory Authority may require a Financial Institution to produce a report and/or appoint a skilled person to produce a report.

(5)

For the purposes of subsection 5(4), sections 203 and 204 of the Financial Services and Markets Regulations 2015 shall apply in relation to requiring a report or appointing a skilled person to produce a report (as the case may be). A Financial Institution shall be read as falling within the scope of “A” for the purposes of the application of